I will have to return.
I am not a fan of these at all!
I then paired them with my iPod.
I did like the size and sound of these.
I totally agree with him!
I mean literally at all.
I never have to worry about charging it.
I got these for myself to use at my office.
The sound quality is great!
Happy with these ear buds.
I also hate how you control it.
Overall, I am very happy with this purchase.
I only used the earbuds for about 3 minutes.
I haven't had them for long but these are awesome.
I use them when I am working out at the gym or at home.
I do like the deep base sound.
The quality for the price is great.
Not sure if it's something I did?
If I run they slip out.
The sound quality is amazing!
If I sweat they slip out.
They are comfortable in your ear as well.
Worked for about a week.
I liked the charging case how it showed the charge.
The sound quality and battery life are good.
I stated that I had already returned the ear buds.
Great customer service as well.
Other than that, I enjoy this item.
I had my iPod in my pant pocket.
I bought these earbuds but I received defective ones.
I do not need to return the defective set.
They charge quickly.<br><br>All sounds good, right?
I haven't used them yet for phone calls..
The sound quality is excellent for music.
Ordered a pair of ear buds and they was not very loud at all .
First, before I do anything, I always charge up things.
Stay charged a long time while he works.
They stayed in my ear easily, the sound quality was great.
Thank you for the great customer service !
Great sound and long-lasting, fast charging.
I am genuinely impressed with the sound quality on everything!
I only was using them about an hour each day, and some days not even that.
Customer service sent me a new pair and they worked great .
I purchased these earbuds a month ago and returned them.
I have purchase 3 pair thus far.
I have been very pleasantly surprised regarding the sound quality of these earbuds.
The call quality is nice.
I am extremely impressed with this level of customer service!
