I have this in my bedroom.
I have no problem with this.
I bought one for myself.
I like it a lot.
I am so glad I did!
I have the dot now I have the pop.
Alexa and I have a great relationship.
I love the sound that this echo pop has.
So I went for it.
I bought one for my friend.
I love this size option.
The sound quality is great too.
I LOVE this new Alexa for sure.
Sounds about the same as a standard echo.
It sounds just like my Amazon Echoes.
I use it mainly for music and Alexa just gets it!
I bought this for my daughter’s room.
I have 3 in my home and they are very easy to use.
I bought 3 of these when they were on sale.
I love that these are so small and yet so great.
Easy to use and set up.
I absolutely love the Amazon Echo Pop!
Quality is great and it is easy to use.
I decided to give it a try.
I like this o e so much better.
I caught it when the price dropped.
I CAN LIVE WITHOUT ALEXA!
Easy to set up using the Alexa app.
Great sound quality for a small device.
Love the new echo pop.
This is a great Alexa product!
I got him the Echo on a whim and he is delighted.
I also can’t get over the great sound quality.
I placed it on my tool box.
I purchased this product because of the sale price.
I even tell her good night.
I ordered this to replace my old Alexa device.
I haven't had any issues so far.
I have one in my bathroom, and it works like a charm.
The sound quality is fantastic.
The sound is surprisingly good.
I do not know and have no clue what they are talking about.
Is it better than my Echo?
I bought this echo pop for my finished basement.
I purchased this to replace a very old echo DOT.
I got one in teal and black (both are great).
It was also easy to use as well.
I can’t imagine my home without it now!
Two speakers are better than one.
I have several of these already, and this one did not disappoint.
Either way, I am very pleased with the quality of this device.
I believe I got this on sale too so even better!
We have the echo eight with Alexa in the kitchen.
This echo pop was also easy to connect with my other devices.
Sound quality is loud and good for its size.
She likes hers as much as I like mine.
I liked how easy they were to set up and even pair together.
I should have just asked for help before losing it lol.
I didn’t really need this, but it was on sale, so I bought it.
It's just as good as the dot I love them both I have two Alexa's and one Ziggy..
I purchased it on sale so it was definitely a good value.
The sound is much better for music and interaction.
I have not stopped using it since I received it yesterday.
