I have had it for over a year.
(I cause most of those myself).
I purchased this a while ago.
I will not recommend Ring to anyone.)
I have had this unit for approx.
(I have that feature silenced.
I absolutely love my Ring Doorbell.
I am really impressed with this doorbell from Ring.
I have this set up on my side door.
I am thoroughly impressed with the Ring Doorbell!
I literally have no complaints.
I agree with all the pros.
We love the Ring doorbell.
I bought this Ring camera for my front door.
I had no problem connecting it to wifi.
I removed the battery and charged it today.
I’m so happy with my ring doorbell!!
I very much appreciate this product.
This is my second ring doorbell !have been very good.
I bought this doorbell to upgrade my front door.
The Ring subscription works great too.
I already have a doorbell, so I'm not using that feature.
Great product, I have ring cameras around my house.
so bought the ring accessory to.
Ring camera has great quality and motion detection.
The case that is on it I purchased seperately.
The quality of the camera at night is what I liked as well.
I work from home and have a parent with dementia.
We will be purchasing more Ring devices.
I had Ring Doorbell Pro about 5 years ago.
I had hoped for a couple of months.<br><br>3,.
It is good and works well.
Worked great then and still does now that I have my own home here in Charleston.
Easy to install and set up.
Everything we wanted from a video doorbell.
I finally decided to try the ever-popular Ring doorbell.
I was a bit worried about the battery life, but it is great.
The charge is very quick too.
This security camera works well.
I had to buy the plug in chimes but works great.
Works great very clear video.
Picture is clear and battery great.
I would recommend getting the solar attachment with it.
I feel so much safer working from home now that we have this.
We live out in the country, and I work from home.
This is a great product.
Love the picture and removable battery.
I love that I get notified as soon as it detects motion.
I was stoked when I saw the local storage.
I just received it yesterday &amp; it works great.
I love this product the camera is so clear the quality is amazing!
Much better upgrade than the old Ring 2 I had.
