Original Response:
At first i thought 'this is bullshit, another person not taking responsibility for their actions'...

But now i think about it we live in a culture where drinking is encouraged.  For people who enjoy altering their state of consciousness there is no other real legal option.  Alcohol is everywhere.

There are no education programs at school teaching how to drink responsibly.

To throw a 19yo girl on the street in the middle of the night is a disgrace.
No, there is a LOT of education aimed at reduction and safety of drinking in schools. There were entire modules aimed at explaining the effects, short and long term, of drinking. I have no idea where you get the "No education" from. Most people choose to ignore it, but that is not the same as not being educated.
I was never educated on how to handle alcohol in school other than abstinence or education on what it does. Never got taught on how to be safe while doing it.
Back in the 90's when i was at school there wasnt much.
I finished HS in '08.
I finished HS in 2005. There was plenty.
[removed]
Nor are we taught it's a coping strategy that is usually a sign of a bigger problem.
Nah there wasn't.
Drinking harm and drinking dangers are different from drinking skills.
There's no safe way of being blind drunk, nor will any education help you once in that state.
Gee whiz it's almost as if we're responsible for our own actions or something.
Skills like pacing, rate of alcohol breakdown in body, water intake per standard drink to avoid problems... as well as teaching that just because everyone else is drinking, doesn't mean you have to. I dunno, those are pretty useful stuff.
&gt;I finished HS in '08.

Me too! and holy shit I'm surprised my liver survived.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
Yeah, on the one hand there seemed to be a lot of personal decisions that lead to to this situation, but really when society says "yep, all of the things leading up to this outcome are fine" there's really a responsibility to not leave people out on a limb at the last step.
I agree, hell even with illegal drugs I'd argue there are even *more* resources online about what's safe and not. The problem is this shithouse narrative we've had since forever that treats drugs and alcohol as some kind of evils you succumb to, instead of something that people willingly and consciously actually want to do (for the most part). What is special there is that it's*only* shown as negative. Hell even beer ads barely ever show people drinking anymore, but literally anything else around it.

Hence why we don't have a proper drug or even alcohol education, the way you would be educated by experience and your responsible friends. And the creepy police bullshit isn't helping either, how they're out to get you at every corner etc.

Summary:
There are no education programs at school teaching how to drink responsibly.
I finished HS in '08.
I have no idea where you get the "No education" from.
