Original Response:
[removed]
You couldn't find 2 more different bikes to compare. Do you want an upright bike you can mess around with on all kinds of terrain, or street only? A fun hooligan bike, or a track day weapon? What kind of riding are you interested in? Is it your first bike? If so, DRZ all the way.
I was going to say that lol. I have never seen two very different bikes being asked about in the same post


That said I vote dual sport all the way
[deleted]
I'm still a new rider so something thats slow and more in town kind of riding is what I plan to do
Yeah so I mostly do in town riding around nothing too fast. The only issue is I'm 6ft and I can't flat foot the DRZ, so idk how easy it will be lower an inch or so lol. But the R6 is just a really nice color and good looking bike so thats why I like that one too
Forget about flat footing. Can you tip toe it? I never flat foot, always left foot off the peg and on the ground once I'm in first gear and right leg on the rear brake. That's all you need to do. All that clearance you gain from losing flat footing will allow you to go offroad and also will give you leg room between then seat and pegs so your legs won't be cramped.
ahhh ok ok that does make sense
I'm 5'9" and I ride my DRZ around no problem. You'll be fine at 6ft. Fwiw, that's a GREAT deal on that drz with those mods.
An R6 is one of the worst possible around town bikes. Out of sport bikes, it, and the R1, are probably the most aggressive. They are track weapons, much more so than anything else.

If you don't want the DRZ (which is a great towner bike) and are set on supersports, check the other brands. The CBR and GSXR are fairly comfortable. Even my '08 zx6r is very comfortable. I've toured long-distance on it.
you think a 06 drz 400sm with all those mods with 8400k miles is a good deal? or should it be higher and I'm getting a deal? or should it be lower? because on KBB it says in excellent condition it should be $3555 so idk
Well in my area, that would be a much more expensive bike. The SM models usually command more of a premium than the S model. 

DRZ SM can be tough to find for reasonable money with any kind of mods and that one has some good ones. The FCR carb is roughly $5-800 by itself depending on if you buy new or rebuilt. Suspension work usually  is several hundred alone. I mean either of those bikes have low miles so I wouldn't be worried about that. If you do consider the drz, see if you can find out about the Loctite mods and if they have been done.
Drz all the way then
I’m 5’10” the bike I ride is something like 36” I can flat foot it if I tilt it to one side but really it’s sweet having an all terrain capability
DrS you forgot to tell him/her how much of a hoot supermotos are in general! You can have so much fun with them w/o having to worry about launching yourself to the stratosphere if you sneeze. 

Really I am thinking of supermotoing the hell out of mine in a year or two.
Oh my god, so much so! A FAST supermoto is still like a reasonably slow regular road bike haha. I've heard those 690s really rip. I'm sure a SM setup would be a riot.
Not as good as a 701 but yeah I’ve heard good things. But I’m not sure yet. Living in Utah I might just keep it Enduro. 

But supermotos are legit man. Braaaaaappp for the win.

So light, so flickable. 

I really think OP can’t go wrong getting that SM as a first bike, unless he deals with frequent altitude changes and other things that might make the carb a hassle
Oh man I don't blame you. I'd kill to ride out in Utah again. I've ridden a 450 EXC out in Moab and it was as close to riding in a dreamland as I could get!
I gotta learn to work the dirt; im doing it backwards lol. Started street now wanting to learn dirt
Oh man, you're missing out! I don't know much about the geography of Utah but I cannot imagine you'd be too far from riding groups that do touring and off-road riding. It's the BEST!
Lots of expensive tour groups yes. However I have no idea how/where to meet other DS riders. Meetup.com had a bmw gs group and I can’t find any like Utah ds forums or anything. Guess I’ll have to join advrider or thumpertalk or something.

Cause yes there is lots of amazing riding but I’m so inexperienced I don’t dare risk going too remotely by myself. Not intending to sound selfish just recognizing the reality.

Also having just recently moved to Utah, it would be nice to meet other riders in general.
Yeah you've undoubtedly got many options, including expensive ones. I'd say Facebook, thumpertalk and the like would be good places to start. 

Definitely don't recommend going out on your own too extremely. Did that once...haha nothing quite like getting lost in the woods for a few hours and wondering if you'll run out of gas.

Summary:
I was going to say that lol.
Drz all the way then.
I'm 5'9" and I ride my DRZ around no problem.
If so, DRZ all the way.
But the R6 is just a really nice color and good looking bike so thats why I like that one too.
I'm still a new rider so something thats slow and more in town kind of riding is what I plan to do.
Oh man I don't blame you.
