Original Response:
Saw an older thread on this topic from like 2 years ago and found the question interesting, so here it is again. If every player CURRENTLY ACTIVE reverts back to the age of 18, who’s your top 5? 
For me it’s 

1. Sidney Crosby. 
This picks imo makes sense, highest PPG of an active player, natural born leader and can score goals too. 2 Conn Smythes, has an edge to him and can turn on a dime again and again, and ofc, he’s Captain Canada. 

2. Connor McDavid.
This kids special, coming first in the league in scoring on a team that can’t make the playoffs, his explosiveness and speed are unmatched and his hands are silky. Put him with an Artemi Panarin or Vladimir Tarasenko and witness beauty. 

3. Evgeni Malkin. 
The most important skater position in hockey is the centre, and Malkins a big one, literally. He isn’t afraid to get physical at times, and despite his hot temper, puts up a LOT of points. Second highest PPG for active players and 14th all time, it is said when Evgeni Malkin is hot, you can’t stop him. And that’s true. Just ask the Carolina Hurricanes. Malkin finds himself over the next Pick because he takes on the duties of a center and is a more rounded player in general. 

4. Alexander Ovechkin. 
Hey look, not a center. Ovi’s a explosive goal scorer, and has a huge trophy case. I mean cmon, the guy has like 7 Rocket Richards. He’s also 3rd for PPG currently. Finally winning a Conn Smythe and the Cup puts him on this list for sure. 

5. Erik Karlsson. 
Call it recency bias if you will, but Erik Karlssons a magnificent player. Constantly putting up numbers that the top offensive players would, but as a defenseman playing 25 minutes a game. Karlssons a workhorse and in his prime is the best defense man in the league right now. 

So that’s my list but I definitely have some bias and also number 5 was harder for me, I feel like the first 4 are the elite of the elite currently and then you have to go from there.
1.  Crosby

2.  McDavid

3.  Thornton

4.  Kane

5.  Lundqvist.  This is probably a bit crazy, but I don't know maybe it's just a gut feeling.

I do admit I have some anti-Ovechkin bias, but him and Karlsson easily got 6-7 for me.
Kane isnt top 5 at all
God awful list.
Thornton over Ovi though?
How many marijuanas have you had? All of them?
[deleted]
And? 

Good thing there’s another 29 teams other than Kane’s and the Oilers.
[deleted]
You can dispute that or not dispute that, but that’s not at all the point that you brought forth.
[deleted]
I think you're confusing mj with crack
You dared to be subjective with your personal list and not go with the hive mind. How dare you.
[deleted]
I mean, chances are it's a bad pick, but I'm trying to be creative lol

Summary:
Kane isnt top 5 at all.
He’s also 3rd for PPG currently.
Call it recency bias if you will, but Erik Karlssons a magnificent player.
Second highest PPG for active players and 14th all time, it is said when Evgeni Malkin is hot, you can’t stop him.
This picks imo makes sense, highest PPG of an active player, natural born leader and can score goals too.
