Original Response:
I fucking love manhoef
The literall real life example of a Glass Cannon.
Every punch he throws is a bomb. He’s either gonna connect with that sucker and knock you the fuck out or leave his chin out on a glass platter.
Him and Overeem.
Overeem very occasionally has a chin
He's just got that Frank Mir type chin where he doesn't get KOed super easily but he will lose control of his body with a hard shot much easier than most, like their neurological systems aren't as well connected as most fighters or something.
Yeah the heem has some strange KO losses

Seems to lose composure easily, strange for a vet. Like I get it with the deteriorating chin, but you'd think he would connect the erratic style to making him hittable.

I dunno, he's just such a strange fighter
&gt; Seems to lose composure easily, strange for a vet.

I've watched him fight too long, it's not composure, his body just doesn't work right when he takes a hard shot a lot of the time. It's a physical problem he has to work around.
I dunno, the Ngannou fight specifically he was doing that weird ducking shit before he even really got hit
I don't take much from the Ngannou fight, he fought weird as shit in that fight, like he had no respect for Ngannou's abilities, then he tried the clinch and all of a sudden looked completely lost as to how to fight Ngannou.
That's what I'm saying
Oh, I thought you were saying he has a habit of doing that. That was the only time I saw him fight like that where he didn't look like he had any respect for his opponent's abilities then looked lost in terms of strategy while the fight was happening.
Yeah that's not how he always fights but he does seem to have lapses or issues.

Perhaps I'm backdating the Ngannou reasoning for the issues to other fights?
I think a bit. He's had some lapses in judgement at HW like the Bigfoot and Browne fights where he kept walking into striking range while exhausted(these were by far his worst decisions during a fight in the UFC) but other than those and the Ngannou fight he's fought pretty smart. He changed it up with Stipe and fought super aggressive like his Pride days and it didn't work out for him but it nearly did so I can't say that was a big mistake cause I think going for the finish was probably the right move against Stipe cause Stipe has better cardio and wrestling.
Haha those were both of the fights I was thinking of, actually.
His fight IQ in the Browne fight was some of the worst I have ever seen. He was exhausted and for some reason just decided to keep walking into striking range while Browne threw a bunch of front kicks.
"surely he won't throw *another* front kick?"
I watched an interview with Reem on the Jim and Sam show and he seemed to not respect Ngannous abilities from what I remember. It was a long time ago though, so I might be off.

Summary:
I dunno, he's just such a strange fighter.
Haha those were both of the fights I was thinking of, actually.
