Original Response:
How can we combat shit like this?
Spend more time on alternatives like Voat. Make them better with your contributions/activity.    
But don't leave reddit; they'd love it if you left entirely.
Lol why would they love it? Less traffic, less money for them.
The real question right here
&gt; Voat

Stupid thing won't let me see anything if I am not registered...
I'd like to know too... or else we're gonna have to start migrating to another site
They’re most likely trying to not scare new viewers away with all the Nazi stuff on their site.
Go into the leftist comment sections and FIGHT for truth.

You will rarely win people over, or reach an amicable agreement, but it's the readers you're convincing, not the people you're generally arguing with.
They want an echo-chamber.  It's quite clear that they don't want truth seekers and anti-government opinions here.
Stop buying gold
There no battling only alternatives
VOAT
Leave this place forever
Leave Reddit.
I think all you can do is try to spread information about it, while moving sites sounds like a good option, but it will only allow them to further control the narrative and flow of information. 

You wouldn’t move countries if your first amendment was being infringed. Stand up for yourself.
&gt;Spend more time on alternatives like Voat.

So go to site that will see you banned from every major sub for even slightly voicing an opinion that goes against their "approved" narrative? There is no debate; no back and forth or a change of view if new information comes to light that doesn't strengthen that narrative. 

Even on this sub, while you may get downvoted to hell for disagreeing with the majority, it takes a hell of lot more than that to get banned.
Just go to stormfront and be done
It's important to not expect alternatives to be equal to, or better than, what you're currently using, otherwise you'll be the same boat as everyone else who uses whatever is fastest, most convenient and most enjoyable with essentially zero consideration given to the ethics of the company behind the website/product or what police state agendas they may be aiding.
forcing people to register to watch stuff is a sing they want to watch you.

Summary:
Spend more time on alternatives like Voat.
&gt;Spend more time on alternatives like Voat.
