Original Response:
One thing that fascinated me when I first step foot in Queensdale on my level 2 mesmer was that dynamic event where you had to stop the bandits from poisoning the water dam.  If you failed to stop them then a different chain of events would spawn than if you succeeded.  

Currently, in the new maps, if you fail an event everything just disappears and the same event repeats itself after a certain period of time.  For example, if you fail to kill the Death-branded shatterer he shouldn't just vanish into thin air along with all the mobs and you try again later. Maybe queue a cutscene where he does something very destructive before flying away, and for the next two hours the map is in some way more harsh because he is active.   I want to see some consequences to failing events other than after it all just vanish into a puff of thin air. 

One big issue before was that collections progression were linked to the events that only happen upon failure. Go back to making events dynamic and just dont link collections that require people purposely fail events.
When the map is dead, a more harsh environment for a failed meta will discourage replaying if it persists to the next meta.  If it were to go away after 15-20 min (if the meta is on a 2 hr timer, I haven’t paid attention) then I’d find that to be consequences that fade and allow normal play after.

For example, when you load in to a map an hour after the meta failed, you shouldn’t be punished for that (IMO)
Could be completely visual / atmospheric or minor inconveniences like broken bridges that don't 100% block progress (have to go the long way around or use canyon jumping). 

Alternatively, have the map start with obstructions/inconveniences and make it less harsh upon completion of the meta.

No matter the case, killing the Death-Branded Shatterer should be more rewarding and more worth repeating in some way.
see also: failed Tequatl maps during off hours ._.
Some Krytan maps (can't remember which) had bridge-building and bridge-saving events, IIRC. It was cool. You would be like 'Aw hell no, Bandits. Gonna spend 5 minutes killing y' all so I don't have to waste 30 seconds crossing the canyon!' because you knew that you were saving other players the hassle as well.
Timberline falls has this
I really wish we got more of these. While they're really simple in concept, they're really enjoyable just for the feeling of actually saving something tangible.
Tequatl's like this. As far as I know, failing Tequatl doesn't really do much (except maybe spawn those  annoying fish heads?) other than change the atmosphere in his reason to look all necrotic or toxic.
Yep but there is nearly nothing else to do in his area then. So you can actually fill it with oneshot mines and noone will complain.
So the solution would then be to not constantly inflate the world with underdesigned new mini-maps, and instead bring out living story events which get played into those older maps again, maybe even update them in the process?

Make those events played instead of forgotten?
A failed event could also open up other events that are interesting. They have to be careful not to put notable rewards behind a failure so people do not sabotage. But simple events that suit the failure that occured should be no issue, while still adding flavor and the illusion of life to the map.
How about flipping the idea? Failing the map meta just makes it more peaceful and relaxing for the few people on the map to explore, and opens dynamic events that are more solo or small group oriented.

Succeeding ramps up the subsequent map metas’ difficulty with a corresponding bonanza of rewards. Any time it fails, it falls back down a level. Overall population goal... to keep that map alive and hopping at maximum meta level 24/7.
Precisely OP's point was the selling point of GW2 when it came in 2012. People back then were fed up with the static dynamics and *wanted* to be punished for failing events. I stand with him in this; they have been slacking in map design and event creation.
Could always make it that you go through the "failed" chain to attempt the meta again.  Maybe make it not timed like every other event, but rather based on the completion of the failed chain to "clean up the mess".
And Kessex Hills
That's a good idea, too.
Consequences aren't a bad thing. It's not punishment, it's just a map that changes often.
A map-wide version of tequatl’s fish would make me grumpy in a few months when I map complete on an alt TBH.
What I would like would be chain events to ‘clean up’ afterwards.  I.e. when the meta fails, you have to rebuild the bridges (like in Kryta) clear out the branded, eliminate hazardous threats, etc.  That’s what makes a failed meta feel ‘living’ to me.
A really interesting idea. How would you prevent every instance from being a hardcore uphill battle in the weeks after it's released though?
Maybe you could clarify what you mean by 'hardcore uphill battle?'

I guess I don't see any particular state of the map as a problem that needs preventing. If players have really lost interest in the map meta, then the map adapts to becoming more PoF-like and suitable for loners and solo wanderers.

If players visit the map like clockwork similar to Tequatl (introduced in 2013) and Dragon's Stand (2015), then it will still be hopping with activity at regular intervals.

Every now and then, you might have an organized guild or just PUGmanders rally people to the cause like Dry Top, Silverwastes, Triple Trouble, Verdant Brink, Chak Gerent and the hypothetical meta will climb in a fashion similar to Dry Top lvl 6 and be a memorable event for its participants.

And if Anet really wants to rekindle interest in the map at some point, they could just tie a specific reward/crafting/collection ingredient to the meta in a later patch.
&gt; Succeeding ramps up the subsequent map metas’ difficulty with a corresponding bonanza of rewards. Any time it fails, it falls back down a level. Overall population goal... to keep that map alive and hopping at maximum meta level 24/7.

They could certainly take a leaf out of Dry Top to accomplish something like you have suggested.
Failed events are nice, but they need a clear timer, so you know when things will reset.

For example, Dragon's Stand and Battle for Lion's Arch. Every match is different, and when it's over, it restarts.
While I find the dead-exploding-fish landscape to be a hilarious consequence of failing Teq, I can see how it'd be annoying. :P
I often spend a few minutes and save or protect rebuilding of bridges should I be harvesting or collectioning nearby. There's quite a few!
I also find it funny, but what bothers me is that there's no event to clean it up. So it is a nuisance until next teq.
My feelings exactly.  Really annoying to do that heart over there on a failed teq map.  Thankfully it is localized to only that area.
I just mean that because of high player activity in new maps, the map instances are almost certainly gonna all be stuck at high 'levels', meaning players will not be able to see half the content the map has to offer for a while.

I do think it's a really neat idea, just spitballing
Ah, thanks for clarifying. I'm not sure about that scenario being the case.

From prior observation, individual map instances tend to empty out over time. Players being players, they will also try to boost their chance for success by map hopping into a well organized instance and abandon those that lack sufficient leadership. 

I suspect it's possible to have map instances where no one is bothering with the meta and actively played high meta level map instances co-existing at the same time. If the population is insufficient to force a new map instance to be created, then it defaults to the 'quiet times' failure state.

No worries, I'm enjoying the discussion / thought experiment.
Exactly. Failing an event doesn't have to be a punishment. It can just be a different sequence of events. Fail to stop raiders from destroying a dam? Okay, instead of an event where you go to the raiders HQ, you now have an event where you have to evacuate the nearby town, maybe even to repair the dam.

Or do something like push-pull events. The event has five stages. Fail one and you return to the previous stage. (I think there are some that work this way already.) 

Not all events have to be like that since consequences make sense for some events, but some could be, "Okay, time for Plan B." and not, "Okay, you screwed up. Are you happy now?"
A great Pre-event for Teq would be to either clean up the area (in the event of a fail), or to fortify and prepare it (in the event of a win).  Have one for each condition so the players who show up early have something to do.
I think one of the more demoralizing elements of a failed meta is the fact that the players have to wait for that event again.  With world bosses and scheduled metas that's not that big of a deal but with events that aren't on hard timers it's a pain in the rear - a fail spawning an (easier) event chain that would lead to an event respawn would be one way to address this.
Silverwastes has a broader fail condition - the RIBA points are all gassed out, which makes dinging their respective POIs and Vistas a bit more hassle.
Kessex is a little different, there in the centaur meta you prevent bandits from building the bridge so the centaurs can use it to attack, then you counter attack the centaurs, then you kill their boss.

Summary:
Failing an event doesn't have to be a punishment.
see also: failed Tequatl maps during off hours ._.
If you failed to stop them then a different chain of events would spawn than if you succeeded.
Really annoying to do that heart over there on a failed teq map.
Any time it fails, it falls back down a level.
Could always make it that you go through the "failed" chain to attempt the meta again.
Make those events played instead of forgotten?
Maybe make it not timed like every other event, but rather based on the completion of the failed chain to "clean up the mess".
I want to see some consequences to failing events other than after it all just vanish into a puff of thin air.
That’s what makes a failed meta feel ‘living’ to me.
