Original Response:
Cutting funding will do that, Malcolm.
This is the Liberal method in most things. 


1. slash funding to an unreasonable and unworkable level to undermine a public service's ability to function.


2. cause obvious and inevitable dysfunction in whichever public service you've targeted.


3. rail about how that public service is dysfunctional and suggest it needs to be disbanded/privatised/cut further to teach it a lesson.


4. blame Labor.
[deleted]
&gt; you put a bunch of loony lefties

This is just puerile.

Pull your socks up.
[deleted]
It's current state is because of years of Coalition attacks on it which aren't warranted, turned it into a clickbait tabloid.   

Bias isn't whether they are reporting against your interest, they have displayed not as much bias as is being gaslighted by the liberals and Nats. 

They focus on the ABC is completely and utterly pathetic.
They should learn a [lesson from the UK](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carillion), where the next step is to create a mega-corporation to handle all of the government contracts, send all of the money offshore, cut contracts to the bone, then watch as everything unravels and a whole lot of subcontractors go out of business.

This way one gets to fleece the Government, the public, pensioners, and small business, all in one fell swoop.
There are those who call it a smelly dumpster fire.

I call it my home.
&gt; loony lefties

Do some homework mate, I suggest you start by looking at the makeup of the ABC board.
[deleted]
Both sides complain about the other, so I think the balance might be just about right.

However there are some awesome trolls in aus, you might be outclassed.
Indeed if you cut funding to the ABC they will turn on you.
&gt; Do you find that there is a variance in political views amongst members

Hahaha
Yes u/cojoco and creating a situation of high staff turnover causes toxic workplaces - says much for ABC esprit de corps they’ve remained as strong as they have.
They learned alright, which is why Serco is already running immigration detention centres, prisons, NDIS call centres, Centrelink call centres, etc. And they [want more](https://www.crikey.com.au/2017/04/28/serco-wants-to-take-over-nsw-public-housing/).
I am /u/cojocojoco, /u/cocojocojo, /u/cojococojo, but not XXXXX.

Nor am I /u/cojerko
Are.. are you not paying attention to the story? 

The issue isn't that ABC have turned against the Liberals. The issue is that the ABC chairman has gone out of his way to fire people that speak against the Liberals.
What's that got to do with deteriorating standards from ABC journalists?
Because lower budget organisations produce lower quality content
Only if you don't know how to spend correctly.
I'm guessing that your definition of 'correctly' is to only produce content that praises the people who cut the budget, therebye restoring the funding that is necessary to produce quality content.

Because that's more or less what the chairman seems to have attempted.
No my defintion of correctly is by reducing wasteful costs such as high rent in locations, streamline back office services and reduce duplication. Review of procedures to ensure that time is used effectively and efficiently. 

I know it may be hard for an organisation that lives off a teat and just wants more money but it is possible to reduce costs without reducing content or the quality of it.
You can't relocate offices out of the city. That's how you lose talent and sacrifice quality. And I'm not sure you understand exactly how much has been defunded. There's only so much cutting and reviewing you can do. After a certain amount you start seeing declines in content.
&gt; You can't relocate offices out of the city. 

You certainly can find cheaper places either on the border of the CBD or even in the CBD to cheaper buildings. 

I am well aware of the "cuts" whereby it has been no new increase and thus considered a "cut".
&gt; I am well aware of the "cuts" whereby it has been no new increase and thus considered a "cut".

...What?

There has been almost $100 million cut since 2014.

What are you on about.
[removed]

Summary:
There's only so much cutting and reviewing you can do.
Indeed if you cut funding to the ABC they will turn on you.
Cutting funding will do that, Malcolm.
What are you on about.
The issue isn't that ABC have turned against the Liberals.
