Original Response:
This is censorship, plain and simple.
No, this is private businesses choosing who they do business with.  I believe the Supreme Court just made a ruling about this that the alt-right was quite happy about.  Too bad you can't cherry pick when you get to force someone into a business relationship, i guess?
He's free to use ANY other payment processor he likes, If it was censorship he wouldnt be able to use any,
Just like a baker refusing to serve someone right?!?!?!?! This is 100% different.  Keep ignoring it, you're next.
How is that different?
One is refusing to paint "Congratulations" on a rainbow colored cake, the other is refusing to provide financial transactions for someone who knowingly traffics in lies, conspiracy theories, and harassment.  Any support for him is to condone his treatment of the Sandy Hook parents, just as the baker believes that painting on that cake condones two men fornicating.  So, you are right.  They are different.  I may not agree with the baker, but his decision is based on a profound and honest belief in his religion.  Alex Jones' behavior is solely based, self-admittedly in a court of law, on greed.  He has no deep convictions.  He does what he does for the entertainment value of it, not because he thinks it is moving our country in any particular direction.  To support him is to support lying for profit, manipulation for money.   It is not free speech to trick people out of money.  Alex Jones is a con artist at the pinnacle of his career.  It's all downhill from here.
That makes no sense.  I don't think you understand what censorship is...
What's bad is when there is no publicly owned option where you were always free, instead of being forced to use a private service.

Oh, wait, that's the point of Bitcoin.

Why are you even reading /r/Bitcoin if you are so excited about private companies being able to control your money?
So paypal isnt allowed to choose who they do business with? You want to force paypal to run AJ's penis pill orders?

Nobody is stopping AJ from doing business, Paypal just doesnt want to fuck with him.

Stop crying.
Just pretend like every other major tech giant didn't censor him.  It's censorship, sorry.
You should make a point.

Say something like you believe AJ has a right to post on any website and, because he's AJ, he cant get kicked off by the owners. Otherwise, censorship.

What do you actually want?? The government to force Youtube and Paypal to host AJ stuff???

Seriously, is that what you want?
I want free speech.  Do you understand how slippery of a slope banning people for "hate speech" is? Who deems what speech is considered hateful??? It's not even about AJ
Its simple, on youtube, youtube decides. On your website you decide. Alex Jones has a website himself and will straight up ban you if he doesnt like your content.
Right.  I think YouTube (and all of the other tech giants) have become so a dominant platform that the censorship has real ramifications.  It's wrong.  Esspecially banning someone who us such an open critic of those very companies.
First they came for Alex Jones...
And then maybe other nutjobs that spout alt-ring conspiracy theories?
Troll bot
http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/Alex_Jones

He’s a lord of Douchebaggery. You and I have far more in common over a beer than any of his hateful and unfounded rhetoric.
Free speech. Get some.
I’m not a troll bot. I’m being serious, why allow the spread of conspiracy theories? They in no way benefit civil society.
Free speech that harms people with absurd conspiracy theories? It’s not healthy for our society. 
Also, free speech protects you from government censorship, not businesses.
Alt-right nutjobs love to scream "FREE SPEECH" but a lot of them would love to ban leftists.  
Free speech only when it's your speech.
how does free speech entitle you to access to a private platform after you violated their terms of service?
Free speech only protects you from the government
Oh you mean like Alex Jones's forums do.
Good. Fuck him. 

This is not a case of freedom of speech, this is a case of criminal harassment of people who lost their children.
Why allow people who are wrong at all? Anyone who says something that is wrong provides no benefit to society. Clearly it is detrimental to society when incorrect things spread. Similarly, why allow people who are immoral to spread their immoral viewpoints, and also, people who are obviously delusional, for example who have a ludicrous metaphysical views of the Universe, should not be allowed to promote those ideas. Ludicrous ideas do not benefit society.

In other words, why "allow" incorrect political, religious, ethical or false ideas at all? How do these benefit society?

...what... ? Who gets to define what ideas are incorrect, immoral etc? Why, the same people who gets to define "conspiracy theories" in your argument, of course!

(To clarify, because sarcasm is sometimes misunderstood here: I am being sarcastic above. It is not for you or someone else to "allow" what theories are to be spread).
I don't think you understand what the comment was referring to...
Where did this weird idea come from?

Free speech is an ideology that anyone can have, or reject.  It has nothing to do with any particular government.

I value free speech highly, which is why any community I participate in I strongly promote it.  And when it's not used as a goal, then I speak up.  Like in /r/bitcoin for example.  Which is very authoritarian and anti-free-speech.  Which harms everyone.
How would it not?

Reddit used to value free-speech highly, but now it doesn't.  That's a policy/ideology change.  You can make up any rules you want for how you interact with others, and one of those rules can be to protect the freedoms of everyone to say whatever they believe needs to be said, or you can make rules that allow censorship, and worse, to happen.
&gt; They in no way benefit civil society.

They absolutely do.  They help us see the whole of reality, and not be ignorant of large swathes of ideas and perspectives.  And all theories are important to consider, if you actually want to have a good model of reality.  All theories are based on evidence that has been collected by a brain.  If you dismiss evidence collected by some other brain, based on some bias of that brain, because it's not like your dataset, you are setting yourself up for failure.

It's like forcing everyone into Plato's cave.
Reddit is a private business. Similar to the home you live in. Someone's freedom of speech cannot trump your right to own your property. You have to understand that reddit and Co are NOT public spaces so you only have a privilege to express yourself in that space. No one is stopping you or anyone from expressing yourself in a public space. And no one is going to tolerate to be told to entertain calling murdered victims frauds on a PRIVATE platform they own. Alex is only concerned about his income. He can still say everything he wants on his website. He can tell parents that their kid never died and that their pain is a lie if he wants to. But if he wants to be given the privilege of using PRIVATE platforms(with high storage costs), he has to abide by the terms of services instead of acting like a thug.
That’s the most uneducated, short-sided response I’ve ever experienced come from another human. The man has no evidence for his claims. “Evidence” that he cooks up in his brain isn’t evidence. That’s his frantic imagination saying whatever he can to tell a false narrative and convince people he knows what he is talking about. A large portion of America aren’t very smart. Think of your average American’s intelligence, and then think that half of America is less intelligent than they are. A gullible segment of America would fall for this man’s bs just because that’s the reality that makes them “feel good”. It’s not healthy for the human mind to construct views of reality that do not exist. It leads to many of the issues we have in American society today, the ones that desperately need to be mended.
&gt; who gets to define what ideas are incorrect, immoral etc?


We do as a society. A society that follows science-based evidence with verifiable facts. You must be able to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that what you are claiming is true. That’s how our world works. Throwing out conspiracy theories that don’t hold water have no role in our society. Sure, they can stand on a street corner and shout their bs to the world, but the internet can’t be a place for this. We have too many gullible Americans and the harmful rhetoric used by AJ isn’t healthy for their brains. It could very easily lead to violence and mistrust that wouldn’t have existed without his outlandish theories.
I am perfectly aware of what you are referring to.

Targetted harassment is not part of freedom of speech.
In your opinion. But that doesn’t make banning it the answer
Literally the definition of fiat and these noobs don’t get that
Freedom of speech is freedom to speak whatever you want.  Period.

I think you're confusing certain laws with actual freedom of speech, which is an ideology, not a law.
The problem is that there aren't enough public spaces.

Without the freedom to think and feel and say and be who you are, you will be harmed and naturally become dangerous.  

That's the worse thing we can do in the world.  To repress people.

And I think you missed the whole point of this post.  Bitcoin is the solution to having a public monetary processor, so that private companies don't have control over what you do with your money.
You’re too obvious when you use words like ‘allow the spread of conspiracy theories..’ and ‘civil society’

Those are bait words. Too obvious. Your troll bot friend reply is also telling.
I’m in no way a bot. I’m a fucking human.
&gt;We do as a society

But you are not talking about "a society" banning it. A society wield to power of banning. It wields the power of shaming and discouraging, but you're talking about banning.

Banning is something that requires the power of government, which is not the same as society. Society is "everyone". Government is "some". Even if you assume democracy, government is still reduced to the 50% most powerful, in a best case scenario that is rarely the case. In a representative democraticv system it is much much lower.

Don't speak of "society" when you clearly mean "the elites in charge".
Society wields the power to ignore it or boycott it. In turn, the people the conspiracy theories are being held up by collapse, in fear that it will hurt their bottom dollar from customer boycotts. 

Banning, doesn’t require a government, it can be done by the people through collective action and majority rule.

Summary:
Free speech only when it's your speech.
Free speech only protects you from the government.
Also, free speech protects you from government censorship, not businesses.
Free speech that harms people with absurd conspiracy theories?
It is not free speech to trick people out of money.
I don't think you understand what censorship is...
A society wield to power of banning.
How do these benefit society?
It's not even about AJ.
Banning is something that requires the power of government, which is not the same as society.
Ludicrous ideas do not benefit society.
We do as a society.
It is not for you or someone else to "allow" what theories are to be spread).
Reddit is a private business.
Why allow people who are wrong at all?
Freedom of speech is freedom to speak whatever you want.
