Original Response:
Say you have a button in front of you. You know that if you press it, the mechanics behind the button will cause a bear suddenly be compelled to come out of some nearby trees and eat somebody. If you do not press it, the bear doesn't eat anybody. You can be certain of this because a trustworthy, omniscient being told you so in this thought experiment.

If you press it, it's clear that you bear responsibility for this event, as you knew that pressing the button would result in deaths, and you knew you could refrain from pressing it and hence advert the situation altogether.

Let's look at another button. You know that if you press this button, the mechanics behind the button will cause a bird to drop a coin onto the bears head, and then the bear will be moved off course and eat somebody. If you do not press it, the bird doesn't drop the coin, and the bear doesn't eat anybody. You can be certain of this because a trustworthy, omniscient being told you so in this thought experiment.

If you press it, it's clear that you bear responsibility for this event, as you knew that pressing the button would result in deaths, and you knew you could refrain from pressing it and hence advert the situation altogether. Clearly, making the bad outcome indirect does nothing to absolve you of responsibility.

Let's look at one more button. You know that if you press this button the mechanics behind the button will cause a person to be born, who will decide tame a bear and make it eat somebody. You can be certain of this because a trustworthy, omniscient being told you so in this thought experiment.

If you press it, it's clear that you do *not* bear responsibility for this event, as you knew that pressing the button would result in deaths, and you knew you could refrain from pressing it and hence advert the situation altogether, but the human freely chose to tame the bear and make it it eat people of his own free will, and all you did was create him....

Wait, what?

What happened here? Why does the technicality of how the bad thing results matter when it comes to responsibility? You enabled him to do it while *knowing* with omniscient certainty that he would do it. Whether or not he metaphysically "could" have done something else, or whether you decided his action instead of him doesn't matter.

I posit that this general scenario of "you do X knowing that bad event Y will happen if you do, and knowing that it will not happen if you don't press X" cannot be altered in any way at all to absolve you of responsibility. No introduction of delayed or indirect effects, or even libertarian free will can change anything.

The *only* thing that matters is that fact that you knowingly enabled the bad result. And hence an omniscient God that created everything bears responsibility for everything that happens, both good and bad, regardless of free will and whether he personally decided "okay, I'm going to make this guy tame a bear and make it eat people".

Even if the guy is metaphysically "the one who made the choice to tame and use the bear", God is *also* responsible for it because he created the person knowing that the guy would do it.

Summary:
If you do not press it, the bear doesn't eat anybody.
You can be certain of this because a trustworthy, omniscient being told you so in this thought experiment.
