Original Response:
He has always been a limited hangout. A sleeper cell now awakened. His behaviour now will make the censorship of him justified in the public eye, and then they can start taking out real journalists without anyone questioning it.
&gt; His behaviour now will make the censorship of him justified in the public eye, and then they can start taking out real journalists without anyone questioning it.

You're correct, except it's already began and is happened/ing... Dudes a shill.

Edit: FYI, Jones is the same guy who brought us documentaries like "police state", "police state 2000", and "9/11: Road to Tyranny"... Go watch them, they are worth the view... But imagine if Obama did this and what Jones's reaction would have been?  "**DUDES A SHILL!**"
&gt;But imagine if Obama did this and what Jones's reaction would have been? 

Yep. Exactly right.  I actually responded to someone here with the same exact line of thinking. If the NYT and WaPo had suggested that Obama do these things, it would have (rightfully so) been a huge scandal.

Anyone suggesting that any President declare martial law is absolutely, certifiably insane and should be shunned.
That's it!  
I've been trying to figure out the game they were playing with AJ.
Thank you
AJ's recent attention paints all 'conspiracy theorists' as loonies in the public eye. That is the point. And he serves as a 'cautionary tale' that 'conspiracy theorists' won't be given a voice.
But for who?
By "who", do you mean who would actually pay him to act the way he does?
Especially through executive order... I've been bitching abou EO's since Bush... So has Jones... But apparently I haven't stopped, even if I agree with the premise of the action.
What group / power structure or person is directing command and control directives to AJ in order to steer his influence?

Show me the money trail.
&gt;even if I agree with the premise of the action.

Wait, you agree with the premise that declaring martial law is necessary?
No, that the executive order is investigating the major tech firms on anti trust laws.  This shit should have been happening without an Executive Order, starting some time around Enron.  With that said, I still think they need to be investigated, but I don't agree with the executive order... Never have.
Let me look at his books 1st?  Fat chance imo, but there has been plenty of FBI informants who have been on the take over the years.  Look at Hal Turner, the white supremacists radio host who argued in court he was an informant for the FBI... Similar to alot of folks.
Ok, I'm sorry I misunderstood that. I totally agree with you that these companies should be investigated, especially when it was revealed they were discussing  their algorithms to "resist" and sway public opinion.  

I think the executive order was likely a last ditch effort by Trump after Congress held their meetings about it and did nothing.  I'm not a big fan of EO myself, but at least I'm theory they are open to scrutiny by the Federal courts. There's at least some checks and balances there, even if they seemed to ignore all of Obama's.
No worries, I'm against EO inherently because it by passes Congress, and weren't initially meant to care such weight.  With that said, I agree in principle, but disagree with function.
Yeah, but who gives a shit about this Hal guy.

Where is the irrefutable proof AJ is on the take or taking directions from anyone other than his own self interest. The opinion said over and over but no hard facts.  Just to damn difficult I guess.

If anyone had the goods his ex wife would say some shit about him. She doesn't connect him to Israeli puppet masters.  Zionists etc.  George soros is badhed like every other day. Infowars isnt the only new media bashing the new world order stuff either.
&gt;Where is the irrefutable proof AJ is on the take or taking directions from anyone other than his own self interest. 

If you have watched him over the past 20 years and don't think he's on the take... Than by all means, keep sucking his cock for all I care.  Good luck pal!
He takes my money for sure. Once again so does every other businessman offering a service, ptoduct, or whatever a consumer is interested in buying.

I suck on his supplements from time to time. Pretty damn good and comprable to wholefoods stuff. Do likewise for less. 
His stuff was tested and legit.

What news source in your eyes is totally legit, un biased, not sucking big corp cock for funding?

Name them.

I can only think of newsbusters and sharyl atkisson.
Good to hear!  Best of luck.
So no 2018 proof he is a schill. Just an opinion. Gotcha.
If you're a 2017 or 18 listener, and have no problems taking info without questioning the motives... Have at it, I couldn't care less.  Good luck out there!
He didn’t even write it. Natural News did.

Summary:
&gt;even if I agree with the premise of the action.
His behaviour now will make the censorship of him justified in the public eye, and then they can start taking out real journalists without anyone questioning it.
But imagine if Obama did this and what Jones's reaction would have been?
&gt; His behaviour now will make the censorship of him justified in the public eye, and then they can start taking out real journalists without anyone questioning it.
He takes my money for sure.
I suck on his supplements from time to time.
If anyone had the goods his ex wife would say some shit about him.
