Original Response:
[removed]
The real fuck up was not bringing high school shenanigans to the party.

Wet paper towel, throw paper towel into used stall, win win... profit some where.
What kind of bathrooms are you using that still has paper towels???
The kind that don't have the 3 sea shells. ... What bathrooms are you using future person? (paper towels can be anything that can be damped and thrown.)
Wtf i live in Silicon Valley where Id like to think we’re the first people to get stupidly unnecessary innovations and all of our bathrooms still have paper towels. The only ones that dont are the suuuper seedy ones where people are probably just gonna steal the paper.
the kind where I actually get to have dry hands.
r/unexpected_demolitionman
All of the bathrooms in my area, aside from those in homes, have shitty hand dryer things. No paper towels.
Everywhere in my area has gone paperless. Shitty hand dryers all around. I hate it.
What do you wipe your bum with?
Tp. But that isn't ideal for drying hands
Yeah, so ... damp it with water and huck that mother fucker!
What school do you go to where 30 students is a small class?? Smallest class I ever had was 2 students. Second smallest was 10.
Usually if it is 2, the course would just be cancelled from a lack of attendance at my school. The smallest I’ve had was 15 and that was because 6-7 dropped the class within the drop period
Pretty much any school that isn’t a small private school?
Well the average class at my uni is 250, so 30 students lecture is really small in comparison.
At my school the average class size is somewhere around 100-200 lol. Only honors classes get small sizes like that!
Thats because you've only taken bullshit general ed courses so far dude.
Someone's rich.
Well, to be fair, the classroom was really tiny and could only seat about 5 or 6 people. 2 was the expected number of attendees.
Geez, where do you hold the classes? A football stadium?
Nope, it was not an honors class. Just basic Creative Writing.
Ha! I wish! This was at a community college!
That awkward moment when I have to tell you that I have never attended a private school, only a community college.
Where do you live? Auditorium are specially made for this kind of class. They can accommodate hundreds of people. It's super common in most universities to have 100+ students in a class. In Canada at least.
US. But I'm not sure how that'll tell you anything important.
I have a class with 6 students total, including me. If one of us drops out, then the next class in this series of classes will get canceled. It's going to be just the 6 of us until the end of the final class. Nobody else wanted to move on, since the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th class in the series aren't mandatory. The class getting canceled is a very scary thing for all of us.
My 400 level class have 30-60 students on average, never had anything lower than that, so I really don't think so
Dude your history has freshman written all over it.
Lol like a reddit history is a good metric for my university level.

Nice assumption, but no. I'm in my third year.

Summary:
What school do you go to where 30 students is a small class??
Smallest class I ever had was 2 students.
What kind of bathrooms are you using that still has paper towels??
The class getting canceled is a very scary thing for all of us.
I have a class with 6 students total, including me.
