Original Response:
[deleted]
The first iteration of the game is still running so take a wild guess :).
Haha okay thanks :)
What do you mean by "first iteration"? Do you mean Guild Wars 1? (English is not my nativr language and "iteration" doesn't really make sense to me in that context when translated)
yes, first iteration would be the first game they (developers) made.
I wouldn't use the word "iteration" when talking about a sequel, at least not when the games are as wildly different as GW1 and GW2. For something like Counter Strike, maybe.
You do you.
It's not me, it's the dictionary.
Conflating a word definition with your own personal biased take on it is hardly something I'd call

&gt;dictionary

As I said, you do you.
eh just googling the word

&gt;a new version of a piece of computer hardware or software.

would gw2 qualify as a new version of gw1 if the engine the world and the lore are reused?

Fucking edgelord
Lol, GW2 is not a new version of GW1, it's completely different. Sure, the engine is based on GW1's, but saying they're "the same" is like saying that a car is the same after you've replaced everything but the chassis.
That's a nice way of saying "fuck you".
A new iteration of something, anything by definition makes it different. For a guy using a dictionary you aren't very sharp.
Yes.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
&gt;it's like saying at car...

are you retarded? car companies change cars components internally with the exact same looks outside and the exact same model name **all the fucking time**

Youre a waste of oxygen
Even if they did, what does that have to do with my analogy? It's not the same car if you replace everything but one component, regardless of what you call it. God you're so dumb it hurts.
You're right that "iteration" really isn't the best term for GW1, since GW2 is not exactly an iteration on GW1 but an entirely new game. But, it's good enough for native English speakers to figure out at least, which are the majority of reddit users. That said, it would have been better to have just said "Guild Wars 1 is still running 14yrs later so I'm pretty sure Guild Wars 2 will last another 4-5yrs", or something like that.
[deleted]
I feel like calling someone a fucking edgelord is in itself being a fucking edgelord. Ah shit now I'm an edgelord
Thanks for the clarification

Summary:
Lol, GW2 is not a new version of GW1, it's completely different.
What do you mean by "first iteration"?
A new iteration of something, anything by definition makes it different.
