Original Response:
Non-Canadians shouldn't be getting all the benefits that Canadians have paid into.  This just encourages people to enter the country illegally.
Even those ones who pay taxes?
No.  If they want Canadian benefits with the taxes that they pay, let them attain Canadian PR.


They're getting way more from Canada than they pay in taxes anyway.

They can't just jump a fence and get everything that Canadians get.  True globalism doesn't exist.

Canadians are starting to turn against immigration.  Let's not speed up that process.
Whoa, whoa, hold on. Permanent Residents are non-Canadians too. I actually meant them in the first place.
You're comparing honest people that went through a formal process to people that entered illegally.

Don't move the goalposts please.
I don't. You said "non-Canadians", I pointed out that PR's are non-Canadians too, so why you think they shouldn't be eligible even though they pay taxes?
What if the child is Canadian?
Beats me.  What's your favorite color?
The subject of the thread is non-permanent residents and non Citizens.
[deleted]
That is another debate currently ongoing. Being born in Canada also shouldn't guarantee you citizenship automatically from an immigrating family.
The title of the post even says "non-permanent". Permanent residents should qualify as well as natural citizens. "Non-permanent" carries with it the possibility that people may be here as a free ride on the system. At the University of Manitoba the student union made international student tuition and health insurance an issue as if they should have cheaper access to the school and health coverage along with most other students. That shit don't fly honestly. Save for those who can guarantee that they want to stay here and are not likely to seek employment elsewhere or fly home as soon as they are done their schooling, what's to say international students deserve access to our benefits from healthcare? Unless they are paying an artificially inflated premium on insurance, international students would in practice have equal coverage as everyone else and that includes people who may already be waiting a long time for services in our already backlogged medical system. Just in the case of this university, international students should be paying far more than natural citizens or permanent residents for tuition *and* healthcare in order to subsidize our system in favour of Canadians who are already here and may need care sooner. The same logic applies to tuition since the higher costs deter more international students from soaking up spots that might otherwise go to other Manitobans. If we were to provide equal coverage and tuition, we would lose numerous spots to people **already in Canada** because there are far more people in the rest of the world than there are Canadians. Could we realistically expect equal opportunity for education and tuition costs in Japan, China, or South Korea as we could in Canada? No, that's why people come here because it's nice and relatively cheap even compared to the US as international students. We have to have the artificial barrier to limit people because we cannot realistically expect the same welcoming economy of education elsewhere.

The same thing goes for non-permanent residents who are already exempt from our healthcare system.
That debate may go on. But the current law says those kids are Canadian citizens.
Right, which is not the same as non-Canadians from your comment above. So, in your original comment you made a mistake merging all categories together and downvoted me for pointing it out. Good job, dude.
I never said anything about PR holders.

If you want to go on and on about PR holders, start a new thread.

Summary:
Permanent Residents are non-Canadians too.
That debate may go on.
Even those ones who pay taxes?
Non-Canadians shouldn't be getting all the benefits that Canadians have paid into.
