Original Response:
So I made an app to allow DNA powered mod users to control and monitor their mod from their phone. Here it is:

[DNAMate](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.raverrr.dnamate) 

10 comments from this post will be selected at random this Saturday at 8 pm. Winners will be contacted directly by myself and given 2 codes to get the app for free. One for you, one for a friend. 

One entry per person only. 

All you have to do is comment.
Upvote optional but appreciated :) 

GL!

Note for android 9 users: as of now the app is optimized for android 8 and below. 9 will be supported when they fix it.
If only I could do this with the iPhone.  

Looks sahweet!
was thinking the same ravin!
Sorry android dev only... Might have a look at porting it at some point. Thanks
iPhone user? You have my sympathies.
no doubt.  but at this point I have just too much shit on this phone to switch to android.
Is there an app to help transfer everything?

Edit: Because iPhone's don't take SD cards, right?
i know there is something for photos and musice etc.  but its the app man.
[deleted]
Transferring data is easy. Apps not so much.
I like a phone that differs from your own, huzzah! grow up mate.
The only responses I have for you are pretty mean, so I'll keep them to myself.
But muh phone!
lol you're talking shit.

Androids are good.

Iphones are good.

But apple is the only company that actually stands up to government in any way, and I will pay a premium to support that.

^(the actual phones &amp; platform are neck &amp; neck though. it's a great and healthy market, consumers are really lucking out for once.)
Jeeze, I was just fucking around. I definitely prefer Android over iOS, but I know people use iPhone's and I know that people like iPhone's. To compare it to vaping: Android to me is building your own coils, iPhone is buying stock coils for subohm tanks. Both have their uses, neither is wrong. Not that serious, really.

Summary:
but at this point I have just too much shit on this phone to switch to android.
If only I could do this with the iPhone.
but its the app man.
I like a phone that differs from your own, huzzah!
