Original Response:
~~Most likely a CB750 that has a lot of custom work done. Late 70's to early 80's.~~

Nevermind, been shown I was wrong. 

Gotta wonder, could they cook some pizza rolls in the bag with it on the exhaust like that?
Honda stopped using kickstarters in the 80s so just 70s.
&gt; Most likely a CB750

Nope
No saying you are wrong, but from that how can you tell it's a 550 and not a 750?
Engine looks completely different. CB500/550 has those distinctive end caps, whereas the 750 has a smooth rocker cover enclosing everything. CB750's engine is more inclined forward. Other detail differences.
You are normally more knowledgeable on the UJMs than most on this sub, so thanks for the explanation.
You're welcome. I just scrolled down the list of answers, rapidly typing three 'Nope's followed by a 'Yep'. Quickest way of settling it.

The CB550 was developed into the CB650, which was effectively a new engine using the original bore centres. Revised top end, and a really, really good bike. Much better than the SOHC CB750s - I wish I'd kept mine. Bu the world is full of bikes we wish we'd kept.
FWIW, my 88/89 Honda GB400 has both electric and kickstart from factory, so they didn't completely get rid of it.
That's interesting. When I was looking into why my 81 didn't have a kickstarter I read that they nixed them starting in 80. I'd like to know which models kept it.
My '13 Honda has a Kickstarter.
Either it was a custom model, or added later. Kickstarters were definitly not Hondas standard fare in 2013.
I can assure you it's not a custom model, lol. It's a 125, not a lot to it.

They probably only ditched the kickstarters on bigger models, since a lot of their new 110-160cc models have kickstarters, as far as I can see from their website.
... is it a dirt bike? Because that's a completely different story
It's in my flare, 2013 CB125E. And the models I'm talking about are all street bikes. 

Check it out yourself if you want: https://motos.honda.com.co/ (it's in spanish but it's pretty self-explanatory.)
It's a Honda.
Yep!

CB500 Four or 550 Four. The engines are outwardly identical.
Agreed, looks like a 550f circa 76/77
Agreed. Love the way I get downvoted for disagreeing with the ignorant :-)

EDIT: the F had a flush flap over the filler cap, though. So did the final K version. I've owned three Fs and a K in my time - lovely bikes, but the Fs were thirsty bastards.
It looks like the tank has knee dents, might be a 500t tank.
That's a damn good call. I think that's what it is.

The 500T was a horrible bike. I bought three.
A friend's girlfriend bought one from a "mechanic" that was sitting on Craigslist forever. I'm still trying to make it run right.
It'll be the carbs. Total and lengthy ultrasonic cleaning is the only answer. And throw away the bloody awful points ignition system and fit electronic. And try and set the valve clearances correctly with those appalling eccentric rocker shaft adjusters.

The CB450 was an advanced bike for its day, but it bristled with experimental tech that Honda never used again. The 500 was just disastrous.

&amp;#x200B;
The PO fitted 32mm mikunis to it. I hesitate to say vm32 because the stampings don't match for vm32, Google points to them coming off of a 70s 2 stroke snowmobile. It ran so poorly I fouled the plugs in the 4 miles from his house to mine. We've gone back to stock carbs and airboxes. Runs a ton better but needs a bit of fine tuning still.
hey, if you were looking to do a build on a 70's honda street bike, which bikes would you pick?
&gt;It ran so poorly I fouled the plugs in the 4 miles from his house to mine

Same problem with mine, on stock carbs.
I wouldn't. "Build" seems to signify "rip shit off it, fit plant seat, dropped bars and wrap the pipes"

Maybe a little single - a 125, because they're fun and I have seen some lovely customised ones and even racers. Besides, there's too little to fuck up on them.

My personal pick wouldn't be a Honda at all - it'd be a Yamaha XS650 twin.
Copy... and thanks!

Summary:
I think that's what it is.
Honda stopped using kickstarters in the 80s so just 70s.
It's a 125, not a lot to it.
My '13 Honda has a Kickstarter.
The 500T was a horrible bike.
I'd like to know which models kept it.
