Original Response:
[removed]
That's extremely immature behaviour. He can not like a haircut, tell you so, and take a little while to get used to it, but cutting off his own beard just to spite you is ridiculous. He also shouldn't be ignoring you as some sort of weird punishment over something like a haircut. Tell him to get over it, and if he can't then leave him so he can find someone with a haircut he likes.
&gt;but cutting off his own beard just to spite you is ridiculous.

Was it just to spite her?  Or had he been keeping the beard at her request/insistence because *she* liked how he looked with it? (which, based on the context, I'm thinking is probably the case.)  If that's the case, I can see why he would no longer want to go through the hassle of maintaining it for her.
&gt; Or had he been keeping the beard at her request/insistence because she liked how he looked with it?

From the post: 

&gt;I laughed it off and said it won't matter to me what he does with his face, after all he's to live with it.

Maybe you are right, but it's not the impression I got.
&gt;I laughed it off and said it won't matter to me what he does with his face, after all he's to live with it.

Does the post read like someone who laughed it off?
This post isn't just about her boyfriend shaving, she seems upset that a minor change in her looks seems to have such a large impact on her boyfriend.
I mean he told her what he would do if she cut her hair off. Not sure why she's surprised. It's not fair that he doesn't like it, but it is what it is. He should just leave her if that's his preference.
I didn't really believe him when he said that, which is why I laughed it off. Thought it was too petty, and he's probably just trying a last ditch attempt to keep me from going for the haircut. I _am_ surprised he did go through with it. Should I bring up breaking up for something as trivial as a haircut?
If he continues to verbally abuse you about it, yes.
Fair enough. I'll just see how quickly he gets used to it (or not). Thanks.
[deleted]
If he doesn't like it, there are plenty of other men who'll love it.
&gt; petty 

1. making things, events, or actions normal people dismiss as trivial or insignificant into excuses to be upset, uncooperative, childish, or stubborn.
I feel like you think she’s upset that he shaved his beard when what she’s actually upset about is how immature and spiteful he’s being.
No, break up with him because he's demonstrating manipulative, rude and spiteful behaviour over something as trivial as a haircut.

There are plenty of mature things he could do. He could tell you it isn't to his taste, instead of "It looks so bad". He could wait to see if his preferences change over time. He could ask you nicely if you would be willing to grow it back out for him. If it's truly a deal-breaker for both of you then he could have an adult conversation about it and make decisions accordingly.

It might result in you breaking up, for sure... but this behaviour pretty much guarantees it anyway.
You wouldn't be breaking up over a haircut. You'd be breaking up over the unacceptable way that he's treating you (in response).
Fact!  I've never gotten hit on as much as I did when I had a pixie cut.  Lots of dudes are super into that.
[deleted]
It's possible to think someone looks worse without a beard, but also not minding if they decide to shave it off.
It's the combination of the cold sholder, passive aggression, rude comments, and the shaving as the boyfriend's attempt at a "payback" for her doing what she wants with her hair. Imo, it doesn't matter how minor of a thing it is, if my partner does something specifically to try to spite me, it's gonna be upsetting regardless.
Just what "context" gave you that idiotic idea?

Summary:
It's not fair that he doesn't like it, but it is what it is.
Or had he been keeping the beard at her request/insistence because *she* liked how he looked with it?
I _am_ surprised he did go through with it.
&gt; Or had he been keeping the beard at her request/insistence because she liked how he looked with it?
