Original Response:
Four weeks ago from today, I (21,F) got really drunk. I drank in my room, then I met my friends A and B at a bar and had an "Irish trashcan" there. Then, A and I went to another bar to meet some of her work friends around 1 am. 3 people bought me a shot there and I was out of it. When I was sitting with A and her work friends, this guy introduced himself to me as “C” so I said hi. I thought he was really cute.

We were all getting ready to leave the bar because it was probably closing time and everyone was going to this diner so I said, "I wanna go!”. As everyone was getting ready to leave I said to the guy C (24, M), “Can I give you a kiss on the cheek?” because I thought he was attractive. So then a bunch of people said “oh we’re gonna go to this diner” and i was said “oh ok!” And he says “burner9997, you can ride with me!” And I said, “oh okay are you sure you’re ok to drive?” And he said, “yeah. I only had 2 beers” (and he’s probably like 6’1” 170 lbs so that’s nothing and he was going to drive home anyway). So anyway we’re walking to his car and he says, all of a sudden, “Wait the cops are out and they just drove past us 4 times because we both stumbled, let’s not drive somewhere” so I say, “Oh okay..”.

So we put our arms around each other and walk around the town and then we go to this cemetery and I can’t remember who initiated this but we start making out on the grass and he started fingering me and I said, “stop” and he would stop for a little then just keep going at it. And I had to tell him “stopstopstopstopstoppleasestop” so he would stop. So then we walked some more, I was holding on to him because I could barely walk, but he kept saying “let’s go back to your dorm, I can make you feel so good” and i kept saying, “no” and he said, “come on” and I’m said, “no my roommates are gonna think badly of me” and then he wore me down and I said, “when we go back we’re just gonna hang out and talk, right” and he said “yeah”. While we were walking, the whole time he said, ‘WHO ARE YOU TEXTING? WHAT ARE YOU TEXTING A? LET ME SEE? WHERE’S YOUR PHONE? WHAT’S YOUR PHONE PASSWORD????????” We get in the door to my room and he said “I want to see you naked” and starts unstrapping my sandals. So we get naked.  And he said “let me rub my dick on your pussy” and I remember crossing my legs because I didn’t want him to enter me. But I said “okay yeah you can” But like he just kept rubbing his dick closer and closer to my vagina and I was said “what are you doing?” And this is crazy but I was thinking to myself “Well, he’s so close to my vagina anyway maybe I’m already not a virgin because of this so I might as well let him do it” so I said “okay you can put it in”. We had sex. When we were like having sex I said “stop” and he stopped moving but he kept his penis inside of me. Then, 30 seconds later he said “well. gotta go head out.” I wanted him to stay so I asked him to go again and he did. Afterwards, he said “don’t tell anybody ever about this. everything we did was consensual right?” and i was like “well i was kind of drunk and you were rubbing it close to my vagina” and he was like “well i was drunk too remember i had 2 beers tonight (THIS WAS HOURS BEFORE)” and i was like “well okay”..

He then started telling me about how I can’t tell anyone ever because he’s applying to get a job as an adjunct professor at my school (he didn't even finish college when I checked his Facebook days afterwards). Afterwards because I was drunk I asked “Did we have sex?” (Like I was 99.59% sure we did but I wanted to see what he said) And he said “...No” .

And I’m like “shut the fuck up yes we did”. And we did. He then made a major point to tell me “PLEASE DONT TELL A . If A asks you, this is what you’re gonna tell her: I dropped you off at your dorm, that’s it”. Anyway, I asked him before he left if I could give him a hug and a kiss, I blacked out if we did or not, and I remember hearing the door to the hallway closing and then I passed out and woke up in my own blood (I was on my period) 5 hours later.

I'e just felt really bad about this for weeks and I'm not sure if it was assault but it just hasn't sat right with me and it's all I've been able to think about.
This reminds me a lot of another post here posted multiple times.

Interesting.
[deleted]
I posted this in /rape and also /offmychest
Is that okay? I'm not sure how reddit works, are you allowed to post things in different subs?
Someone has been posting a lot of variations on a post that basically says "I was a virgin doing a lot of sexual things and he was rubbing on me and put the tip of his penis in me is this sexual assault?"
Okay, that wasn't me! He didn't put just the tip inside of me. I posted these tonight. Were those before tonight?
Yep.  on different days and in different variations.

So how do you feel?
That wasn't me, I promise. 

And feel about what?
I've used reddit twice. Once whenever I asked a question on whether or not I could have a nose ring for my career, this was in 2017 and this is the other time.
About the experience.  Do you feel assaulted?
Yes. I was in no place to make the decision to have sex and he was sober enough to drive while I was blacking out. I said no repeatedly and stop but he kept going, too.
I'm sorry that happened to you.

if you feel it would help you or any other woman you can certainly report it to the police and see if they are willing to follow up on it.
Okay! Based on what I told you, do you think they would think that it was sexual assault? I'm honestly not sure if I'm going to go through with reporting it.
If you don't want to report it don't.  If you feel strongly about it go for it.

It's up to you and ultimately it's more about you being believed by the police or a prosecuting attorney.

Summary:
So how do you feel?
I said no repeatedly and stop but he kept going, too.
And I had to tell him “stopstopstopstopstoppleasestop” so he would stop.
I'm honestly not sure if I'm going to go through with reporting it.
When we were like having sex I said “stop” and he stopped moving but he kept his penis inside of me.
If you feel strongly about it go for it.
