Original Response:
New soon to be Mom here from Canada.

My history:
- complained to doctor about my hormones and got:
- bloodwork
- abdominal ultrasounds 
- EKG tests
- Vaginal untradounds
Price: Free - I got diagnosed with PCOS

Then I had a miscarriage, all blood work and 3 internal ultrasounds.. free. 

Then I had more ultrasounds for my next cycles for monitoring.. free

Then I got another miscarriage... here we go with more blood work and ultrasounds. This time I paid $70 for a special blood test. 

Then I go to a fertility clinic and do more blood work and ultrasounds. I paid $50 for pills, rest was free

I finally got pregnant and I have ultrasounds every 2-3 weeks to check on growth. My genetic testing was free too. Gestational diabetes tests free.

I have lots of women who are in my friend circle from the states that only get 1 or 2 ultrasounds max each pregnancy. The genetic testing is $500-$1000 for them so many don’t even do them! 

I’m SO glad to be in Canada. Having fertility issues is hard enough! 

Edit to add:

Yes taxes here are expensive but it’s worth it. My mom and dad also have health issues. My mom has cerosis of the liver and diabetes. My dad has sick kidneys and will need surgery. I won’t have to pay for anything. The only time I helped pay was when I was 24 and I paid $400 a month for my moms medication because she was not on ontario disability program yet. On a $40,000 salary supporting my brother and my mom who was sick just put me in debt.

Things worked out financially eventually after I sold my condo and paid off my debt. But at least I never had to worry about paying for tests and surgeries. Can’t imagine what kind of ruin I’d be in!
None of that was free, you just didn't pay the bill or at least not directly.

Edit for clarity.
Holy shit all that is super expensive
I’ve had two miscarriages and needed surgery (D&amp;C) because of complications following them both. I don’t want to imagine going through the grief and strain of that *and* adding a several-thousand dollar medical bill at the end of it. Even with insurance you still need to cover the deductible.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
not really.  US insurance/hospitals just mark things up to insane levels compared to what they really cost.
Genetic testing was going to be $1200 for us, also live in Illinois.
Not a perfect comparison, as the taxes for Canadian health care will also cover anything else you're dealing with besides the birth stuff
just throw your income into https://www.ey.com/ca/en/services/tax/tax-calculators-2018-personal-tax and pick the province you want to live in.  It'll tell you your after tax income.   Of course there are ways to reduce the tax paid but they all involve either saving for retirement (RRSP) or donating...  There are also deductions for dependants.
How can I move to Canada, please?
[deleted]
All the best to your little family!!
You betcha.
[deleted]
My brother was in a debilitating accident and after all the surgeries and the month long hospital stay they moved him to a rehabilitation center - all for free! My family couldn't have paid for a fraction of the procedures he had, let alone the hospital stays and rehab had we lived in the US. So glad to be Canadian!
so quick question. cause im just starting my own Healthcare insurance cause im aging out.

1)is this government run or do you have separate companies?

2)where do you feel the cost from this (from paycheck taxes? sales tqxes? etc)?

3)what are those horror stories ive heard about it taking 6 months for a massive lifesaving surgery or similar important situation?

4)what happens if you arent covered/doctor doesn't tak the insurance/similar situation (like here to get a single tooth denture is considered cosmetic vs an entire mouth is medical)
[deleted]
Hope you can enjoy the rest of your pregnancy and sending best wishes to you, greenandseven!
Downs, SD, and ALS. Our insurance wouldn’t cover any of it and that was the flat rate. They said we could work with them for payments, and maybe a single income slide. We decided against it.
Yeah I always here from Americans that my taxes must be really high  but they're not that bad.  Besides, I've had the birth of 2 kids, 1 broken arm, at least a dozen ER trips for sprains, stitches, head injuries,... and 4 years of specialist testing and treatment for a serious disease between myself, my wife and my 2 kids.   Easily makes up for the slightly higher taxes.
[deleted]
I just want to say good luck! Hope everything g works out happy and safe for you and the little one eventually.
It's not free though. You're paying for it with your taxes. The difference is its going to hurt the poor people the most because the government doesn't care about the people.

They care about themselves. Even w the ones pushing socialized Healthcare.

I know I'm going to get banned saying this but I think the realistic solution is to stop the government getting involved in it.

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2c/Medicare_Parts_A_B_C_D.png/1920px-Medicare_Parts_A_B_C_D.png

This is the GDP of Medicare parts A-D. About 4%.

https://www.statista.com/statistics/217097/medicaid-spending-and-forecast-in-the-us-as-a-percentage-of-the-gdp/#0

This is medicaid. 2.1%.

https://www.cbpp.org/research/federal-budget/policy-basics-where-do-our-federal-tax-dollars-go

With the rest of the subsidies and CHIP.

U.S. health care spending grew 4.3 percent in 2016, reaching $3.3 trillion or $10,348 per person.  As a share of the nation's Gross Domestic Product, health spending accounted for 17.9 percent.

https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/NationalHealthExpendData/NationalHealthAccountsHistorical.html

Now that's how much is costs right now, medicare/medicaid/chip/and subsidies are hardly as comprehensive or all encompassing as completely "free" Healthcare. Canadians pay 45% of their income in taxes.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2017/08/07/canadians-may-pay-more-taxes-than-americans-but-theres-a-catch.html

So the question is, how much do most of you make? (the example will be for single people and going up to 91k because I want to give a fair example of the average American that worries about money) 

The lowest tax bracket in the U.S. is 10%. For $0-$9k, and 15% for $9k-$37k. 25% for $37k-$91k. Plus state taxes, and sales taxes. 

This gets way more advanced because of provinces and its more complicated than states.

So I'll do their federal.

Canada pays 15% for 45k and under, 20% 45k - 91k.

So their poorer people actually pay more in taxes than Americans and the people who are sick pay extra in America. Usually the hospitals work out payment plans or lower the price for those without insurance because they know they're not going to get money out of them. So usually it's middle class paying way more to hospitals if they lack insurance.

However these days the u.s government offers insurance.   If you do the math for the lowest plan for those paying for the insurance it makes the price comparable to the Canadians that pay extra in taxes, but with the crony capitalist system in place, you can expect the businesses to raise prices of services because they know the government is footing the bill. So you can expect American taxes to raise beyond that of Canadian ones.

Now I know this is a wall of text but I think I'm driving my point home here, it would actually be cheaper for the poor if the government stopped taxing americans for Healthcare.

I'll provide examples of why. Ok now in the medical industry they have this thing called the R.O.A.D and medical students are vying to get into the industry. 

&gt;The R.O.A.D. specialties (radiology, ophthalmology, anesthesia, and dermatology) are the top specialties with respect to lifestyle as viewed by current students. Students perceive their own specialty's lifestyle realistically. Research determining why a specialty perceived as having a lower-rated lifestyle is acceptable to some students and not others is needed.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/23553086/

The reason they're trying to get into the specialty is because it's highly unregulated, meaning they're allowed to do their jobs without buerocratic interference, and it makes them money. Why? Well for one, it's a highly desirable market, it's cheap compared to other branches of medicine and it draws people in because they know how much they're going to pay before the procedure. Ex. Plastic surgery, or Laser eye surgery.

If they did that too all medicine I think socialized Healthcare would be insufficient because as I've proved above America isn't capable of doing socialized health are without taxing americans way more than Canadians. You'll pay for someone else's Healthcare if you're healthy and so will the poor because let's be honest, the rich have ways of avoiding taxes and politicians make A LOT of money too so the won't pass anything like that. 

So why not go the opposite direction and deregulated the market and leave regulations in that protect the consumer and keep predatory practices at bay? 

Idk. Just a thought. Either that or immigrate to Canada, if it really is that great why do Canadians come here to get Healthcare done? 

https://www.google.com/amp/s/m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5949b405e4b0db570d3778ff/amp

https://www.ctvnews.ca/mobile/health/63-000-canadians-left-the-country-for-medical-treatment-last-year-fraser-institute-1.3486635

https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.forbes.com/sites/sallypipes/2018/06/11/canadians-are-one-in-a-million-while-waiting-for-medical-treatment/amp/

MODS, ill take my ban now. 

Also to the person who I replied to, your anecdotal experience might not be the norm for everyone else. 

"Free Healthcare" isn't free, you're just paying for it out of your paycheck in every paycheck, for your whole life. Just because you're not receiving it at the hospital counter or in a bill from the hospital doesn't mean you or someone else didn't pay for it. So the question is, how is it better than the alternative if you're still paying for it?
I don't think you can use a good experience to prove a system is working. For that you'd need to analyze the worst situations in the us health care system.  You're doing good right now, but what if you lose your job, and start developing brain tumors?
[deleted]
[deleted]
I had to call an ambulance and it cost me like $600 or so. My wife wasn't feeling well but was hesitant because of the money. Ended up with a pulmonary embolism and like $3000+ in medical bills. I distinctly remember reading a single pill of Tylenol costing $20. Now we inch closer to crippling debt.
In that worst case scenario, we're talking about government destabilization, and tumors suddenly aren't the worst things on your plate

So far, though, we've found keeping people healthy stabilizes the marketplace (nobody is filing for bankruptcy in order to fund the removal of brain tumors).  Keeps the American Dream alive... Albeit in Canada
I’m glad everything worked out, but it isn’t free.
I wonder when the subreddit that shall not be mentioned and other traitors will come and shit on your comment soon.
1) Government run  
2)Income taxes I believe  
3)Complete bullshit.  If you need lifesaving surgery you're in that day.  Hell Ive been in a situation where I needed surgery for a broken hand 2 weeks after I broke it because it wasn't healing properly.  I found out I needed surgery to fix it in the morning and was in my own bed after the surgery that night.  
4)You are covered for anything that isn't elective (like plastic surgery) and dental is not covered.
You weren't going to say anything important?
[deleted]
And while you got all that shit my dad who never used the system build not get a bed severely ill from cancer. Ya great system, I have many more examples to counter your bs.
Something is fishy. We are Canadian and went through IVF at the sum of $26,000
Non of it was free. You pay taxes, and it is paid through that.
Anecdotal.
My wife just had a myomectony in Germany. I am so thankful for the health insurance. It would really have been a burden to bear, if I had to pay 3k - 5k fees for all multiples doctor visits with ultrasounds, or the week at hospital after the OP. The intensiv care she had to be put because of complications aka blood loss.

Never once had I have to worry about money. It truly is a nice thing to have, when living life on its own is already stressful enough. I only paid for taxi back home, which was 40 euros.
It looks fucking criminal from the outside.

From an Aussie, the US health system basically looks like this:

**Health Insurance Mafia:** Hey, your insurance is $5000 this month

*Insured family:* Wow, that seems like a lot...

**Health Insurance Mafia:** Oh yeah? \*breaks Timmy's arm\*

**Hospital:** \*winks at Health Insurance Mafia\* Here's a bill for SEVEN BILLION DOLLARS to fix Timmy's arm.

**Health Insurance Mafia:** Look we'll cover this SEVEN BILLION DOLLARS, but you really gotta make sure your insurance stays paid up. It'd be a shame if something happened to Timmy's legs next week and you didn't have a few billion dollars laying around.
Have any single friends or laws that allow the adoption of someone in their 30's?
I can actually answer why I went to the US for healthcare I paid for  vs my Canadian free system. The answer is the wait time. Unfortunately the wait time for my knee surgery was 2 years
Congratulations on your pregnancy! I wish you a happy and healthy experience and baby!
You're young and healthy. What if i told you socialized healthcare is about helping you when you are not ? Its like saying you dont see the point of cars because you live 50 m from your work.
Don't forget that in the states, she'd have been fired from her job after the accident because the company would see her as an insurance liability, and new companies would be hesitant to hire her because she wouldn't have gone to physio and would still be in a wheelchair or walker and they'd see that disability as potentially reducing her efficiency and profitability.

This has become the norm down there, it's the same story for everyone who suffers a debilitating injury. It's a textbook illustration of why society needs a good healthcare system and strong employment laws.

Congrats to you and your wife, glad that everything worked out for her!
bottom line  , of course its payed through taxes and not free, difference is , we do not mind (by and large) paying for a fellow man in need) period

&amp;#x200B;
They are pulling money from other sources to pay for everything in Canadian healthcare. It's being propped up. I have family in the Canadian medical field, they say hospitals are closing, Er room wait times are through the roof and they are lose GPs to other countries. They make payments every month and are creating new taxes and adding to taxes to pay for it all.
Hey bud, I'm glad that my tax dollars can go towards helping people like your wife. Congrats on the pregnancy!
It’s stories like this that remind me why I don’t give a fuck that the government “taxes us too much”. I’m glad taxpayers were able to help you out. Someday it might be me that needs that help, who knows. Lives shouldn’t be ruined because healthcare is too expensive.
This. I was ON THE CLOCK traveling on a highway, and some 77 year old guy runs a red light on a crossroad and into my lane. I hit him broadside and nearly died. Fire department had to cut my car up to get me out. Transported by ambulance, spent a week in the hospital and 5 months recovering with injuries and post concussion syndrome. Did they cover my accident? Nope. Did they pay my short term disability that I paid the premiums on? Nope. Did they pay me anything for work-comp? Hell no. Did they label me a liability and try to fire me while I was off of work? Why, yes they did. 

Legal or not, they will do everything they can in the US to get rid of you after something like that. I had to lawyer up to deal with everything, since I wasn’t in the right frame of mind to be my own advocate. If I didn’t have the means to do so, I’d have been screwed.
The US government pays more per American for health care than the Canadian government does.  Like literally it cost American tax payers more to sustain your public health care system than it does Canada per person.  The entire private health care system in the USA is not even included.

Americans are so brain washed with propaganda that they don't get that they pay more than Canada and The UK and France... and everyone else for public Health Care and 10-15% of Americans have no health coverage at all.  And even seniors on Medicare that are supposedly fully covered get nickled and dimed on co-pays and crap so even as a low income senior with Medicare... they still don't really have full public health care.

The Canadian Health Care system is not perfect but damn it is literally 500 times better than America.  It is better at cost.  It is cheaper.  It is more efficient.  That is the lie in America.  The Canadian System isn't anything like anyone hears about on Fox News.

Also it is popular with everyone.  The most right wing parties in Canadian Provinces don't even try to fuck around on medicare.  Freaking Doug Ford, Ontario's so called Trump ran on making public health care in hospitals better.  No one is against medicare.  No one even dreams of rolling it back.  

I think almost every Canadian I know fears getting ill or sick because you don't want to get sick.  When someone gets sick in Canada usually they do not have to worry about their job that much.  You will not likely get fired or let go because you are sick for a few months.  They also do not have to worry about paying for the treatment.

When my mom got cancer it was nice to not have to worry about $$$ or anything but her getting better.  My mom had a heart attack 20 years ago and colon cancer that responded to surgery 10 years ago and she is 73 and in good health today.  She would not have got any better treatment in the USA.  

I hope Americans figure out they are getting suckered by not just Republicans but the entire system.  You need to demand medicare for all.  Demand it.
I had strep throat last year. It's self diagnosable pretty much, but I had to go to urgent care and pay $300 just for a doctor to look at my throat for 10 seconds and tell me I had strep. Then I paid $25 for the antibiotics. I live in NY.
Ok but youre disassociating and you didn't answer my question at the end. You're still paying the same amount if not more and poor people are paying more for Healthcare in the end in Canada than those in America. Difference is if they're not sick in America they're saving money.

Also the Americans don't have state enforced bans on transfats and other stuff. So there's more freedom too.
Yeah, even Lee Iacocca said it cost him a grand less to make a car in Ontario than Detroit *because* of the provincial health plan. It is just good business sense, but many of  us Yanks are deluded af.
Fyi the conservativr playbook ok healthcare in canada is to have two streams (haves and have nots) and to first bring their crony public/private "partnerships"
[removed]
How much money do you make annually and how much of that is paid in taxes? I’m honestly curious because I am a huge supporter of public healthcare but realistic about how it’s paid for.
Yeah.  Except I have never, ever seen any conservative politician run on that policy in Canada.  Except for shitty unpopular leadership candidates trying to win party leadership and failing.  

The conservative policy on medicare in actual election cycles is to not expand it into eye care, dental care and prescription drug care.  Or to not expand as quickly into those spheres.

But hey thanks for the input.
There is a reason [maternal death rates are twice as high in the US compared to Canada](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-pregnancy-idUSKCN0T10LO20151112).
Possibly the worst metaphor I’ve ever seen on this website lmao.
Having any serious medical issue is hard enough.
But you pay for health insurance, don't you? Even employer provided is part of your salary package . Plus deductible.
Really?  We have a P2 hospital here for mental helath in ottawa as a result of Mike Harris.   Harper also ran on this platform as the opposition and 'simmered it down' for his minority govt.   Alberta already went down this road too.   Turn off the heat slowly we're the frog in the conservative cooking pot.
as if you didnt already have enough to worry about...aint that some shit.
Not going to contribute anything useful to society?
In the us, the testing would have been enormously expensive, and your reward at the end would have been a 5 figure bill from the hospital for giving birth, and a bout 2 weeks off work.
Your argument is the Royal Ottawa is an example of a private hospital?  

The Royal is exactly like any hospital.  Calling it a public/private partnership to build it has nothing to do with 2 tier health care.  Nothing.  You really need to actually learn what you are talking about.

There are 2 tier Mental Health addiction hospitals in Guelph and Toronto.  The Royal is not among them.  

For example you can skip the 4-16 week wait to get into drug rehab in Guelph or Toronto if you have $12,000 or a good private health plan.  You can't do the same thing at the Royal because it is not a 2 tier hospital.
I’m so happy you’re wife has recovered! I can’t imagine going through that, you’re both so strong.
Do you only talk in extremes?  If so you wont learn anything about it from me.
[deleted]
Ballpark numbers are about 20k tax on 80k, between 20 and 25% income tax provincially + federally. Sales taxes range from 5 to 12%.
[deleted]
No.  Actually I hate extremes.  When people talk like Trudeau is Castro or Harper is Trump they are literally idiots.  

Reality is in Canada the Mulroney, Chretien, Martin, Harper and now Trudeau governments generally all have the same actual policies and things do not change very much.... except how society would naturally just progress over 3 decades.  

Whenever someone argues with hysteria and pretends there is a massive divide in Canada they are hurting our political debate.  There is much to debate in Canada, but for the most part Canadians agree on what they want and the 3/4/5 parties literally disagree on mostly the details... not the entire basis of the system.

Bringing American politics into Canada and trying to pretend they are similar is disingenuous.  I mean the party's do it and the media does it and citizens do it.  It is a natural thing to do.  We are bombarded with it 24/7.

However there is no actual substantial debate in Canada about the public health care system existing, public schools, abortion, capital punishment and much more.  We already decided these things in the 60's, 70's, 80's and 90's. Those debates are over.  In the US there is a fight over public schools existing, over whether there should even really be substantial taxation is still an ideological battle.  

Want an example.  Trudeau fighting for the pipeline.  Not his ideology but we have a shitload of oil and gas that needs to get to global market.  

Trudeau and Harper agree on 95% of things and their visions for Canada are very similar.  Picking the two most recent figures that cause division and hystetia.  There is still much to debate and solve within that 5% though.  The thing is we have figured out "Canada".  It is crazy to say this when I grew up with many saying there is no Canadian identity but that we are not Americans.... but America has not figured out who they are.  What they are as a country and what it means to be an American and what America is meant to be.  America is in a political crisis bigger than any since the 60's.  The post WWII America thought it knew what it was but it is clear that since the 90's and the end of the Cold War that America does not know what they want and do not have a unifying vision.

Canada is unified.  We know what we care about.  We do not need to be drawn into the American debate about the role of government... We already figured that out.  The more we bite into the American apple and forget we solved most of this to the satisfaction of 70-80% of Canadians and we do not need to fight over the past... We get to figure out a better future.
[deleted]
Haha it wasn't a metaphor mate. It was a caricature of a system that deserves to be mocked. Defend it all you like, just make sure you have actual reasons and not just "wow ok first of all I live in America"
It’s not free, it still costs a shit ton of money and is why we pay taxes at a much greater rate than the Americans do.
And yet we'll defend it to the death. There are a lot of stupid fucking ideas Americans have about healthcare, and they all tie into American exceptionalism. For instance, America has the best doctors in the world, America has the best treatment in the world, America has the lowest wait times, America is fairest because you only pay when you need care, in America everyone has access to doctors and hospitals and no one can decide otherwise, etc.


Obviously, all of these are wrong if you've ever been to a hospital in the US or know someone who's superglued their arm instead of getting stitches. People here literally believe that you can't trust anything not American, because it's all a lie, and *nothing* can be better than here.
Being Canadian, were inundated with a lot of their internal propaganda.  That's literally ALL they've got.  Oh, and guns.  There's even some ridiculous country song with the lyrics "I'm proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free".  They're free, alright, free to die if they can't pay through the nose for something we take for granted.  Woo.
My wife has PCOS and we went through something similar while living in the US. We had excellent insurance (so called Cadillac plan) and still paid about 5k out of pocket and another 10k at the time of delivery.

Fucked up system they have
These are the stories that me wonder why there are people who refuse to believe that our American government will force propaganda on us.  I constantly hear how Canadians and the British are suffering terribly while they wait for medical care and how the United States has the best healthcare in the world.
[deleted]
All I'm saying is no one I ever know has had an experience like that with a health insurance company. And we aren't rich. 

Health insurance generally increases costs, dramatically, hence why a lot of people I know don't use insurance anymore except for catastrophic care (i.e. they pay cash for everything non-emergency) and they actually pay less. Crony capitalism (caused by government involvement in private industry) has increased these costs. 

Additionally, I don't like the idea of having a government system deny me care one day and then leave me to die, since I wouldn't have a choice to be in the government system. I'd rather have my own insurance expire, because then at least I chose it.
Damn. Must be nice. I flew all the way to the Czech Republic (from USA) to do in-vitro fertilization.

In total, we spent about 8k on travel, apartment, meds, procedure. Stayed for a few weeks. 

In the USA, the procedure was 32k (not including meds). The doctor offered his own financing and gave us a loan application during our appointment.
"Propaganda," as if your Prime Minister isn't the chief example of pandering.
America - "We do everything, but better than anyone"

Smart American - "Not really"

America - "Traitor, are you legal here?"
Just the idea that having guns = free and if guns are taken away = tyranny is insanely stupid. Its virtually a police state where the police can arrest you for doing absolutely nothing, cops have no real accountability, etc. But hey you got guns so you're free.

&amp;#x200B;

Except your not because the moment the gov decides they don't like you, its over. Sure you're weapons will ensure freedom until a swat team kicks down your door and kills you. You can't even use non-lethal force against a corrupt cop without ending up dead when they fear for their lives or their friends "arrest" you. 

&amp;#x200B;

This...this doesn't sound like freedom.
I worked in the US for a bit with a Fortune 500 company. I thought health expenses wouldn't be a concern because of our coverage until I learned that 90% isn't really 90% as that's based on what the insurer feels 100% should be and even if the bills fall within those parameters, the remaining 10% can be debilitating. Coworkers were terrified when expecting as a complication free delivery without an epidural or private room and same day checkout (that's apparently a thing) still costs upward of $20k without insurance and most states don't require a reason for dismissal. I'm fairly right leaning on the political spectrum, but that's insane.
It’s stories like that which explain why Jim keeps his US citizenship and still pays Canadian taxes.
Orwellianly titled "Right to Work Legislation".
&gt; All I'm saying is no one I ever know has had an experience like that with a health insurance company. And we aren't rich. 

But then:

&gt; hence why a lot of people I know don't use insurance anymore except for catastrophic care (i.e. they pay cash for everything non-emergency)  

Fuckin hell man, they got you by the balls so hard that you don't even use the insurance that you pay for. No wonder nobody has had an experience like that if they're too shit scared to even try to make a claim.  

"I can choose to cancel my insurance instead of the government cancelling it for me" is such a stupid hill to make your stand on. People in countries with social healthcare don't need to make a choice between deciding to have no insurance and letting the government deciding they have no insurance. They **just have insurance**. That's the whole point of it.

&amp;#x200B;
Every time I get bronchitis, I have to decide if I want to pay the insured rate (toward my 13k yearly deductible) or the uninsured rate (cheaper, but doesn't apply to my deductible).

I just choose uninsured. $90 for a 5-minute consultation, prescription, and a shot in the ass. I actually think it's very reasonable. 

I, too, go to the walk in clinics. No way Id go to my primary care doctor for something like that. I'd go broke.
That's another thing I hate about American culture; they refuse to call a spade a spade, and will make up ridiculously misleading and irrelevant names for their laws; because apparently most people down there are incapable of seeing what the law really is, and just judge it based on the name.
1) I don't use that insurance. 

2) They don't pay for insurance? 

The people who use only catastrophic only BUY catastrophic coverage. They opt out of (and thus don't pay for) routine care insurance. They aren't gotten "by the balls." 

No one is "scared" to make a claim. You are putting words in my mouth.  

The government eventually stops care for people whose care is too expensive/unlikely to succeed. Health insurance companies do the same, except the difference is you can try to get a different insurance company, whereas with government controlled healthcare, you can't.

Edit: Also, I had a knee replacement a couple years ago. North of $35k before insurance. After insurance I paid a total of $500. With my "average" level insurance coverage. The horror...
It's things like this that make me love being Canadian
[deleted]
[deleted]
It’s things like this that make me seriously consider making the move up north. The states couldn’t care less about you,
Ah, my mistake, I did originally consider the possibility that you were saying both "heaps of people I know haven't had a bad experience with an insurance company" and "heaps of people I know haven't got insurance", but figured that was too ridiculous.  


&amp;#x200B;
Public private medical partnerships are one of the defining policies that even red tory mulroney wouldnt propose.    The reform party made it a platform promise (along with elected senate EEE  hahahaha!) around the same time Mike harris did propose P2s as the solution for oir halkway medicine problem.

Sorry im a student of history and voted in those elections.  Im not biased but to say it is anything less than a conservative platform wedge then its being disingenuous
IVF isn't paid for in Canada. So it's not uncommon for Canadians to go to Mexico or Czech Republic for IVF.
I don't think she got IVF. She doesn't say that they did any fertility treatments, just that they were working with an RE.
"Free" as in you and everyone else paid for it thru taxes. Logic!
The Canadian men who scream the loudest at you for "mooching" off taxpayer funded universal health insurance are also the men who scream the loudest about Canadian women not having 4+ kids each.
Im young, healthy and i make a lot
Of money. Also pay a lot of taxes. I hear over and over that our healthcare is broken and its too expensive and “i dont use it so why should i have to pay”. Stories like this should be a reminder that we are all, quite literally, heros. We save and improve peoples lives every single day. Whatever the cost i gladly bare it.
Pandering to whom, exactly?
That aggressive. Why isn't anyone addressing my points an dinsulting me like children. I'm just trying to get to the root of the best idea. Instead I'm hearing repeated propagandist slogans and insults.

I mean its fine if you want your life to be worse and poor people to die off but at least admit it.
That poor Dallas man, and his family.  It sure looks like racism to Canadians.  You don't automatically shoot your neighbour, if you find him in your home.  You ask why he's in it.     
     
---Maybe something's wrong and he's needing your help, what with you being a cop and all.     
       
 ---Maybe he accidentally walked into your apartment and you happened to leave it unlocked.    
      
Oh, wait, you broke into HIS home and murdered him.   
  
Insanity.
Women, minorities, gays, etc. 

https://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/article-trudeau-is-an-insult-to-feminism-and-to-seriousness/

https://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2018/02/26/john-oliver-trudeau-india-trip_a_23371517/

https://www.bbc.com/news/av/world-us-canada-36701570/justin-trudeau-joins-canada-gay-pride-march
[deleted]
[deleted]
1. It's an *Opinion* piece.  
2. Yeah, that was silly, wasn't it.  
3. I rather like that he does the Pride parades.  Would it make you happier \[happily angrier?\] if he did the Dyke march instead?    

What else ya got?  So long as there's a buffoon ruining the circus across the border, I'll support Trudeau "pandering" and all.
1) An opinion piece is perfectly valid and it expresses a viewpoint that he is pandering to women and pandering is essentially subjective. Some find it to be pandering, some do not, but I couldn't it as. 

2)

3) I dislike Pride Parades in general, as I find them gross (I'm gay, so let's not start that argument). I don't see having politicians marching in Pride as being good, but as pandering and just gross.

I never said Trudeau was better or worse than Trump. Just that Trudeau panders and panders hard.
Yeah I miss read.
Fair points, all, and perhaps you're right about the pandering.  Having said that, I find it refreshing to be pandered *to* because I spent most of my youth being either ignored or shamed.  

&amp;#x200B;
[deleted]
For rare catastrophes as you describe, sure it's great.  For 99% of regular people who need regular health and preventive services, it's nowhere near the myth.  Also where is this $50 ambulance?  Most provinces each ambulance ride is several hundred dollars and even a small incident can trigger more than one ambulance transfer.

As for you speculating about what happens in the US, that's a lot of myth.  She'd have been under some health insurance plan and would have had access to the most superior medical talent and technology in the universe.  Sorry to be the wet blanket of truth, but US has some incredible facilities and personnel, far far far better than Canada's quasi public system can provide.  There might have been deductibles and fights with the insurer, but to say that the US system would have left her in a wheelchair is nonsense.  

And this is one of the key reasons Canadian health care continues its sharp decline: way too many Canadians are brainwashed by the myth that it's a miraculous system that obviously couldn't possibly be any better.
You pedants are some of the most annoying cunts in the world. No one says "it's free" and means *it's literally free*, it's always meant that the "free" is in reference to there being on up-front, out of pocket cost to the patient.
There's a constantly fluctuating calculus to it, but in general the lower wages of US workers are offset by the added cost of providing health benefit coverage and vice versa in Canada.  At any given time the balance can be on one side or the other, but it's not the extremely one sided scenario that most people believe.
That's a fun story but not factual. Health insurers are adversarial with hospitals and vice versa.  Never mind the weird and false part about how the health insurers supposedly cause the medical need by breaking arms or any other way.
Well actually, public anger at the prospect of having even the crummy and limited ACA taken away was a large part of why the Republican attempt to kill it fell short last year and has not been touched ever since.  Americans, having even a taste of a better health care model, will be very very reluctant to give it back.
Not exactly.  The talent and technology of the US medical elite is unmatched.  The public system be a mess, but the actual medicine is incredible.  There's a reason why any billionaire with serious health issue takes their jet straight to America for diagnosis and treatment.
[deleted]
Holy shit.
You had something that subsidized your ambulance or you're mistaken. You're also wrong about the US not having the best medical talent and technology in the universe.  There's a reason billionaires take their jet straight to America when they gave a serious illness.  You calling Canada "top notch" hints you don't have informed knowledge of global health, and you googling your bias confirmation proves it. At least don't lie about what I said, it's already there in writing.
I was only 2 months into my new job when I crashed my bicycle and shattered my forearm. Surgery, 2 nights in hospital, a year of physio, followup surgery to remove a floating piece of bone. Only cost was the ambulance ride ($75?) which my work extended health covered.

My boss texted me 2 weeks into my recovery and said "I hope you're feeling better. Please take as much time as you need."
There are also plenty of cases you can find of said people flying to other countries than the US. Especially if its a cutting edge procedure. The US is the best at some things (like military equipment, some medicine, etc). Keyword: some. US likes to pretend to be the best at everything and people find it hard to accept we suck at many things and average at others.
[deleted]
You're mistaken and desperate confirmation biased googling to support your flat earth theory doesn't make the earth flat.  I get that you had an emotional experience and it's caused you to repeat factually false things like how Canadian medicine can resurrect the dead.  Your wife didn't die, otherwise she'd be... dead.  
I know it's become common to use that fantasy bastardization of elevating "unconscious" to "dead" because it sounds so cool to imply doctors have supernatural powers and your wife is a death-defying wizard.  

I know that it's an awesome story to hyperbolize and say she was brought back from the dead but it's as factually inaccurate as your bullshit about the US not having the most superior medical talent and technology in the universe.  

If part of your tale is true and not exagerrated like the other parts, your wife was without oxygen briefly but she was never dead.  Until you accept that fact, everything else you say is fantasy.

You broadcasting a manifestly false "top notch" rating when you have zero industry knowledge and less than zero objectivity is ridiculous.  You nitpicking to imply you're aware of some outer space medical center is more of the same.  Sorry facts hurt you.
No you can't.  You can find medical tourism where people go for unproven desperate procedures or for because of lower prices.  But billionaires and millionaires facing serious health issues take a bee line to USA for a reason.


You saying US medical talent and technology being "pretend" is some profoundly anti-factual nonsense on par with a Trump statement.
[deleted]
You calling anyone else an asshole is the peak of irony.  Your emotion over your  wife's brief stint of being unconscious has overwhelmed all sense of elementary school level science knowledge you may ever have learned, and is making you act how what you're projecting.  

Death *is* a thing.  But you are willfully not understanding what it is.
And your reading comprehension is on par with trump's. I never said that. Read. Understand. Don't be a moron. Repeat as necessary.
[removed]
AMEN! Sing it,  my friend!  One of the reasons I love this country.
I didn't care for the India trip. 

Women make up 51% of the population,  sport,  so we're hardly a fucking minority and it's damn bloody well time those in power paid attention to the **majority** of the population. Something the sexual assaulter in chief occupying the White House should wrap his empty head around. 

Gay people are part of the population too.  Or maybe you would prefer he get a sheet and join the "very fine people" in Charlottesville? 

Bigotry is so fucking passé,  man.  Get with the programme.
Did you want to address the fact that I provided information proving it would be far more expensive for America to do that than Canada?

I mean look at the replies, you insult me yet nobody has addressed the meat of my post.

I haven't insulted any of you have I?
Never said women are a minority lol. 

Never said gay people aren’t part of the population (I’m gay lmao).

I abhor the people who were at that march. 

Nothing I’ve said is bigoted. Learn to read.
Thank you 😊
I get medical care in Canada right away. I live in a small town too. My hospital is a 5 min drive too. My surgery was booked within 2 weeks. My boyfriend had a fractured skull and his surgery was within 2 days. The work they did was amazing. No cuts/scars on the outside of his face and he now has a titanium plate. 

Anyway the whole “Canadians wait long” is quite BS. And it depends on locations. In rural places it’s quick because there’s not that many customers coming in all at once.
I want to also add that after ovulating I had to take progesterone which was $300 a box in Canada. In the states that same 18 day box is $1000-1300. And guess what? If you get pregnant you’ll need to take it for 13 weeks! 1 box will not cover you. Thankfully my boyfriend also has health insurance that covers meds so I only paid $3.99 dispensing fee for each time I needed a new box of progesterone suppositories. Thanks to that my baby is doing great now :)
Thank you for your kind words &lt;3
I hope that one day you do. Or that you get the healthcare tote family and friends deserve so you don’t need to worry about finances and focus on health. It’s shocking what prices are in the states for healthcare. I don’t know how you people do it.
Thank you 😊
I didn’t get IVF. I only did clomid and timed intercourse with monitored cycle
Sorry to hear. My story is not BS. I am just relaying my experience at how lucky I am to get all of this help for no additional cost.
I make a total of $86,000 and I pay about $18,000 (business and personal taxes). I own my own business so my taxes are different from a typical employee.
I guess I should have asked, what percentage of your income goes into paying for healthcare? Everything we have is deducted in percentages.
My boyfriend a hockey player has had 3 teeth knocked out, shoulder broken, nose broken twice, orbital skull fracture, lip torn in half, knee sislocated, arm broken, leg broken. 

He only had to pay for his teeth. He had insurance with the hockey arena so he just paid a $1000 deductible. 

Sure we pay high taxes, but we also own a car that’s 90,000 (1 year old), another that is $60,000 (2 months old), a new from build $900,000 house, have zero debt (outside of our mortgage) and spend time doing our hobbies daily. He loves woodworking and we mountain bike a lot. 

Aside from the high taxes we live good lives. My husband complains about Canada and the high taxes yet he uses the health system most due to his surgeries. Can’t please everyone. He just wants more money for more woodworking tools 😂
In Ontario they pay the first round of IVF. You just have to pay for your meds which is around $1000

You also get 3 free IUI.. you just need to pay $750 to process the sperm.
Oh jeez. I sympathize with PCOS women. It’s a complete mind fuck endocrine disorder.

I hope you two made it work or are making it work. &lt;3
Even my husband who has had so so so many hockey surgeries, myself 2 miscarriages with him, went through fertility treatment complains about paying taxes and moochers.

But he’s SO happy to receive it for his own family. It doesn’t make sense. 🤷🏼‍♀️ I love him but I have to remind him what paying these taxes is doing for us and our future.
Thank you kind internet redditor :)
Yup. We now have two completely normal toddlers, one of whom is casually keeping the terrible twos going well into his threes. Love them to bits though.
That fact makes me so sad.

I’m part of a pregnancy women’s group on Facebook and many of the women im the US refused to pay $500-$1000+ for basic genetic testing due to the cost. Here in Canada it’s paid by the tax payers which makes it $0 going into the test. Canadians have a chance to see and prepare wether their fetus is severely deformed or if they just need some intervention.

The US citizens go off having blind pregnancies not knowing what kind of financial burden they will have. Or what kind of heart disease or pre-existing medical issues babies will have. It’s gambling to me.
Thank you sir! May my hard earned taxes be there IF you or a loved one needs it so you can sleep at night.
I’m so sorry for your losses. I’m glad you weren’t financially burdened along with it.
I unfortunately that's not the case in most other provinces. 
The IUI price is about the same, but the IVF price is about the same as the US.
Thank you.  I hope you have a boring rest of your pregnancy &lt;3
It's downright criminal. The US needs proper healthcare. With the amount spent by the government on Healthcare per person they could have a literal god tier healthcare system.
I realize that, I hope that can change soon.
I’m not actually sure to be honest. I’ve never thought about looking that up.
Me too!
Ah yes you got me. We pay through the nose in taxes. But have you ever wondered why we’re happy to do it? Peace of mind.

Summary:
I am so thankful for the health insurance.
You're paying for it with your taxes.
You pay taxes, and it is paid through that.
But you pay for health insurance, don't you?
Also pay a lot of taxes.
1) I don't use that insurance.
2) They don't pay for insurance?
I don’t know how you people do it.
We know what we care about.
It's things like this that make me love being Canadian.
I get medical care in Canada right away.
The thing is we have figured out "Canada".
I hope that one day you do.
All I'm saying is no one I ever know has had an experience like that with a health insurance company.
Never once had I have to worry about money.
It is better at cost.
I actually think it's very reasonable.
I don't think she got IVF.
Even with insurance you still need to cover the deductible.
But at least I never had to worry about paying for tests and surgeries.
We pay through the nose in taxes.
The US government pays more per American for health care than the Canadian government does.
&gt; All I'm saying is no one I ever know has had an experience like that with a health insurance company.
The US needs proper healthcare.
I don't think you can use a good experience to prove a system is working.
One of the reasons I love this country.
So glad to be Canadian!
I won’t have to pay for anything.
Fucked up system they have.
IVF isn't paid for in Canada.
They also do not have to worry about paying for the treatment.
I’m SO glad to be in Canada.
You will not likely get fired or let go because you are sick for a few months.
The Canadian Health Care system is not perfect but damn it is literally 500 times better than America.
Canadians pay 45% of their income in taxes.
Like literally it cost American tax payers more to sustain your public health care system than it does Canada per person.
The Royal is exactly like any hospital.
The entire private health care system in the USA is not even included.
My genetic testing was free too.
You really need to actually learn what you are talking about.
I had to call an ambulance and it cost me like $600 or so.
My mom and dad also have health issues.
Please take as much time as you need."
Its like saying you dont see the point of cars because you live 50 m from your work.
I just want to say good luck!
The answer is the wait time.
You can't do the same thing at the Royal because it is not a 2 tier hospital.
If you need lifesaving surgery you're in that day.
No one is against medicare.
Usually the hospitals work out payment plans or lower the price for those without insurance because they know they're not going to get money out of them.
"Free" as in you and everyone else paid for it thru taxes.
I never said Trudeau was better or worse than Trump.
It’s not free, it still costs a shit ton of money and is why we pay taxes at a much greater rate than the Americans do.
The Canadian System isn't anything like anyone hears about on Fox News.
My husband complains about Canada and the high taxes yet he uses the health system most due to his surgeries.
It sure looks like racism to Canadians.
Defend it all you like, just make sure you have actual reasons and not just "wow ok first of all I live in America"
But then:

&gt; hence why a lot of people I know don't use insurance anymore except for catastrophic care (i.e.
You're also wrong about the US not having the best medical talent and technology in the universe.
However these days the u.s government offers insurance.
So the question is, how is it better than the alternative if you're still paying for it?
I hope Americans figure out they are getting suckered by not just Republicans but the entire system.
