Original Response:
[Event] just joining he new event hype train

My list can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/108AtXKIFQakRAzlVVVvBvArH58k0XVd65WQT1U6FDXY/edit?usp=drivesdk). I am open to trade the Loose Change and Lunch Special.

I also have a bunch of Lugia codes and can redeem with stock Japanese console + game.

Happy trading!
Hi.

171007 포켓몬스토어 KOR Mimikyu Adamant, 080606 KOR 아라모스 Darkrai timid

Do you have an exchangeable pokemon?

I'm going to get it. 2018 WCSK Champion's Metagross (OT: 정수웅)

I will visit the event place and download it.
I can trade Darkrai for 2 Metagross
I do not need lugia anymore. um .. Do you think Mimikyu and 2 Metagross are available?
No I do not wish to trade Mimikyu sorry. The "Fine Dining" tab is not for trade for Metagross
Ok. I find your suggestion interesting, but if you want 2 Metagros, Saturday is hard to exchange. Only on Sundays or next week. What do you think of it?
Ah I don't care about time. I do not need them quickly.
I'll get two. Can you exchange it?
Yes two for the Alamos Darkrai right?
Ok. Let's do it.
Deal. No rush on the Metagross!

I can be last on the queue no problem.
Thank you very much for waiting! I'll be right back!
Hi. I brought your metagross. When is it exchangeable?
Oh wow so fast. I can exchange now
Rule 3: Korean Alamos Darkrai|KOR|Timid|Redemed by ledresseur14
 for me|Video redemption|

I will add your fc now
I got the proof! I will go online now
I'm going to access the internet now ...! My friend code is 2037-2121-2399!
...? What is Dark Rai?
Oh wait sorry I forgot!! Send me trade please
Sorry I zoned out and forgot to send the Darkrai. Can you go back to Plaza and send me trade please?
Thanks for the exchange! I exchanged the WCSK metagross with you!
Thanks too! Sorry for the mistake
I do not care. I'm sorry to bother you ...!

Summary:
I can trade Darkrai for 2 Metagross.
I exchanged the WCSK metagross with you!
I will go online now.
No I do not wish to trade Mimikyu sorry.
Oh wait sorry I forgot!!
