Original Response:
[deleted]
Dude battled his drug addiction for awhile. There's no conspiracy here. Just sad shit.
I didn’t even listen to him and I’m heartbroken
What about the one eye pic he posted?
why?
If you're talking about the illuminati... The illuminati didn't kill Mac Miller. Mac Miller and his very sad struggle with addiction killed Mac Miller.
Generational, friends played him all the time in high school
Most likely. But surely it wouldn't be difficult to lace something to get rid of someone? Not suggesting this is what happened, but you're awfully quick to dismiss the possibility of foul play
Right? Not that everyone should jump into alternative theories, but a lot of times there is some weird circumstances around celebrity OD's. Avicii's recent passing was awfully shady
I'm assuming you're greatly exaggerating when you say heartbroken then right?
Why would I be?
Shit like this is what gives conspiracies their negative connotation
Using my brain? Lol
How dare you ask questions! I've never seen so many people out in this sub to fight speculation before...its so transparent. I didn't suspect foul play till I read the overwhelming number of comments 100% confident that it was all an accident
because being heartbroken over someone you dont know, that your friends used to listen to seems ridiculous to me
Well that’s fine lol I still am
Lmao yeah you’re really using your brain there chief. Let’s not go with the obvious answer that a drug addict died to an OD. No let’s say he was killed by the Illuminati. Why was he killed? Doesn’t matter you’re using your brain so much that it’s irrelevant
Using my brain to say that I dont actually know what happened? How do you actually know what happened? Having an open mind is using your brain. Blindly accepting whatever headlines dictate is a dangerous thing to do in today's world. But this is probably over your head, as a snarky comeback is your true aim, not discussion. I never said the illuminati killed him. I said I was surprised that a random redditor could be 100% certain of the circumstances concerning an individual they did not know personally who had passed away just hours prior. Are you able to astral project to assist cops with murders and missing kids too? Do you see the point I'm trying to make?
Maaaaan, no one is arguing against using your brain for critical thinking. By all means, use your brain, but it seems like you're forcing an issue where there isn't one. If you want to suggest Mac Miller was murdered, that's on you. I'm going to sit this one out because it's a pretty cut and dry issue and I don't feel the least bit sorry for my certainty in what killed a drug addict. But it's your energy and if you want to waste it, have at it man. Please keep using your brain, but I'd suggest picking better battles.
That’s how this country is getting.

Same way people get offended over shit that doesn’t concern them

Summary:
Using my brain to say that I dont actually know what happened?
I never said the illuminati killed him.
Mac Miller and his very sad struggle with addiction killed Mac Miller.
The illuminati didn't kill Mac Miller.
