Original Response:
Five days ago, my fiancee and I decided to evacuate from a city directly on the coast of North Carolina with our two children, due to record storm surge predictions and possible flooding. We left most of our belongings behind, and attempted to bring everything that was important to us in the space of our small Jeep.

Two days ago was when everything got real. I won the N.C. educational lottery ($50,000) in a second chance drawing for scratch off cards that weren’t winners. Basically you scan your losing scratch off card, collect points, and enter into drawings every month for different prizes. I personally do not like scratch offs, but my mother enjoys them and gives us her loser cards since the second chance process is sort of tedious.

Awesome, right? Nope. The NCEL refuses to disburse winnings without a valid drivers license and social security card. My license and social security card are located in our apartment back near the coast, which experienced 5 feet of flood waters so far, and is close to collapsing in on itself. While I do have photocopies of these documents, the regional NCEL offices have all refused to accept them as valid ID documents. In order to get a new license with the DMV, I am required to have my social security card. In order to obtain a new social security card, I require my license.

We are currently staying at my fiancées mother’s house in VA, and currently have no plans on how to move forward. We will likely be homeless and without income for the foreseeable future. This money could have been a new start for us. Instead, it’s a point of massive stress during a crisis situation. I am thankful that we are safe. I am hoping that my friends and family who stayed in the path of Florence are all safe. I would give anything for this all to be a dream, and wake up without having won the lottery or a hurricane bearing down on everything I hold dear.

TL;DR evacuated from the path of a major hurricane.  Forgot documents required to claim lotto winnings.

Edit:  Death threats?  Wishing for my family to die?  Telling me to go back and risk my life for money I didn’t even know I would have three days ago?  Why would any of you ever say this?
The real TIFU is leaving your IDs in a house you are temporarily abandoning.  Even the drivers license? This seems somewhat unbelievable.
We evacuated as soon as we could, and didn’t realize we left the ID or SSC until after we were 8+ hours away.  It’s hard to think straight when you’re in that situation.  I acknowledge that it was a major fuck up.  I know it doesn’t sound real.  I wish I was trolling.
[removed]
[removed]
People who are evacuating ASAP from a natural disaster while trying to secure their dwelling while they’re gone, calm their children, and secure accommodations for the immediate future.  That’s who.  But thanks for the snap judgement on a single mistake during a moment of crisis.
[deleted]
you're definitely not supposed to carry your SSC on you brodie nobody does that
You should take it with you in a situation when it very well might not be there for you when you return.
obviously, but that's not what the guy said. He said everyone carries it with them in their wallet or purse, which is stupid as fuck 

I'm willing to let OP be excused for forgetting because I've left my house to go get a burger and forgot my wallet, and I sure as hell didn't have a hurricane on top of all my other daily duties
I'm not willing to excuse OP for forgetting.  It means this person had no hurricane plan, despite living in a zone subject to evacuation.  And almost certainly it wasn't a "Get out, RIGHT NOW" situation.  They had a few hours at least to think about it.

https://www.ready.gov/hurricanes for the next time.
Lol. It definitely could have been a "get out right now" situation if due to financial/other reasons he delayed leaving until they were clearly overwhelmed. Tons of people do this during every hurricane. They feel forced to stay because they can't afford to get away and then when shit really hits the fan they're fucked either way 

You seem to not really understand what it's like being poor, distracted and scared. Good for you. Blaming people that much for not being prepped for a hurricane when less than half of America has a thousand dollars to their name in savings is hilariously out of touch. 

OP admitted he fucked up, and he did, but it's pretty goddamn understandable compared to the people here fucking their couches and the like.
[removed]
[deleted]
ANameaThisisnt is a ass
They literally had days. They were told to leave by Tuesday
You are unbelievable. What your saying here is a bit out of touch. Not every person carries their papers on them at all times. I fell like you would blame me for having my house broken into because the thieves saw my sick tv because I left the blinds up part way.
Don’t adults carry their id’s in their wallets/purses at all times. Yeah I understand ss is a no go.

So where ever you’re at now, forgot, have a family member or friend with docs turn it in for you. If not find someone completely reliable to help like a church pastor, I dunno and shoot that person 10k for helping.
Not american here. why are you not supposed to carry your ss card with you? In my country we only have an official ID, driver's license is not accepted as ID
Because if you get mugged or your wallet gets stolen, now the thief has your social security number, which makes it real easy to steal your identity.

Granted, if they get your driver's license, they also have basically everything they need to steal it, but the SSN can be valuable on its own.
Social Security card isn't ID, so there's no purpose in carrying it daily. It literally just has your name and number on it, and if it's in your wallet it's just an easy path to identity theft.

The Social Security Administration also only lets you have 3 replacement cards in a year and 10 in a lifetime. No point in potentially burning one of your replacement opportunities because you accidentally put your wallet through the laundry.
What is it good for if it doesn't even have a picture?
Here in America we use ID, DL, or passport as proof of who we are.

If I scammer were to get his hands on your DL/ID and SS card then he could identity theft you.
It has your social security number, social security number is used for background checks, credit checks.
It's not a proof of your identity and was never meant to be used as such. It was thought up later that hey, why not use these since vast majority of US citizens have them. 

&amp;#x200B;

As a European, though, in the USA a surprising number of people don't have any sort of photo ID :/
As a south american, it surprised me that in Denmark no one carries photo ID unless it's a driver's license. The "cpr card" has no photo. I used to carry that and my european temporary residency ID just in case yknow
It’s the US equivalent of National Insurance in the UK I imagine, I’m not familiar with versions in other countries.
In the USA, it's not even that they don't carry one - they don't have it at all. 

I think I read somewhere that less than 50% of USA citizens have passports, and if you don't drive the only other choice are state ID cards, which are apparently a bit of oddity. 

&amp;#x200B;

...I mean, the idea that you may need photo ID to vote in the USA is being argued as unfair.

&amp;#x200B;

Social security card were created to keep track of taxes a citizen paid in order to calculate his/her retirement payments. Until fairly recently only working adults would have them; now you apply for one for your kids when they are born in order to claim tax credits. It has no build in security features at all - it's a normal piece of paper with your name and number on it, it's not even laminated (and I think, you are not allowed to laminate it yourself, either). And of course somehow everything got tied in to it - you cannot open a bank account, rent an apartment or even set up utilities without showing it.
I find this crazy as my country is shitty in so many ways, yet identity theft is nothing that keeps us up at night. You need photo ID for every card purchase, to show along with your driver's license if you get pulled over, in order to vote, or talk to someone in the bank, pretty much all the time.
[removed]
Have ur mom or family member cash in the money they should have id
Who are you to be "excusing" another man's mistake that doesn't even involve you? Jfc dude
It could be a long shot, but have you tried contacting a news station?
I'm in Columbia, SC and our local news stations love these kinds of stories, especially since it's related to the hurricane.
It could spread your story and some good may come out of it. I could be completely wrong though, and this may sound absurd.
I just feel for you and your family and hope you guys end up okay. If I were in a position to help I would.
Honestly, I was thinking about doing this.  But I wanted to wait until the immediate danger of the storm has passed.  I’d rather not be seen as some disaster-opportunist who prioritizes their family’s windfall above the safety and needs of others in the path of the storm.  But thank you for your wishes.
That's a good idea, I didn't think of it that way.
I definitely wouldn't go on TV and show the world I just won $50k.
Why? $50k is a good chunk of money to get but it’s nowhere near enough for anyone to care to seek you out for it.
If it’s enough to be onTv then it’s enough for “friends and family” to come out of the wood work.
For $50k? Haha, not even close. 

It’s a helpful amount of money for one, maybe two people, but it’s by no means a lot to have.

Besides, once the gubment takes their cut, OP is really only going to end up with $30-$35k.
which is roughly what most Americans make a year.
I think you are confusing you vs the people who would call.
What's the news? Isn't Reddit the news?
That's twice what I make in a year, and I work a full time job

Summary:
In order to get a new license with the DMV, I am required to have my social security card.
In order to obtain a new social security card, I require my license.
It has your social security number, social security number is used for background checks, credit checks.
Honestly, I was thinking about doing this.
I am thankful that we are safe.
why are you not supposed to carry your ss card with you?
That's a good idea, I didn't think of it that way.
Social Security card isn't ID, so there's no purpose in carrying it daily.
I acknowledge that it was a major fuck up.
Yeah I understand ss is a no go.
The "cpr card" has no photo.
The NCEL refuses to disburse winnings without a valid drivers license and social security card.
