Original Response:
I'm left questioning what we are going to do moving forward? Let's assume that the Labor party wins the next election and repairs all the climate change legislation that has been damaged by these conservative fuck-weasels. The next time said fuck-weasels get into power they will just undo it all over again. We're fucked either way. 

I hate these self-interested, corrupt maggots that call themselves the Liberal party. Kick this mob out and keep them out forever. /rant
I was thinking about this recently.  

If Labor get back in with a thumping majority, will they have the balls to implement a true ETS again?
I hope so. The way I see it is, get to 50-75%+ renewables before the next Coalition government. Then what are they going to do? Shut it all down and build new coal? In 6-9 years time? Not even they would be that stupid, would they?
Labor would need to win at least two solid terms so that any climate legislation becomes embedded within Australian politics and policy, much like Medicare in 80s-90s. If Labor had lost after 1 or 2 terms then, you can bet the Coalition would’ve dismantled Medicare like they did the Carbon Tax in 2014.
Renewable to the kerb. We all get mini coal power stations in our house to power to the kerb.
Their policy

&amp;#x200B;

[https://www.laborsclimatechangeactionplan.org.au/cleaner\_power\_generation](https://www.laborsclimatechangeactionplan.org.au/cleaner_power_generation)

&amp;#x200B;

[https://www.laborsclimatechangeactionplan.org.au/cut\_pollution?\_ga=2.52163241.1693139201.1536364451-1007665410.1536364451](https://www.laborsclimatechangeactionplan.org.au/cut_pollution?_ga=2.52163241.1693139201.1536364451-1007665410.1536364451)

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
The good news is that if Labor wins the next election it will co-incide with decreasing renewable energy costs. By the time the liberal government gets back in power fossil fuels will be even less economic than now. This is the liberal parties last tepid hope to delay a sustainable future.

We should all do our bit by voting for Labour or the Greens (don't mind which) to bring on a renewable energy future. Our kids will thank us and we'll enjoy the economic and health benefits of renewables.
Well almost half the country thinks the opposite of you. Everytime the Coalition implements a needed reduction in tax rates, or a reduction in the number of public servants or overall Government spending, there is always the risk that when the ALP are next elected they will reverse it.

In fact there, if you were to be able to look at things from an unbiased, neutral viewpoint, you would see that regardless of the party in Government, there has been a slow drift to the left over at least the past 15 years in terms of budgetary policy. Spending has continued to grow under both Governments and so has debt.

That's the problem with being a Libertarian. While conservatives and liberals get to experience some sort of ebbs and flows in the policies they advocate when Government changes, Libertarians rarely get to experience a reduction in Government altogether.

Maybe we could take it in turns. One term of the Coalition, one term of Labor and one term of no Government?
Shorten needs to grow au pair
Not really. The elephant in the corner is Snowy Hydro 2. If that gets completed it will provide so much storage for renewables that coal and gas generation will lose all justification.
They would need at least 3-4 terms to get the country back on track after the failure of this Coalition government. It will be hard, and there will be many interests looking to have them fail. These interests have a **lot** of money and big voices. 

I hope Australia doesn't forget how destructive these loons have been. They prey on our laziness, greed, fear, and sense of entitlement. Australia will never be great or reach its potential if we let the conservatives drive. They're in it to siphon as much cash as they can.
Thanks for this.  

As a member I should have known!
If you want green policy, vote greens 1 then alp 2. That way the alp know they need to hedge their policies green-legt not just centre/centre-left
No government? What arguments are there exactly for having no elected leaders? There isn't a single country on earth that functions without leaders, for starters.

I don't see what the issue is with government spending. Ultimately (corruption aside) all thr money goes back into our society
Well that was a bit tongue in cheek, but we could certainly have a vastly simplified government structure. For a start, we could devolve most things to the states and leave the Federal Government with as few a powers as possible.

I have to take issue with your second comment though. While it is a fairly common attitude it is certainly not right in my opinion. Governments allocations of resources (ie spending) are always more inefficient than what would be done by the private sector. You may argue about what the funds are spent on but the inefficiencies are hard to deny. 

And the money certainly doesn't all come back to us. It is entirely possible to collect revenue for taxation and then just waste it completely - like giving $440m to that little Charity to spend on saving the Great Barrier Reef. You are certainly not going to get $440m of utility. 

At it's simplest, most tax revenues come from rich people and go to poor people - taxes are at their most basic a transfer of wealth. I'm not going to advocate zero taxes and I do believe some wealth transfer is beneficial for a harmonious society, but when you forcibly take money (tax) from one person and give it to another there is certainly a point at which enough is enough. Taken to extreme, this policy is to advocate socialism, and while lots on this sub would support that, most rational people do not.
They'd have to move beyond a feasability study for that to happen, and that's not going to happen before may. Too much 'religious freedom' to protect.
It's easy to argue from the perspective that it's not "fair" to pay more than your share. After all, this is the land of the "fair go"! Why should I pay more than John next door even though we get the same service? You could even argue that it's discrimination.

You're right about taxes being about transferring wealth. This is 100% factual and it is a reality that the rich subsidise the poor. This is how human societies work. If you do not wish to participate, you may move smack bang into the middle of Australia and live off the land.

I can see why you have no faith in our federal government in handling money.

Government spending being seen as inefficient is just corruption being endemic. For too long we've been seen as the "lucky country" but with things like Obeid, QLD Labor, half a billion barrier reef grant, National Fraudband Network, Dastyari and his dirty chinese bribes, Mike Baird retiring from goverment to land in a comfy NAB executive position, the list goes on.

Australia needs deep and reaching enquiries into every aspect of government. I'm sure your opinion on government will change after this.
True, but what happens when snowy hydro dries up or fails for some reason? This isn't out of the question with climate change. 

Instead of one massive (expensive) pumped hydro plant, a much better solution is to have multiple smaller ones dispersed around the country aided by batteries for fast response.

With enough interconnected renewable sources across the entire country, only a relatively small amount of storage will ever be required.
The pro-renewable advocates are just as dogmatic as the pro-coal advocates, I just want cheap and reliable electricity, I don't care how we get it, we are too small of an emitter for us to make a difference anyways.
Lucky renewable are cheaper and more reliable than coal then!
&gt;The next time they get into power they will just undo it all over again.

That's why having a proportional upper house is so useful: a partisan majority can't just arbitrarily push things through without discussion and negotiation
&gt;vote greens 1 then alp 2

*[incoherent FriendlyJordies screeching in the distance]*
2,000MW out of 40,000MW generation capacity in Australia isn't the elephant in the room.

I love renewables, but you need to get it right.
Also, there's transmission losses to and from Snowy.  Smaller plants nearer to the source&amp;load may well be cheaper.
He's flat wrong on that video, flat wrong. The whole idea that it's about just making government at any cost is stupid, they still will, whether it's in coalition or not, because the Greens can't take enough votes from Labor to cost the ALP an election *because* preferences wouldn't flow to the libs anyway. He's just fucking wrong
https://old.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/98evp4/stacking_concrete_blocks_is_a_surprisingly/  
https://old.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/98s0q0/this_flow_battery_could_power_green_homes_when/

Summary:
One term of the Coalition, one term of Labor and one term of no Government?
The way I see it is, get to 50-75%+ renewables before the next Coalition government.
I don't see what the issue is with government spending.
I love renewables, but you need to get it right.
&gt;The next time they get into power they will just undo it all over again.
They would need at least 3-4 terms to get the country back on track after the failure of this Coalition government.
The next time said fuck-weasels get into power they will just undo it all over again.
You are certainly not going to get $440m of utility.
I can see why you have no faith in our federal government in handling money.
