Original Response:
[deleted]
Well in DW. If we are talking about the team that we finished Hot with. 
We certainly have a Dragon hunter with their moms longbow. 
A herald.
A Reaper with a great sword from their sister
maybe holosmith with holosmith moves.
Core mesmer
Core ranger so far.
Sometimes I think it would fit our bisexual salad friend to have banners but seems pretty core.
What? Bisexual salad? Who?
From context I assume they mean Canach.
Yeah, wasn't Taimi's force field basically a Holosmith effect? Even though ArenaNet puts Guardian effects on everything
Who is the holosmith then?
Taimi maybe.
Taimi, one would assume. Granted, she's more of a golemancer than a player-class Engineer of any sort, but her creations do have a lot of holography involved so I can understand the point.
Despite its name, holosmiths don't really work with holograms, but Zephyrite sun crystals/magic. It's a rather odd choice for lore given the theme and the name, tbh, but that's what Anet decided upon...

[Holomancers](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Holomancer), however, do.

She's basically a Golemancer/Holomancer hybrid mixed in with dragon magic tech (Scruffy 2.0 utilized Primordus and Jormag energy in Daybreak, based on dialogue an upgrade from after fighting Balthazar).
She did.
Granted she isn't the first or last holosmith so I assume the technology in lore is nothing new after scarlet
I always thought he's an engineer considering that he's the explosive master in the story. The other salad we know is Caithe and she's a thief.
Yep, even in the fight against him he dropped mines all around the place. He always was some kind of warrior / engineer mix,  with more and more focus on his engineer side as the story progressed.
I really wish the Holosmith were based on holomancy, akin to how [Elli](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Elli) used it to [fight in the personal story](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkFL1DNEzpg) instead of a brand new "out of nowhere" Zephyrite sun magic. 

It was already there, never understood why they didn't go that way.

Having a big holographic clone that mimic your moves would have been quite fun. Some kind of engineer / mesmer spec.
&gt; brand new "out of nowhere" Zephyrite sun magic.

Well, I mean, it's technically not out of nowhere. The Zephyrites were introduced with sun magic as part of their Aspects, and we've already gotten a number of skills (primarily via Aspect Arena) which aren't too dissimilar thematically to holosmith.

However, the designs (the hexagonal look particularly) do look more asuran than anything else, so it is weird nonetheless, and probably would have been better if it was a "advancement on Elli's hard light holotech designed for personal combat use."
Yeah true that's a way better take of what i meant. The sun magic was a thing, but the way it was integrated into the engineer seemed a little out of nowhere and thematically overlapping with the asuran technomagic and holomancy we already had.
As I recall in the interview, they begin with the class concept and work out the skill set, and *then* work them into the expansion. Basically, they exist because of the expac's setting. Scourge is the necros hanging around in the Desolation, Deadeye are thieves that learned to hunt with rifles in the desert, Holosmith are Amnoon engineers that experimented with Zephyrite Crystals, Weavers are elementalists that learned dual attuning from Djinn, and so forth.
He's kinda an odd duck. He wears heavy armor and mostly follows a Warrior fighting style, so I've always viewed that as his primary class, but he certainly does have a penchant for explosives. He uses mines often, and his doppelganger busts out grenades when fighting against Mordremoth, so there's a compelling argument that he's got some Engineer in there as well.
Aye believe he's wearing heavy armor too

Summary:
Who is the holosmith then?
&gt; brand new "out of nowhere" Zephyrite sun magic.
Well, I mean, it's technically not out of nowhere.
Despite its name, holosmiths don't really work with holograms, but Zephyrite sun crystals/magic.
