Original Response:
Antibiotics are still being found because veterinarians are still prescribing them. Critical antibiotics are being used because there are no equivalent treatments as yet. The number of antibiotics has increased because they are having to use substitutes. Animals didn't stop getting sick after the regulations went into effect. Author also makes no mention of the FDA Center for Veterinary Medicine's five year plan regarding antimicrobial stewardship.
Can you elaborate on the FDA plan you mentioned?

The meat farming industry in the US as a whole is disgusting which is why these animals get routinely sick.

The standards need to change and be enforced.
https://www.fda.gov/animalveterinary/safetyhealth/antimicrobialresistance/default.htm

I agree the practices are abhorrent and standards should be stricter. However, it may be worth considering that the US also has some of the most inexpensive meat in the world.
&gt;However, it may be worth considering that the US also has some of the most inexpensive meat in the world.

And high rates of cancer, diabetes and obesity.

Countries with slavery have the least expensive diamonds, coffee, sugar, gold, etc.  That's not really a positive thing.
Sanitary conditions is clearly too much to expect.
By and large, people aren't complaining about antibiotics prescribed to sick animals by veterinarians. They're complaining about antibiotics used routinely in animal feed as growth promoters.

[source](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK216502/)
Nothing you've written here justifies, whatsoever, the use of antibiotics of last resort in livestock. It's unbelievably unacceptable.
Spread em out, they'll do better.
yeah I guess. Maybe farmers are not aware of the current situation
Oh come on
The problem isn't antibiotics for sick animals, it's widespread use of antibiotics in animal feed for healthy animals. You know this, you choose to ignore it and pretend the problem is something else. Why is that?
Your dollar is your vote.  
Every time you skip putting meat on your plate, or milk in your glass, you’re helping, or at least doing less harm.

Summary:
However, it may be worth considering that the US also has some of the most inexpensive meat in the world.
&gt;However, it may be worth considering that the US also has some of the most inexpensive meat in the world.
