Original Response:
[deleted]
Bender on a cup team.


Lots of people are saying an all star because you make all that money that you can leave to your family, but i would rather members of my family actually earn their way, not leach off of me.I don’t know what I would do if I had 100M in the bank. I don’t need it and a Stanley cup would mean more.



Seriously, the only thing that I would splurge on is guitars. And even that would boring at some point. Being happy is the most important thing.
In my defence my post wasn’t about my family leaching off of me. It was that I have a limited amount of time in my career to support myself and my family. Not that I want to give money to everyone I’m related to and let them mooch of me. Very different scenario
I don’t even mean extended family. I mean immediate family.


Also, the 3-5 years this bender plays in the league should make plenty of bank to live comfortably. Once you get to a certain amount you shouldn’t need any more. I’d rather have my decent earnings and a cup.
3-5 years of league minimum is still not very comfortable to live on after taxes. Your only looking at like 1.4-2 million depending on where you live. That’s about average lifetime earnings for people. Not a super amount by any stretch. You’d have to have some really good investments and a really poor lifestyle for a while for it to pay off and be able to support you.
So by the age of 25 you make what most people will work for to the age of 70 to obtain... 

Assuming a 5% return (average is 8%)...
If you have 1 mil in the stock market at 25 and don't touch it, you should have 9 mil at the age of 70.
Even 100k leads to 1mil by 70. And this  is assuming no further contributions allowing you to spend 100% of net income (likely 50k coaching college hockey in a small city)
What’s wrong with that? I don’t know what I would do with so much money. It seems like a burden in all honesty.
&gt; I don’t know what I would do if I had 100M in the bank.

Well there's charity.
Don’t feel right doing that either. Natural selection exists for a reason.
Well then I hope your neck beard ass doesn't have fertile children who breed
I don’t have a beard.
I got better things to do than argue with some transpobic loser on the internet.  Ain't worth my time.

BYYYYYEEEEE
Byyyeee girlfriend!

Summary:
I don’t have a beard.
I don’t even mean extended family.
I don’t need it and a Stanley cup would mean more.
