Original Response:
Yes IMO I’m in Ohio folliwed this closely possible cartel hit these folks had a LARGE weed grow operation i believe.
Correct. In addition they were mouthy and bullied several local people. 

Karma is Karma I guess.
If being mouthy and allegedly bullying people= murdered in cold blood. Then karma is bullshit.
[removed]
In Ohio too. I actually drove by one of the Rhoden houses the day after it happened going to Athens. Super surreal hearing about it on the news, turning a corner on 32, and then bam, news trucks and cop cars all over the place. I remember hearing that cartel/rival drug gang was a top rumor right after it happened. Seemed like the Rhoden family was involved in some shady stuff. I don’t think it was *the* cartels though, because as I recall there was a child left unharmed in one of the houses, and it seems to me that the legit cartels would have just killed him too. They aren’t really known for their “moral code” and IMO a cartel hit squad would have just killed everyone and everything in the houses. I really hope they close this one one day because it’s been super fascinating from the start.
Mouthy and bullying should not = death so no karma is not karma the way you phrased it.
Ohio resident here. Operation was not large at all. They had a dozen plants or so. Nothing worth cartel involvement.
Really, the local news a few months after made it sound multi locational and significant ( thousands of plants) to my understanding? Yeah couple dozen plants isn’t getting one person let alone a family slaughtered...
Sorry I just looked it up, it was around[ 200 total plants](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pike_County,_Ohio,_shootings#Discovery_of_marijuana_and_cockfighting_operations) but even that isn't anything the cartel would get involved with.
karma IS bullshit.  terrible things happen to good people everyday and vice versa
[removed]
There were 2 children I think.

They only left those ima me to make an identification alive so I think cartel is still very possible.
I believe it was a bigger set up than 12 plants. They had a whole grow set up that was probably worth a good bit.

Also someone might have found out that they had cash stashed there.
They definitely could. that many plants you are bringing in tens of grands putting out enough that you could make it hard to move into that area and potentially have large amounts of cash that they couldn't bank stashed in the house.
200 plants really isn't a lot for a redneck grow op

Summary:
They had a dozen plants or so.
Karma is Karma I guess.
Operation was not large at all.
