Original Response:
Hey everyone, this is my first time posting here, I've been a bit of a lurker until now.

So you all know about the Sunspot Observatory right? Well the FBI shut it down with no explanation about 2 weeks ago, and just recently they said it was because someone had child pornography so it had to be closed to catch/investigate them. 

This makes no sense because they completely evacuated the houses and facilities nearby, which is not something that would happen if it was just the child pornography.

Further there were black hawk helicopters circling the site, suggesting there was a more important event occurring.

I just want to hear your opinions on it, what you think they are hiding, and why.


Here are a few links for proof/summaries if you are unaware of the event:

https://www.news.com.au/technology/science/space/revealed-truth-behind-fbis-mysterious-evacuation-of-sunspot-observatory/news-story/c708f5987e8ad79ff08df3fc80392495


https://www.express.co.uk/news/science/1016998/solar-observatory-sunspot-FBI-new-mexico-alien-conspiracy-UFO
My theory is that they may have tracked a solar flare or asteroid heading for earth, and are hiding it to prevent panic
Solar flares (rather coronal mass ejections, which is what I think you mean) travel very fast and it would only be a 3 or 4 days between sighting one and the effect on earth.

We're also in a solar minimum right now so solar flares and sun activity in general is low, relatively speaking.
Cool, I didn't know that. What do you think is being covered up, if anything?
I don't think they're covering up anything other than the pedo investigation.

Other countries have observatories after all and there are other not closed US observatories and satellites constantly observing the sun.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_Dynamics_Observatory
Naw bro. That's too logical of an answer. /S
No offense intended, but... Anyone that believes the official story as to what happened at Sunspot Observatory, either hasn't seen all the details as they played out from the beginning, or just blindly believes anything they're told.

&amp;nbsp;

I dont think its aliens or solar flares, but I'm also positive the story they're feeding us is BS.
So you don't believe the official explanation but don't really know what did happen but it definitely wasn't what they said happened. That's fine, you're entitled to your own opinion.
That user believes the official story for *everything*. He’s constantly in here shitting on conspiracy theories, and telling everyone to just listen to whatever the media is currently saying.

Pay him no mind.
That's not accurate. I don't believe a word that comes out of the Kremlin or the Whitehouse.

And I don't "shit on" theories, I demand evidence for extraordinary claims. 

Glad to hear I'm occupying that space in your head, completely rent free however. What a deal!
Blah ^blah ^^blah ^^^blah....
Do you think you're the Gate keeper of this sub?

https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/92djs2/welcome_to_the_new_and_improved_rconspiracy

News flash - you're nobody.
Spoken like a true douchebag.
So brave 😢🇺🇸
That's everyone's theory :)
What part of the sky can only be seen from New Mexico?  Why couldn't anyone else see it since there are other observatories that were open?
They evacuated and closed the place because the person caught with child porn threatened to kill his coworkers.

I think in instances like this, jumping to conspiracy theory is pretty stupid. If there was something to be covered up, it would have been done much more quietly.
Depends on the power being utilized through those lenses I guess. Also different lens diameters yield different results. Not an expert, just my two cents.
The person who still hasn't been arrested?  Nobody has been arrested, to my knowledge, in this entire ordeal.
Why close the post office? Did he threaten them too?
Or they noticed the solar flare had a really weird pattern and decided to mail out raw data
To my knowledge, there hasn’t been a solar flare that’s wiped out all electronics on earth.
black knight satellite?
Wasn’t there some purple “lasers” coming from Jupiter or Saturn or something like that around the same time that the observatory was closed.

Don’t know if anything else came of that.
After the whole "thermal blanket" thing it would be hilariously awesome if the black knight satellite not only turned out be real, but was accidentally captured on film in high res by an awesome telescope like that, I have to admit.

Summary:
What do you think is being covered up, if anything?
I don't think they're covering up anything other than the pedo investigation.
So you all know about the Sunspot Observatory right?
I just want to hear your opinions on it, what you think they are hiding, and why.
&amp;nbsp;

I dont think its aliens or solar flares, but I'm also positive the story they're feeding us is BS.
