Original Response:
[removed]
What recourse do you even want?  You aren't welcome because you trash talked his relationship.  You told him what you wanted to tell him, and he's choosing to marry his fiancée.  He trusts her, so sit back down.  They've been involved for twelve years so their relationship obviously works for them.

&gt;I think she did more than "kiss" him.

Unless you have proof, you need to back the hell off and keep your nose out of other people's relationships.  Even if you do have proof, he's not going to not marry her because you don't like her.  You're being left out because you've been incredibly nasty with your selfish behavior.  You shouldn't be welcome at their wedding, and they made that decision together.
I forgot the password to my throwaway so I made a new one.


How can I let him be with someone who has such a big moral failure? She cheated on him. She's disgusting for doing so. Wouldn't you want to be warned and protected?
You don't know exactly what she did, so please stop saying she is a disgusting cheater
^someone's ^projecting ^methinks
Lady, I say this with all the grace and humility I can muster at the moment, you need to fuck right off with your pompous, indignant attitude and realize that if you can't be happy for your brother and Melissa, they are under no obligation to have you attend their wedding.
&gt;How can I let him be with someone who has such a big moral failure? She cheated on him. She's disgusting for doing so. 

And yet you let her watch your kids, and stay in your house, but her clearly being good to your kids and trustworthy with other things isn't enough?
If she’s so “disgusting,” why have you let her babysit your kids for the past decade?
Let? My dude. This is nothing. To do. With you. Get your head out of your ass and understand that not everything is about you.
It’s not your place. He forgave her. He’s choosing to marry her. Just stay out of their relationship. It’s THEIR relationship, no one else’s.
&gt;Wouldn't you want to be warned and protected?

Does it seem to you that your behavior here is welcomed? You're martyring yourself and nobody else in your family cares. 

So I think the answer is no. Relationships survive cheating incidents all the time. Your protection isn't being asked for and is obviously unwelcome. Act accordingly.
Meh. I think someone who is 32 and dating a 20 year old is disgusting and has moral failings but mileage varies for every person on what they find disgusting and a moral failure.

As for being warned and protected...I mean, your brother found out a decade ago that she cheated on him. There is no warning or protection you can offer him because all of this happened a decade ago.

I think the real issue here is that ten years ago you told your brother not to get back with Melissa because she was going to break his heart again. He didn't listen to you and that got you mad, but you crossed your arms and went "Well, he'll see. She'll do it again and I can have the 'I told you so' satisfaction."

Now, here we are ten years later, and you haven't been proven right. In fact, you've been proven wrong because he's going to marry her. 

I know that when you read this you are going to say it's not about being right, you are looking after your baby brother, it's about morals, blah blah blah...but you are just in denial, just like you are in the post you wrote:

*I was hurt and told him it was unfair because I had been there for him regardless*

*My brother called a few months ago to let me know that he asked her to marry him and I just couldn't be happy for him*

You say you've been there for him regardless...well, being there for him regardless means being happy for him that he is marrying the woman he wants to marry. You couldn't do that therefore your belief that you are there for your brother regardless is false.
So I'll be honest, I take this sentiment a little personally. When I was around 20 years old, I also emotionally cheated on my girlfriend. It is a completely devastating event, and you are right that it was a moral failure. But people do change and betrayed couples do reconcile. I realized my mistake just like apparently Melissa did, and have worked tirelessly to be a better person and significant other in the years since to right that wrong. 

I recently got engaged to the same girl, and if I discovered that someone was against my relationship and my wedding because of that years-old mistake, I would be hurt and upset too, and wouldn't want that person present. Most people can recognise that someone's actions are not a reflection of who that person can become down the line. People change so much, especially from their early twenties onward. You are being hurtful and straining your relationship with everyone around you. You should trust your brother because ultimately your family is right: the only person she had to win back was him, and it appears that she's done so.

You are holding grudges for no other sake then your rigid sense of self righteousness.
Ultimately your brother's decision to forgive whatever transgressions she had was HIS CHOICE and something that is BETWEEN THEM. It has nothing to do with you. You've now spent a fucking decade punishing her for something that (you think) she did. People change, people move past things, and your negativity about her and their relationship has no place at their wedding.

You're going to poison your relationship with your brother, his fiancee, and the rest of your family if you continue to preach from your soap box about how one thing 10 years ago makes this woman a despicable person, without ever stopping to reflect that maybe you're the one that has become despicable.
She messed up ONCE when she was 20.  Your brother forgave her and she's obviously proven herself in the decade since then.  Back off.

Summary:
She's disgusting for doing so.
How can I let him be with someone who has such a big moral failure?
&gt;How can I let him be with someone who has such a big moral failure?
Your brother forgave her and she's obviously proven herself in the decade since then.
Wouldn't you want to be warned and protected?
Even if you do have proof, he's not going to not marry her because you don't like her.
So I think the answer is no.
