Original Response:
What's up, reddit homeslices?! We're superhero rock band The Aquabats! We've been around since 1994, put out 5 studio albums, and had a TV show called The Aquabats! Super Show! 2019 is our 25th anniversary as a band and - thanks to the raddest fans in the world - we're going to be releasing and touring our first new album since 2011's Hi Five Soup!
 
We are:

 - The MC Bat Commander - lead vocals
 - Crash McLarson - bass
 - Jimmy the Robot - keyboard, saxophone
 - Ricky Fitness - drums
 - Eaglebones Falconhawk - guitar
 - Proof: https://twitter.com/TheAquabats/status/1045440499081834497
 
We're also bringing back our live action adventure show, The Aquabats! Super Show! as an online series next year, with Jack Black as an executive producer! Our fans have been asking us to crowdfund new music and episodes for years, so we finally did it! We're counting down the final hours of the campaign RIGHT NOW in an epic 4-hour live stream. We're even gonna answer some of your questions LIVE ON THE STREAM!
 
Order a pizza and come party with us, kids!

WE'LL START ANSWERING AT 1PM PT! GET THOSE QUESTIONS IN!
 
OUR ROCK PARTY LIVE STREAM (starts at 2pm PT / 5pm ET): http://theaquabats.com/live

OUR KICKSTARTER CAMPAIGN: https://theaquabats.com/reddit

EDIT 1: Keep em coming! We're prepping our Live Stream and will be back at it at 2PM PT! Tune in, homies! You might even get your question answered on air!
Love you guys, but one of your lyrics has been bugging me for years... 

How can she be a *Martian* girl if she's from *Planet V*? 

Was she born on Planet V, then moved to Mars, or were her parents of Planet V but she's from Mars?? 

If been wondering this for YEARS, please send help!
Best question in the AMA. @The_Aquabats needs to answer this!
Maybe Mars is Planet Z?
What a wacky nutty alien she was
Whoa this changes everything about that song
Maybe she's ethnically Martian but she was born on Planet Z.
I sure hope someone got fired for that blunder
Maybe her parents are from Mars
She was actually from Planet P, which makes the situation more confusing.
They answered this at a show I went to in about 2001... The mcbc put his pointer finger to his thumb, held up his other three fingers, and said...

I DON'T KNOWOWOWOW!

That's the definitive answer as far as I'm concerned.
You literally stole my question and they still didn’t answer it. 

THE PEOPLE WANT TO KNOW
Isn't it Planet V? The question is still valid either way.
I’m pretty sure “she” just identifies as Martian. “Her” parents didn’t understand it at first but they eventually came around.
But why? WHYYYYY??
This is reddit, its /u/The_Aquabats to page someone!
Why do you have to put labels on everything. Gosh.
Via wormholes subverting the very fabric of space-time?
Yes! Edited
I thought planet v was the name of a band she was in
Planet V is the name of the band she was in on Earth. "The V Girls" were going to be characters on their "In Color" version of the TV show. You can hear a Planet V song on Rice Capades, a sampler from The Aquabats! old self made label Horchata Records. [Planet V - To Serve Man](https://youtu.be/IswLDMyLvr0?t=27m57s)

Summary:
Maybe Mars is Planet Z?
I thought planet v was the name of a band she was in.
Planet V is the name of the band she was in on Earth.
We're even gonna answer some of your questions LIVE ON THE STREAM!
We're superhero rock band The Aquabats!
