Original Response:
are there actually any sumo fighters who had good records in the early stages of mma? legit question
There were a couple of sumo fighters in the first few tournaments. They all got fucked up. Then, as joe Rohan would tell you, machida has a sumo background
Ah yes, Horsemaster Joe Rohan
[deleted]
They suck at it. The body type is useful because their matches are short and they have about 100 matches a year. Doesn't translate well to mma with much longer matches.
Also the distinct lack of finishing techniques kind of hurts the art in mma. Every once in a while someone will get knocked out by head slaps in a sumo match but most of the time everyone walks away relatively unscathed.
More recent, but Baruto beat Peter Aerts, Ironhead Fujita, and Tsuyoshi Kosaka. The sumo in the early UFCs were no good as far as sumo go. American sumo is like CFL compared to the NFL. Baruto didn't try to strike much, he tried to takedown from the clinch, push people into the corner, or rain down strikes from the top. Heres a bid of him vs Aerts, unlike most sumo who inexplicably try to brawl he actually sticks to his strengths and executed a game plan. https://youtu.be/1mnj09FYn6I
Jesus, the way he kept punching when the refs were actively trying to stop him is disgusting.
Watching that all I could think is if he wasn't bigger he wouldn't have much chance. He really didn't have much skill. That ground and pound technique was garbage.
No they all got destroyed. To be fair to sumo, they weren't necessarily the best sumo wrestlers though, even tho the best of sumo would probably still get crushed. The sport is just too different to be assimilate with mma.
It was his first professional or amateur MMA bout.
Yarbrough wasn't the only. You forget Japanese yokozuna Koji Kitao competed in UFC as well? He got stopped by a broken nose despite he scored a takedown and was already working for a mount.
Forgot about that guy. His MMA bouts were a decade after his retirement from sumo though, so he was hardly in his prime.
I heard he retired early.

Summary:
are there actually any sumo fighters who had good records in the early stages of mma?
Doesn't translate well to mma with much longer matches.
His MMA bouts were a decade after his retirement from sumo though, so he was hardly in his prime.
