Original Response:
[removed]
You can't make him get better, but you can tell him what you will and won't tolerate in a relationship and hope that he will do it for one or both of your sakes. You cannot love him better.

"Boyfriend, I love you. I want the best for you. I understand how terrible things have been lately, but I am so scared for you and how much you're drinking lately. I really need you to seek help with a counselor who can help you with your loss. If you don't, I'm so scared to think of what will happen to you. And I'm not sure I can just sit here and watch you harm yourself like this." And if he won't seek help... then you are within your rights to walk away and keep the door open for when he is willing to seek help and take care of himself.

Of course how patient you are with this can really depend on how long it's been since his brother passed... if it was a week ago I'd be much more patient, versus six months ago.
He lost his brother a month ago. He doesn’t want to stop drinking and doesn’t think it’s a problem. He is already addicted and I’m so disappointed in his decision to do this when this is what his brother died from. He has so many people depending on him, I’m so sad for him. He’s the type of person who gets irritated and shuts down when you point out problems.
So make it simple- "we've talked about this, you know first hand how dangerous this is and how horrible it is to lose someone to alcohol abuse. I can't watch you carry on like this any more. Your options are to seek help or to watch me walk away." Don't point fingers, just lay it all out flatly, no excuses, no justifications. If he starts being irritated and belligerent when you say this, just repeat yourself. It's not an ultimatum, it's you stating what you cannot accept any longer in relationships for your own welfare. If he is a partner worth keeping, he will do the right thing. If he isn't, you're in the right to move on and find someone who is.
Ok I’m going to say something along those lines. I have a gut feeling that he’s going to choose alcohol. 😕
Then that really sucks for him, that he would rather poison his body than get better and he would willingly lose a relationship with someone who loves him in the bargain. You're worth more than that and you deserve better than someone who would make that choice. But give him time to make up his mind (a day or two should do) and hopefully he will think it through when he is calm and more reasonable following his initial reaction.
I just gave him a whole speech about how his family and I love him and that I don’t want him to go down this path because alcohol is dangerous. He said he’s not going to become an alcoholic and that he’s fine. He just deflects.
He’s in total denial now and he’s getting angry 😬. I’ve done all I could do right now. Hopefully in a few days he will come to his senses.
That's all we can hope- is that he wants to get better and is willing to be brave enough to do what he needs to do for himself. Big hugs
Thank you! 😭 He said he won’t go to counseling but I can give it so more time and exhaust all my options before I make the cut 😭😭😭
Just remember- if you state there is a consequence for someone's behavior and don't follow through, they will not learn to respect what you say. If you told him you would leave him in, say, a week if he didn't turn this around, then not following through sets a bad precedent for anything else you tell him about what you need or expect for or from him. Good luck hun
He already is an alcoholic. Come join us over at /r/alanon we're friends, family, and partners or addicts and we understand what you're feeling
Don't know of anyone that drinks a bottle of vodka EVERY NIGHT that isn't an alcoholic
Thank you. Heading there now!
Then he doesnt deserve you in his life
[deleted]
OP, do not diagnose your bf with alcoholism based on his current behavior. It is a situational reaction.  It may turn into a genuine alcohol use disorder but once you start seeing it through that lens and “detaching with love” you may lose objectivity.
I’m not diagnosing him with anything at this point but what he’s doing is a problem that he needs to take control of.
I agree, but I’m trying to give you some perspective and not have you go down the road on insisting he get treatment for addiction when that’s not the issue, at least not yet. His grief is VERY new. It takes years to really process a loss like this. A month? He’s still in the acute stage. 

I say this as the wife of a psychologist, a survivor of several periods of grief, and a veteran member of various addiction support groups. 

Regarding the addiction support groups—people would sometimes get sent to us because they turned to alcohol in times of grief, and they just did not relate at all to what we were saying. Sometimes these folks would feel even worse because of this. A grief support group would be better, IMHO.
For sure. I don’t think he needs to go to rehab or anything. I’m just trying to get ahead of it before it turns into a real problem as I can see that it’s headed towards that. I asked him to see a grief counselor but he won’t. I told him I would go with him and sit in the waiting room or car, that I will do anything to help him stop and heal but he’s not having it because he doesn’t see it as a problem. 

With him I try to choose my words very carefully because he’s always been like a scared deer. He doesn’t get emotional support from his family at all. He doesn’t talk to anyone but me about it and even then it’s limited. I want him to know that I have his back and that I support him but I will not support him poisoning himself. I will endure the struggle of this time but there needs to be a point where he bucks up and takes control of his life. I know a month isn’t long but like I said I’m just trying to take steps to at least stop the emotional drinking.
This is true for most cases, but it's a little premature to diagnose it after a month. I've known many people who behaved destructively for somewhere between a month and a few months after suddenly losing someone they loved. Hard drinking, constant unsafe sex, eating pretty much nothing, etc... but most of themselves snapped out of it. They weren't alcoholics, sex addicts, or anorexics. They just needed to figure out another way to handle the grief. 

That doesn't mean OP has to stick around for this process. It's just, people can have terrible and out-of-character short-term habits without it meaning they've developed a permanent affliction.
I get it, and this really is a terribly difficult situation. I think you are on the right track by continuing to support him, but it must be hell watching him do this to himself. 

It sounds like he has no experience with others really having his back, or with how beneficial therapy can be. Of course, you will continue to reinforce this as long as you can, but no one will fault you if you decide you need to move on for your own sanity. Only you can really say where that line is. (I’ve cut ties with people because I couldn’t bear to watch them circle the drain, so I get that there’s a limit to anyone’s compassion).

Summary:
He already is an alcoholic.
He doesn’t get emotional support from his family at all.
I have a gut feeling that he’s going to choose alcohol.
I’m not diagnosing him with anything at this point but what he’s doing is a problem that he needs to take control of.
I don’t think he needs to go to rehab or anything.
I get it, and this really is a terribly difficult situation.
I want the best for you.
I want him to know that I have his back and that I support him but I will not support him poisoning himself.
