Original Response:
It’s such a shit show every single time. People go INSANE. 


*”But you’re a mother! How can you think like that?”*

*”You must hate motherhood!!”*


And my favorite (and most fucked up one)


*”Why didn’t you abort your own child then?”*


What the hell!! So the moment you become a mom you automatically become Mother of the World and want every single conceived organism to come to life? Are you telling me that mothers cannot be feminists and supportive of others own decisions, as well? I hate people!

**EDIT: Guys, when I say "pro-abortion" I obviously mean "pro-choice" I understand vocabulary matters and pro-abortion sounds like advocating the killing of all babies, but that is not what I meant. You see, the friend I am talking about lives in a small town in Mexico, where the word "pro-choice" doesn't really exist, you just say, *"a favor del aborto"* which means, "in favor of abortion" it sounds too in your face but that is what I mean and I thought everyone here would have some common sense to understand that, alas, those people that need everything explained with apples and oranges never fail to show up and try to correct something that isn't wrong.**
[removed]
No, women that do abortions are realistic women.
I wanted to be a mom more than anything. We had to try for 2 years to get pregnant.

I had my first child. He was planned. He is happy, healthy and I love him more than life itself.

Incredibly soon after I got pregnant again, and without even a shadow of doubt in my mind I got an abortion. I knew that I didn't have the mental capacity, energy, capability, money etc. to care for a second child so soon. And if I'm being honest, I didn't want to. The thought horrified me.

So no, just being a mom doesn't change your ethical standing on what people should and shouldn't be allowed to do with their bodies and their lives.
I am already a mom. I am pregnant because I want to be mom to another baby. If this baby god forbid has a severe illness or disability that will give them no quality of life, I will choose to have an abortion. If this baby is born healthy and I accidentally get pregnant again afterward, I will choose to have an abortion because I will have all of the children I can realistically support. It has nothing to do with my willingness or ability to be a mom.
https://www.salon.com/2015/04/24/i_am_pro_abortion_not_just_pro_choice_10_reasons_why_we_must_support_the_procedure_and_the_choice/
Women with children have more abortions than anyone else. 

https://www.google.com/amp/amp.slate.com/articles/double_x/doublex/2011/10/most_surprising_abortion_statistic_the_majority_of_women_who_ter.html
Edited my message to include existing moms
[removed]
Your reading comprehension needs some work. As I said, I'm literally pregnant with another child right now. If I were to get pregnant in the future after this one, I would terminate. And it isn't because I'm "unwilling to mother" another child, it is because I couldn't financially support another child and still give the children I already have the things they deserve in life. I would be unable, not unwilling.
Nice edit, you're a special piece of human garbage.
After my third was born, in an attempt to connect with me on a political level (?), my JustNo Nmom revealed she was 100% pro-life "I mean, can you IMAGINE aborting her?" "Why would I do that?" "Well, because. I mean, she's so precious. All of them are. Can you imagine having aborted them?" "Why would I abort them? Wait, you know they were all planned, right?" The look of dawning horror was exquisite. No mother, my kids weren't accidents like I was. 

I am just as if not more pro-choice since having kids and I let them know during "the talk" that there are alternatives. I'll be sending them to college with a list of ob-gyns for BC and check ups, a box of condoms, and 2 doses of Plan B. And I will never shame them for being normal and having sex or becoming pregnant unexpectedly or their final decisions.
You’re a good mom, I wish my own mother was like you!
Lol!!! 

First of mine planned, second was a total surprise. (I foolishly thought since conceiving the first was tough, the second would be too. Ha ha.) 

All kids should be planned. All kids should be wanted. Doesn’t always happen. But still. 

My surprise baby is now a vehemently pro-choice teenager. “If you didn’t want me, I’d rather that you’d have aborted me. That’d be ok with me. No guilt about it, mom.” 

“You weren’t unwelcome, we just had no idea you were joining the party so soon.” 

“I know. But if you’d chosen differently, I’d be ok with that. That’s all.” 

There’s some deep thinking going on there. 

I had gallstones with her at about three months pregnant. The doctors wouldn’t even think about treating them in any capacity until I was no longer pregnant. So I could opt for an abortion and get treated immediately. Or wait until she was born and have the surgery then. Until then, they wanted nothing to do with me. 

Women’s “health”care. Gotta love it.
SMH. My mom said similar things to me after I had my daughter. She knows i'm pro choice and was baffled that the "miracle of motherhood" hadn't changed my mind. 

She also thinks my kid was an accident/surprise since we weren't married yet. Lol, I know how babies are made, that's I how I got her with the person I chose, not anyone else I had been with, at a time when my partner and I  both wanted to conceive. As for before then, thank goodness for condoms, birth control, plan-b and other options.
Your family sounds great. Also, your username :)
HOLY SHIT.  You lived with gallstones for SIX MONTHS?!  I had my gallbladder removed earlier this year, and before I had the surgery, I thought I was going to die, the pain was unbelievable.  If living with gallstones for the remainder of your pregnancy isn't enough to define a "wanted pregnancy" I don't know what is!  

You are a mighty woman, and I salute you!
I am not on the doctors side on this one..but gallstones are not equally awful for everyone. 

My gallstone attacks were every few months.  The pain was rough but could be controlled by diet for the most part.  Mine felt like pressure and discomfort but my wife said "its like im being stabbed with an ice pick every 30 minutes or so"

If her attacks were more like mine then its reasonable i suppose.
Yeah, the people who argue “well what if *you* were never born?!” to me because I’m pro-choice. I’m always thinking how the hell would I know that I wasn’t born? It doesn’t make a difference to me! 

Your daughter and I share the same sentiment. As the kid, I’d be ok with whatever my parents chose because it probably would’ve been the best choice. And honestly as an unborn baby I never would know lol.
This is not the only post in this positive spirit, but yours actually made me cry a little. Thanks!
Thanks. The attacks fucking sucked. I remember the first time they happened it was like 1 am and I was on my knees in the living room wondering if I had a perforated diaphragm or WHAT. It was incredible pain and it would just last for hours...until finally it was like a rubber band snapped around my rib cage and I could breathe again. I had Vicodin for it eventually, but didn’t really feel great about taking it, what with having a baby in there, plus it didn’t do that much good. 

I’d had #1 in the hospital, and would rather have chewed my own leg off than go through that again. So...she was a home birth without pain medications. (So was I, actually.) 

If I had to pick, I’d choose unmedicated labor contractions, because at least they come and GO, not just stay for hours and hours. 

They laughed at me in the OR because they asked my heavily sedated self to say why I was there. (Last cross-check.) I looked at them blearily. 

“I’m here to have my son of a bitch of a gallbladder removed.” 

Really super glad that’s over with.

Summary:
"Why would I abort them?
I had my first child.
"Why would I do that?"
I am already a mom.
I wanted to be a mom more than anything.
I am pregnant because I want to be mom to another baby.
All kids should be wanted.
I had gallstones with her at about three months pregnant.
You’re a good mom, I wish my own mother was like you!
And if I'm being honest, I didn't want to.
I would be unable, not unwilling.
