Original Response:
Can't figure out if I'm full of crap. I feel more like a wolf in sheep's clothing the more effort I put in to being a faithful Christian. As soon as I try going to church or a Christian group, I feel seriously out of place or as if I don't belong and need to get as far away as possible. Is that normal? I'm a 25yo, racially mixed male, straight, wears a tie to work, no tatts or drugs... it can't be that hard to fit in...right?? I feel more at ease and get along far better with non Christians or with random people at a bar.
It totally depends on the church. When I moved to LA it took me so long to find a church where I felt at home. I bounced around rudderless for a long time - particularly in my 20s. Mostly I was always finding one of two things A. A big, dull, dutiful church where no one seemed to interact and never said "hi" to me or B. An energetic church plastered in big fake smiles that descended on me the moment I walked in the door, asking me to come to the men's retreat before I'd even sat down at my first service. No thank you to either.

I'd suggest checking out some different denominations if you're not too locked into a particular doctrine.
Isn't it weird, you'd think the big guy would point you to a church that suits you and stop wasting valuable worship time..? He works in mysterious ways, huh? Like giving AIDS to babies in Africa and all that, what's that about? But it's all part of his plan. His vindictive and twisted plan..but we all just lambs so shouldn't question him or nothing.  
God bless.
2edgy4me
Well, how else do you justify the abhorrent things that happen everyday? God is almighty and knowing. It's all his plan. 
Suffering. Death. War. Famine.
All his work. It'd be sick if he was real.
Luckily, he isn't.
To be honest you’ve hit the nail on the head of a question religious people have struggled with for millennia. You kind of can’t justify it. That’s part of what faith is. Faith that God really is good, even though all that awful shit happens.

Call it what you want, but I think looking at capital-b ‘Being’ as essentially good is better than the other path.
And also from your first comment about not questioning him - let’s be honest, the dogma from fundamentalists is that God can’t be questioned, but throughout the Bible, people do question God and he actually sometimes changes his mind. It happens throughout the Old Testament, so its not like it isn’t part of the canon.

Again, certain people don’t like having the way they live their life questioned, but if God is real and almighty the way we’re told, I think he’s strong enough to handle real objections like why does suffering exist.
Things like AIDS and flesh eating parasites didn't exist in the days of Eden. They are genetic corruptions from the fall.
Do you want an honest answer or are you just looking for the satisfaction being such a cool, shocking contrarian? 

I have several answers for your question if you really want one.

Answer number one: This world has such awful things in it because we have free will. Human beings are flawed, angry, prideful and greedy. Even the best of us. If everyone were to follow Christ's teaching to love everyone, care for the poor and the sick and to give freely of ourselves, then War, famine, and AIDS babies in Africa would not be problems. Not because God is punishing us, but because we are punishing ourselves with our behavior. War is man made. Famine is man made - there is enough wasted food to feed the entire staving population of the earth four times over. The spread of AIDS in Africa could have been curtailed long ago with proper education and health care. If we were all one people, who loved and listened to each other and watched out for the least, many of the worst of these things would not be a problem. But we're not. There is no one who is perfectly good - certainly not a bunch of Christians we could both point out. Hell, I am sitting here writing this on a computer that was probably built by some over-worked, under-paid, (possibly child) laborer in China. But hey, I "need" a computer, so I contribute to a global economic system that exploited someone I'll never know. A system that will continue to create wars and leave people sick and starving.

Okay, okay but even if I accept that free will is the cause for most misery globally, why does God allow these bad things to happen to Christians? Isn't God supposed to be acting directly in his followers lives? Yes, he is. But, as the world is full of pain and suffering, we need to be a part of the world in order to understand it, reach out and empathize with it. To have compassion. When someone is going through something, the support of a person who has gone through that thing and can say "Here I am. I got through it. So can you." can be very helpful 

I was homeless for almost two years about 12 years ago. Now I make very good money, live in a great neighborhood and have a beautiful wife and kid. That was the transformative power of God in my life. But going through that period of having nothing was so important to who I am now. There is a pretty terrible homeless problem in Los Angeles and it spills over into my otherwise fairly upscale neighborhood. Every time I start to think negatively about those people, it helps me to remember where I was not all that long ago. And whenever I'm able to give them some money, it always comes with an acknowledgement that I was once in their shoes. Our church has a food pantry I get to direct them to as well - an interfaith food pantry, so no it's not an "accept Christ and we'll give you some rations" deal, in case you were wondering. Also part of our church outreach, my wife and son help feed the homeless lunch at the park every second Sunday of the month.

When I was 13 my mom had stage 4 breast cancer. I am an only child of a single mom. If she had died, that was my whole family. Thanks to the doctors at Virginia Mason in Seattle, she survived. She was on an experimental chemo and she was the only person to survive it. Science saved her life. But God got us through that time. It was our church who surrounded us and took care of us in that time. Our church who allowed her the peace of mind to fight it and our church who looked after me and gave me peace in that time. Our church was the arm of God in that time of life which was unfathomably dark. To this day, she attributes much of her survival to that love from that community. 

"But why did God have to give your mom cancer in the first place? Couldn't he have just told you how to love with his awesome God powers?" Well, firstly, I don't believe God *makes* anyone sick. As stated above, I believe we are children with free will and that has lead the earth to a state where things like war and disease run rampant. But if he is all powerful, why would he allow that? Doesn't merely allowing it make him evil? Well, would you rather live in a totalitarian state where every aspect of your life is controlled but you are safe, or would you rather live in a free country where life is full of risk? It's the same choice. People desire to be free. We chose this world. And while God allows people to become sick, if one is plugged in to God and his people, flawed as they are, a great deal of good can come from that. When I was 13, I was literally changing puke buckets for my bald and likely-dying mom. And it was okay, we both found strength and got through it because we were surrounded by love and support. And for the rest of my life, knowing what that kind of supportive, communal love looks like, I can give that to other people. I can tell others who are going through the same thing "I know what you are going through" and they can feel less alone.

"But, but, but" You say. Even if we all contributed freely to the least, lowest people. Even if we had no war. Even if science was driven by the common good rather than by corporate, profiteering interests. People would still get hurt, hurricanes would still knock down houses and flood streets, people would still die and life would still be hard.

Yes, it would. But you know what? People need life to be hard. Going through rough times creates empathy and compassion. It builds character. Look at all the people who have been handed everything on a silver platter and never really had to go through anything or deal with any hardship. Are they all awesome people? Or are they often the least compassionate, self-absorbed, hateful people walking the planet? Look at Trump. That guy was handed everything and he's a total dickhead.

Going through hardship doesn't have to be a curse. I have had a pretty hard life for an American and yet, I don't see it that way. I have a great life. And my life is even greater for the hardships. Because I know how blessed I am in every moment and how precious are the gifts I have been given. My wife and kid are waking up upstairs right now and as I hear them, I am so grateful. I can look back on that time I was sleeping on a park bench across from the guy who smelled like pee and know that for however long this moment lasts, it is that much more precious. And I thank God for it.
He planned that too.
It is a metaphysical consequence of free will. Similar to the corruption before the flood.
You only call the god that you follow "god" because of where you were born and raised. If you were born in Indonesia, you'd have a different god. It surprises me the way that such intelligent people can be so obviously brain washed with this religious cult information. I am an atheist and I treat people with care and respect. I don't hurt anyone. I just don't believe in your idea of God or any other god. I think religious beliefs have been very damaging to the course of human history which extends for several hundred thousand years btw.
There have been over 300 gods and deities created by man. Yours is just another one.
Oh right. How did those penguins walk to the middle east? There are an estimated 10 million different species of animal on earth. Did those 2 people get two of each species on a boat, feed them for the entire voyage, stop them from eating each other and then let them off the boat to breed at the end of the flood? Of course, it would be serious inbreeding. Just like how Noahs sons would have had sex with their mum and produced offspring to restart the population. It's so ridiculous. Don't you wish there was a better explanation? How did he build this enormous boat?
I am not here to answer your every question. We only pretend to make sense of the world we live in. You have no tangible reference for what qualifies as ridiculous. If you doubt the power of God, that is ok. When you hear an explanation that involves a miracle from a God you don't try to disprove it by mentioning all of the things that could go wrong as if God doesn't know how to account for those things. If you want an answer that potentially resolves these strange "inconsistencies" I would say that the division of the continents came well after the flood, as a joint process with the tower of Babel, and there is a lot of information to digest about that period and how the flood and the biodiversity afterward works if you cared to do research. We make up these approximations for how time is supposed to work to try to explain away the strange intricacies of how the Present day is set up, and we are comfortable hiding it all in the numbers. The same species of bird appears in completely different parts of the Earth? Oh they must have just gone insane and migrated across an ocean at some point. That's a completely acceptable explanation right? I am not saying that is "wrong" but there is no framework for what is ridiculous. Only a bias. God did not write world history for us. Mainly because it's not really helpful to know or understand fully because there is always more questions.
[removed]
I respect your beliefs.  I also do not keep faith. I used to be an atheist who made the same arguments you do. Eventually I realized the real reasons behind my personal predispositions and projections. This is not a passive aggressive attack, just simply how I left such emotionally fueled ideas I cultivated. God bless you and I hope you find more truth in your life as you seek it, whatever it may be. The worst thing to do is have apathy.
[deleted]
Cheers, you seem like a good person.
&gt;You only call the god that you follow "god" because of where you were born and raised. If you were born in Indonesia, you'd have a different god.

Actually Christianity is the main religion in Indonesia, so you missed the mark there. But I totally get your point and you're not wrong. That doesn't mean much though. I grew up in America with the Imperial measuring system. Most of the rest of the world is metric. Metric is better. That doesn't mean I can't use Imperial to measure things. 

Plus, people convert all the time. It's a small world. People change religions fairly often.

&gt;It surprises me the way that such intelligent people can be so obviously brain washed with this religious cult information. I am an atheist and I treat people with care and respect.

These two sentences contradict each other. You treat religious people with condescension and disdain, yet say you treat people with respect. Those aren't actually in line with one another.

As for your being an Atheist. I certainly have nothing against that. Many of my best friends are atheists and I was one for several years in my 20s. Faith is personal and if you don't have it, I can't force you. It's something you need to experience on your own. 

&gt;I don't hurt anyone.

Sure you do. We all do. Especially if you are involved in modern society. Maybe if you're a hermit, living off the land, but then I wouldn't be talking to you on reddit. The power you consume to browse the web is dirty and pollutes the air, the car you drive is dirty and pollutes the air, the food you buy is farmed in factories that are dirty and pollute the air. All these things contribute to Global warming which will kill us all, unless it is stopped. Do you watch porn? I'm sure you do. That hurts people. It is an exploitative industry, which ruins lives. Do you buy clothes that were made in China or Taiwan? That hurts people, through slave wages and child labor. Do you pay taxes? Your dollars have been used to kill people. Do you come into r/Christianity and shit on people's deeply held personal beliefs so you can feel superior? That also hurts people.

Do you try not to hurt people? Great. Do you do your best to be a nice person? Great. I believe you. And I'm glad that you are doing your best. But we are all part of a corrupt and destructive machine that hurts people and unless you are completely living off the grid and disconnected from modern society it is virtually impossible to not be contributing to.

&gt;I think religious beliefs have been very damaging to the course of human history

This is a ridiculously broad statement that has almost no merit. While the moral fundamentals imparted by religion seem endemic now, they were not always that way. Many ancient cultures had wildly different morals than we do today. No, modern people don't need religion to teach them modern morals and people can certainly be good (as good as a human can be anyway) without religion. But there have been many cultures in the past that were far more brutal, which would seem morally reprehensible in today's view. (We descended from primates after all, who can be a rape-y, vicious bunch.)

The modern set of morals we work with today are a direct result of religion.

Yes, religion has been used negatively as a weapon or tool of control by governmental system and authoritarian leaders throughout history. So has Atheism. Stalin is estimated to have killed 20 times more people than those killed in the crusades. Power hungry men, will use whatever tools they have at their disposal and manipulating people through twisting their core beliefs is a big part of that. Whether that is in a God or against a God.

Yes, the Catholic Church is responsible for the repression of certain science during some eras. (Sorry Galileo) but it also established the university system, which is the basis for our higher education to this day and funded more hospitals throughout history than any other organization.

The problem with religion is that it requires people to carry it out. And as I've established, people are fundamentally assholes - even the good ones. Yes, a great deal of bad has been done in the name of religion throughout the years, but a great deal of good has been done as well and despite the seeming opposition of both ends of the spectrum, the history of modern science is intrinsically tied to the church. 

Also... the history of Western art, literature and even the act of writing and reading itself are tied deeply into the roots of the church.

While you may believe religion to be responsible for most war throughout history, very little war was fought over gods. Mostly wars are about land, money and power. Only about 10 percent of the wars in history have been fought solely over Gods.

&gt;which extends for several hundred thousand years btw.

Oh my word, you are so crazzy. The Earth is only 5,000 years old. Or that's what I might say if I was a literalist and believed you could get the age of the earth by adding everyone's ages in the bible. That's silly. Biblical literalism didn't even start until the Protestant Reformation and  didn't take its current shape until the 1900s with the rise of the fundamentalist movement. For most of the history of the church, it was understood that scripture required interpretation. You're not shocking anyone by listing the age of the species. I also believe in Dinosaurs and evolution. 

&gt; There have been over 300 gods and deities created by man. Yours is just another one. 

There have been way more that that my friend. The Hindu have over 30 million in their pantheon alone.

Heck, in the early days of Judaism, Yahweh was just one of many Gods. A tribal warrior God for the Jews. So while Christianity only believes in one God, it springs from a religion that - several thousand years ago transitioned from panthiesm to monotheism.

But, not being a literalist, I am cool with that. I believe that God is real because I have had numerous deeply personal experiences with him. They are proof to me. My proof is not a book. I don't follow God because the Bible tells me to, I follow the Bible because God tells me to. Maybe God tells some other people to follow The Eight Fold Path, or The Vedas, or whatever. Or maybe those religions are following demons disguised as Gods. I don't know. What I do know is that the message of Jesus - as lost as it is on so many Christians these days is that we should love one another, care for one another, forgive one another and that we are all - even the worst pieces of human garbage - worthy of such love that he would die for them. Frankly, if it's all a delusion, I don't really care because that is a message that means something to me. You are worth dying for, whoever you are. 

Anyway, I'm happy to keep this conversation going as long as you would like. I have lots of links to share and all that malarky, but it's getting late and I'm getting tired, so I'll save it for tomorrow.

Peace.
Well when I lived in Borneo, Islam was very much the main religion. And in Malaysia next door.
Nope, you’re totally right. I read an article saying Christianity was the state religion and assumed that meant it was the majority religion but that is clearly not the case.

Summary:
I don't follow God because the Bible tells me to, I follow the Bible because God tells me to.
I have a great life.
And I thank God for it.
Even if we had no war.
But God got us through that time.
People need life to be hard.
I just don't believe in your idea of God or any other god.
I am not here to answer your every question.
Do you try not to hurt people?
But if he is all powerful, why would he allow that?
God is almighty and knowing.
"But, but, but" You say.
God did not write world history for us.
I have several answers for your question if you really want one.
Well, firstly, I don't believe God *makes* anyone sick.
But I totally get your point and you're not wrong.
Whether that is in a God or against a God.
I also do not keep faith.
Yours is just another one.
That was the transformative power of God in my life.
I certainly have nothing against that.
And for the rest of my life, knowing what that kind of supportive, communal love looks like, I can give that to other people.
But, not being a literalist, I am cool with that.
But it's all part of his plan.
Faith is personal and if you don't have it, I can't force you.
Even the best of us.
