Original Response:
How come the only thing I can picture here is u/CircusMammoth furiously taking notes and screenshots for a Sunday Shitpost entry in 2024?
Fuck me, someone put a bullet in me if I’m doing this in 2024.

Also this is past the point of even being slightly humorous anymore. I’m too old for even this shit.
Sunday Styled Shitpost coming right up.  I'll clone anything.
I’ll gladly hand the mantle over to you, it can be someone else’s cross to bare.
No thanks.  The Digest alone keeps me busy throughout the week.  No way I want to go dig through old threads to find the good shitposts.

I can only do so much without interfering with work/home life.
They’re big boots to fill.
I got you.

PM me if you're serious, I want to be more active here and TRY to turn the sub more into a community again instead of... Whatever this is.
This entire comment thread is gold.
I’m half kidding and half not. There’s plenty ways to be active on the sub regardless of what’s happening currently.
I know. This really spurred me into action though. Recent breakup means plenty of free time and a want for community and other people, IRL or online. I've "always" had this sub, so now I want to help fix it and make it feel like a community again.

Even if you just need help with anything, drop me a PM. I'm not always the quickest to get back to someone, but I'm normally responding within 5 minutes (unless Battlefield 1 or 5 has my attention)
Plus you'd probably get banned for bringing further light to it.

This mod team seems to hate transparency and rules applying to them as well.
I’ve honestly stopped giving a fuck at this point. I’m tired and want to go home.
If this isn't the sole subject of the next Sunday shitpost series... Well... Idk. In my years of just being on the internet, I haven't seen anything like this.
I have the 365 day old rule for a reason. I’m sick of this shit already, I’m not going to be writing about this whether next year or in ten years.
I guess I'm more hoping that by next Sunday this will have blown over to the point that a mammoth summation of the events works
Well the other factor in it mate is that the people involved what I write about aren’t active or I have no personal ties with. This unfortunately is the opposite where a lot of people I’m friends with, and was friends with, are directly involved. Just speaking candidly.

But I share your hope of this just blowing over and settling by the end of the week.
I'm in your boat too... This whole thing is a mess. I don't think the mods should step down because of their ban actions, but one can't govern effectively with no public trust. In that vein, it's over, they gotta go.  

They also broke one of the cardinal rules. Assuming they could censor the internet. If it's been posted. It's likely there forever.
I'm pretty tired and I am home.  I should just go to bed.
I’m pulling overtime.
Luckily for me, my office closes at 5 no matter what.  I am, however, jumping on that sweet OT train on Saturday for a full day.  I feel your pain, comrade.
I’m my own boss which makes me a masochist.
Thank you. The obsession with this issue is fucking annoying, this shouldn't be involving everyone. It's like half the sub feels the need to keep this issue alive. I want regular vape talk and silly questions again.

Summary:
I should just go to bed.
I’m tired and want to go home.
I’m too old for even this shit.
I'm pretty tired and I am home.
I've "always" had this sub, so now I want to help fix it and make it feel like a community again.
