Original Response:
Hey everyone,

I have been a smoker for around 7 years and have been smoking at least a pack for the last 2 years. I have been thinking about getting into vaping for a while and this monday decided to get a device. 

I had a bit of a research but it seemed complicated and I had a shop nearby, so I said what the hell and just went there and said that I was a heavy smoker and was looking for a complete replacement. They recommended vaporesso swag kit (0.4 ohm at 60 watt) as a good replacement, so I bought it. They recommended 3 mg nicotine juices, I bought one bottle of 3 mg and one 6 mg even though they said it was too much.

It wasn’t what I expected at all. The flavor and clouds are cool and all, but it just couldn’t stop my cravings. 6 mg one would stop them a bit WHEN I vaped like the whole tank, and 3 mg one was just completely ineffective. I was okay at home since I could actually vape without time constraint with the 6 mg one, but at work, my little breaks didn’t fill me up at all.

Being frustrated, I bought a pack of cigs, even though I hoped I wouldn’t and felt really bad about it, so ordered another one yesterday after just a few days, smoant S8. Our currency is not doing well, so this really hurt me financially and I’m sort of regretting my decisions. 

So my question is, will smoant S8 do better than swag kit for me, or am I just not accustomed to vaping yet? And if it’s the first one, what kind of juice would you recommend? My job sometimes gets stressful and I smoke 2 cigarettes without pause regularly, and I really want to get that effect without having to waste 20 minutes, while holding my breath after inhaling, hoping I would get more nicotine.

And before anybody say it, I know that I should have been more careful and made a wider research. Thanks in advance.
Smok novo. Don't waste your time looking for anything else. Grab 35mg nic salt juice. I personally was ok with 25mg. The first week is a bitch. It's up to you to quit smoking. I'm almost on my 2 month not a puff of cigs. I used 5 different devices. The novo is all I need. Best of luck. After 4 days or so it gets better and you will start feeling better not smoking
Congrats on two months my dude!!!
I already ordered Smoant S8, so it's a bit too late for me to get Smok  Novo. I heard great things about Smoant S8, but I will definitely consider your advice if this doesn't work out either.

Thanks for your encouragement!
Thanks pal! You can do it! It's worth it.
Lol haven’t had one in 5 years myself. I’m not OP. Just someone who’s happy to hear it’s working for ya!!
Haha I deff missed that! Thanks again tho! And I hope one day I can say the same myself and hit 5 years
No worries :) I’m certain you will dude!!
If for some reason the Smoant doesn't tick all the boxes for you, please don't get discouraged. There are other devices. Some people switch from smoking to vaping easily. Some people really struggle with it. Some people continue smoking but cut back to five a day and vape the rest of the time (because that first cig of the day and the after-meal smoke is especially hard to replace).

When you're vaping, you're not taking tar and carcinogens into your lungs by the truckload and that reduces the harm you're doing to your body. Ideally, you'd like to quit. In a perfect world, you'd give up nicotine from vaping as well, eat only healthy things, drink enough water, avoid caffeine and trans-fats and get plenty of exercise. But we all make compromises and you have to find a solution that works for you.

The important part is to keep your outlook positive and maintain your motivation. This can be a process rather than a one-time switch. I hope it's super-easy for you, I really do.

But if it's not, and you're feeling frustrated, we're here for you man.

&amp;#x200B;
Nothing wrong with the smoant s8 over the novo both good pod systems that will deliver your nicotine. Good luck with it stay strong vape on.
&gt;I'm almost on my 2 month not a puff of cigs.

Good work, mate. Keep it up! :)

Summary:
The novo is all I need.
It's up to you to quit smoking.
I hope it's super-easy for you, I really do.
I already ordered Smoant S8, so it's a bit too late for me to get Smok  Novo.
Some people switch from smoking to vaping easily.
And if it’s the first one, what kind of juice would you recommend?
