Original Response:
[deleted]
Anyone recommending Richard Rohr to you does not know what he's doing or is not a very nice person. Rohr is a joke.
Mind elaborating?
he said it would be a good "starting point" for someone like me. Someone that he said is a little bit more midline or agreeable. I can see how from many perspectives that would be a joke, or bad, but all he was trying to do was tailor something for my mindset. 

the gentleman i spoke to has a doctorate
Nah, Rohr is a solid recommendation. And in my mind a much better recommendation than someone like C.S. Lewis.
I guess it all depends on perspective :)

We talked about Lewis because I just find him very intriguing as a person. :)
&gt;the gentleman i spoke to has a doctorate

From where? In what?
University of Florida. 

World Religion and Theology.
Rohr mistakes new-age vocabulary for profundity. He's a lot like Matthew Fox. He shoehorns Christian theological vocabulary into the service of this nonsense, often claiming the Fathers are on his side when they are decidedly not. But, he writes for a popular audience - people whom Rohr knows will never check on his citations. He calls those of us who do "rigid" and such. We're just not spiritual enough to get what Rohr's on about.
University of Florida doesn't offer a doctorate in either of those fields - certainly not theology as it's a state school.
https://religion.ufl.edu/graduate-studies/

https://catalog.ufl.edu/UGRD/colleges-schools/UGLAS/RLN_BA/

https://religion.ufl.edu/courses/

I have the textbooks. My whole family is UFL alumni lol
Great, then you know that the University of Florida *does not offer a doctorate in either World Religions or Theology*. 

[Here](https://religion.ufl.edu/graduate-studies/fields-of-study/) is the relevant link that shows the fields of study available at University of Florida. They do not offer either "World Religions" or "Theology" as a field of study for their doctorate.
I used a general statement. He got his Ph. D from there. Don’t get on me on semantics dude. I didn’t ask what his exact degree was, I just asked where he studied and UFL was one of his answers. 

He’s been a pastor and has been on a religious academia board in my area for *thirty years*. Just because he recommended a guy you don’t like doesn’t mean you need to try and discredit him. 

Maybe he got a degree in Religion in the Americas. Maybe he got his bachelors there and did grad school at the other place, the name of which I don’t remember. 

The bottom line is he’s more educated and experienced than basically anybody on this sub or on the rest of reddit. I’m sorry that his recommendation upsets you this much.
&gt;  Don’t get on me on semantics dude.

This isn't semantics. It's literally pinning down what the guy has his Ph.D in.

&gt;He’s been a pastor and has been on a religious academia board in my area for thirty years. Just because he recommended a guy you don’t like doesn’t mean you need to try and discredit him.

I'm not discrediting him. 

&gt;Maybe he got a degree in Religion in the Americas. Maybe he got his bachelors there and did grad school at the other place, the name of which I don’t remember.

Okay, well that's another possibility. It seems you're not really familiar with his academic work - you're just trusting his reputation. 

&gt;The bottom line is he’s more educated and experienced than basically anybody on this sub or on the rest of reddit.

Untrue, but okay. 

&gt;I’m sorry that his recommendation upsets you this much.

I'm not upset in the slightest.
Did you really rage quit your own thread? Good lord. I was just interested in where this guy did his doctoral work to see where he's coming from in his recommendations.
I deleted it not because I was mad but because I figured it wasn’t worth clogging it up until I had solid answers for you, honestly.

Our discussion would end up for outweighing the rest of the thread, which one other guy responded to. 

I was going to contact the guy tomorrow, get some polite answers, and get back to you. I apologize for the lack of communication
Alright, so to directly reply (idk if I’m doing this right) he went to University of Florida for his undergrad. He finished his “Secular” studies in Philosophy and Religion in the Americas. He then went to the Garrett Evangelical Theological Seminary, and has been pastoring since 1983.

I honestly should’ve just google searched him.
Ah, but while there are harsh critiques to be made, remember the saying "Das zerstoßene Rohr wird er nicht zerbrechen"...

Summary:
Maybe he got a degree in Religion in the Americas.
Great, then you know that the University of Florida *does not offer a doctorate in either World Religions or Theology*.
I was just interested in where this guy did his doctoral work to see where he's coming from in his recommendations.
Don’t get on me on semantics dude.
They do not offer either "World Religions" or "Theology" as a field of study for their doctorate.
Just because he recommended a guy you don’t like doesn’t mean you need to try and discredit him.
