Original Response:
I guess this means Tom Wilson will live "rent free" in our heads for the rest of the year.
Well, it certainly means that Caps fans will be able to get their jollies by responding "rent-free!!!!!!" to all your fanbase's comments. Welcome to the club.
"Don't need to live rent free in someone's head if their brain is already turned to mush"

-[Tom Wilson](https://media.giphy.com/media/d3mlE7uhX8KFgEmY/giphy.gif)
It was a real blast being a part of the “NO CUPS! LOL!” club for a bit.. pens fans had no issue with that one
we have a few dumb, loud idiots like every other fanbase
I mean the "no cups" was at least better than "hey that player that consistently injures other guys on purpose lives rent free in your head." Like of course we're gonna bitch when tom Wilson injures our players a lot without significant consequence.
Ehh, cracking jokes about the number of Cups is entirely different than cracking jokes about a cheap player dealing nasty hits.
More than a few.
It’s just fans talking shit over nonsense they don’t control.  Pens fans just don’t like getting shit back.
I'd say it was a very large majority of Caps fans defending this piece of garbage last season.  I get what you are saying, and most of the time it's true....but in this particular case I don't agree.
Yeah I remember on the ZAR hit a good chunk of caps fans were defending it but I give them props now for this one, at least their fan base isn’t catering to him anymore and all of us, caps fan or not, are in agreement this one was bad and he needs to cut this stuff out.
&gt;very large majority

I get it, there's a massive hate boner going on right now, and I'm not expecting this comment to do very well, but you *seriously* think that a *very large majority* of our fanbase actively cheers dirty hits? A few idiots post that constantly, and we'll post it when he does something totally innocuous that everybody gets up in arms about because it's Tom Wilson, but I see a lot more Pens fans eager to trash us than victory parading Caps fans.

EDIT: yeah, okay, this is a wasteland. I'm gonna go join the rest of the Caps flairs in a deep dark hole somewhere until y'all cool down and stop accusing us of being cartoon villains. Have fun Pittsburgh, it's Christmas for you
No cups is just a factually accurate statement.  "Rent free" is laughing about people having potentially career ending injuries.  If you don't see the difference you are the type of caps fan that everyone hates.
inb4 *BUT THE PENGUINS EMPLOYED MATT COOKE!!!*
I'm not saying that they are cheering on dirty hits, I'm saying that last season most of them (On reddit) defended Wilson and his stupidity.  That happened, go back and check threads if you really want to...but they are just full of Caps fans arguing with everybody else trying to put the blame on everybody other than Wilson.

Also, I'm not a Pens fan.  Just thought I'd clarify that as well, it's not just PIT fans who hate Tom Wilson.
I lived in DC most of my life. It’s one of the most intelligent parts of the country. But man...your internet fans are legitimately the dumbest fan base in any sport. I think it’s because most of you know that there’s no use arguing with strangers, so the ones with common sense just stay out of it while your official internet voice has no clue which way is up.
Imagine thinking "but you mocked our no cups" is a good counter to it being pointed out that people were mocking head trauma.
Hmm, a joke about Stanley Cups is the same about players receiving traumatic brain injuries?  Good one
You're not even hating on Tom Wilson. You're hating on our entire fanbase for having Wilson on our team. Every single time Wilson does something dumb the threads are full of people attacking almost completely absent Caps fans for "defending" him.. like this thread. I'm actually just getting off reddit now because I don't feel like getting beat over the head by this subreddit for my eagle flair. I'm sorry Tom Wilson is on my team.

Summary:
Also, I'm not a Pens fan.
Pens fans just don’t like getting shit back.
I'm sorry Tom Wilson is on my team.
You're not even hating on Tom Wilson.
