Original Response:
Hey there,

E specs bring a chance for growth or change to the 9 classes.
Ranger/Druid/Soulbeast very much speaks to changing or adding mechanics for depth and growth of the class.

With the recent dreadnaught raptor skin; the heavy weighting and strength it portrays very much draws into my thoughts of a mounted E spec. A combat mount wouldn't have the speed or finesse of the transport mounts we have.
Rather a slight increase in speed (+25%-+33% equal to swiftness) as to not be hyper mobile as normal mounts are.

Rather add or enhance how a class plays.

Eg:

Ranger.
A selection of pets can be mounted with F5, changing F1-4 with F1/2 being species and F3/4 being the subtype. Two targets/health bars - you can either target the ranger or the mount or both using AoE.

Guardian.
F keys are enhanced.
F1 brings out a Drake/Wyvern of Justice; changing 1-5 while mounted.
Appropriate beasts for F2/3.
Shared health due to being an extension for the Guardian.

Anyhow, these are just a some examples of rather dramatic mechanic changes for an E spec.

What mechanic additions or changes would you like to see for your respective class?

How close or far should such changes be from the base profession?

Sometimes it is horse and cart with E specs; how would the mechanic change keep in theme with the profession?

Thank you for reading,

-Phyrak
Id really like a proper healing guardian.

I like the hybrid nature of firebrand, but I want to heal like a druid does. Can use staff and then weapon swap to mace/warhorn for the new healing weapon. New utilities could be glyphs?
A healing guardian would certainly be interesting.

Reminds me of my wow days in that Paly could be a back up healer - I don't often play support but I do support those those who do :)

A warhorn could be a rad weapon to bring

What sort of F1-3 changes would you like to see with the healing style guardian?
&gt;but I want to heal like a druid does

Firebrand already beats druid at healing though, druid isn't anywhere near as good of a healer as people think.
The paladin thought is right on the money for me. I've always enjoyed playing support and always thought a healing guardian would be so fitting. 

I gave the f skills some thought, but it's tough because they always tend to have an offense, healing, and defense lean already. Maybe they change completely similar to scourge losing necro shroud?

My immediate thought is an Uber healing mode similar to druid, but, admittedly it's not very original.
Straghht up? I should get some magis gear and give it a fair shake. Staff doesn't seem like it would be that great for healing on it's own
Uber healing could be rad

Something like the priest holy mode of WoW for the F2 in a similar fashion to Druid F5 

Maybe for F1; give out life steal and burn to allies

F3 would be pulsing out tanking and aggression to allies 

Offensive support in that mindset perhaps?
Yoooo there you go. F1 could be kinda like Ashes of the Just or something similar. Support is about more than just healing after all. Good thought!
I do enjoy the tomes

I wish they were a little more permanent

Perhaps this theoretical E spec would be where we find our middle ground
People don't take druid for the healing to begin with, because while it's lower than FB - it's still way more than actually needed.

Druid is picked for the unique buffs it offers that increase damage output further, which isn't something FB can do anywhere close to the same level.
Spotter, spirits, glyphs, and war horn all day. Only use the staff if I have to cover a mishap from something.
The point was only the healing though
&gt;healing

Summary:
Support is about more than just healing after all.
A healing guardian would certainly be interesting.
What mechanic additions or changes would you like to see for your respective class?
Staff doesn't seem like it would be that great for healing on it's own.
