Original Response:
Which head coach is the most likely to be on his way out if his team doesn't start off well?
Quenneville is an interesting case to me. I still think he's a good coach, but if Crawford comes back and the team is still bad, do you think he goes?
There have been statements (I can’t remember if it was Wirtz or McDonough) that if we start the year off badly, expect to see changes. And I don’t think that means changes in the lineup. Q and Bowman are definitely in the hot seat. I personally think Bowman will go before Q though.
If he does, he'll be out of a job for ten minutes
"We just wanted a change of pace-"

"K gonna win a cup over here."
The organization has made it clear their priority is making the playoffs, if we suck again then Q or Bowman will be replaced. 

I am somewhat optimistic, though. Q acknowledged that he continued to play a style that didn’t really fly anymore and is more than willing to make big changes to find success again. He has been a legend for so many years, I have confidence in his ability to alter the team and make them win again. After his first ever losing season (as in a sub .500 record), he going to be pissed and want to dominate.
If I'm Chicago I'd fire Bowman before Q.  He did manage to keep their core intact but at the same time, he's given out about 5-6 very very questionable overpayments, 3 of which are/were crippling salary-wise and seems to be more content on brining in former Hawks in an effort to improve rather than changing up the supplementary pieces around their core.  However, as a Blues fan, I hope you guys fire Q first.
Isn’t there some real differences between what Bowman and Q want? I could see Bowman pulling the plug if he’s got that type of power within the org
I wonder how many teams would fire their head coach to hire Quennville? Maybe like 10?
If Q can warm up to new styles of defending and give players more of a chance to prove themselves, things can improve. If he continues doghousing players and not giving guys like Kempny a chance, we'll be fucked.
Bowman also made a few questionable trades. His trade deadline moves haven't been great other than the Vermette trade.
I'd agree, i think that sort of lumps in with the "bringing back the old core" stuff.  He traded for Ladd a couple years ago when the Hawks needed defensive depth more than a middle 6 forward.  There was also some non-deadline deals where they got absolutely robbed.  Sharp and Stephen Johns to Dallas for actually nothing (Daley who they flipped for the worse Scuderi who played in less than 20 games with Chicago and I don't believe brought in any useful assets), Leddy to NYI for basically an okay defensive prospect (Vile Pokka), a below-average backup, and some AHL guys, Brian Campbell for Rotislav Olesz, the Bickell trade, Hjalmarsson for Murphy (this one could be better depending on whether or not Murphy improves), etc.  Obviously in the case of some of these there wasn't really any leverage (namely Sharp and Bickell), but the problem was some of the contracts given out completely handicapped the team financially.
I was hoping he'd be fired this off-season.  Can't judge Peters yet, but Quenville was my dream
I agree, but I think he’s realized he needs to adapt. There was an article a few weeks ago, don’t have it right now, where he was talking about sitting Dineen and Samuelsson down to rewatch basically all our games the past two seasons and look at what worked/what failed. 

I think he’ll always have his favorites but he showed this past season he can change, evidenced by things like sitting Seabrook, taking Duncs off the PP and reducing his minutes, dropping the minutes of Hossa/Sharp and taking Sharp off the PK, etc. 

Hoping Kempny’s success in Washington has showed him he fucked up in never trusting him haha
Didn’t Chicago fire a GM because of a malfunctioning fax machine?
Edmonton should do everything they possibly can to get him
I disagree personally, while Stan has made some bad mistakes the past few years, he’s done a very good job at building up our prospect pool and finding gems from overseas. Q just can’t seem to get as much out of the guys anymore. I think a change may be a good thing
Handzus and Oduya worked out pretty damned well, and Ladd put up good numbers with us the year we lost to the Blues in 7, so I wouldn't even really call him a bad get.  It's the giving away of Danault for two guys who rode the pine that really stings.
I mean, he’s Scotty Bowman’s son, and Scotty is a “senior advisor” with the hawks. If it’s a question of Stan or Quenneville, I think you fire Stan. But Scotty and Stan or Quenneville? The math on that is a lot tighter.
Toner needs not filled.
Tallon who drafted, Kane Toews, Keith Byfuglien and Seabrook. Yea. But the two drafts before he was fired he drafted, Beech and Skille. So there was a downward trend in his performance before the end.
He also drafted Trocheck, Ekblad, Barkov, Huberdeau, Matheson, Bjugstad...basically the core of the current Panthers team.  He did jettison Marchessault and Smith for literally nothing, though.
You gotta think everyone but Tampa, Toronto, Nashville, and Montreal would be interested.
Even Chicago?
On Spittin Chiclets Brent Seabrook mentioned that Quenneville threw a shit fit when Hjalmarsson got traded. That's all I got.
I’m a huge Tallon fan. I thought the Marchessault/Smith thing came down to the owner wanting to push a not quiet fully formed money ball but for hockey strategy that tied Tallon’s hands. 

Either way, the good with him is reeeeally good. Especially at the draft. The bad is, not getting qualifing offers in on Dustin Byfuglien and Kris Versteeg. Or the expansion draft for you guys. I’d still be happy to have him steering the ship here in Chicago.

Summary:
I personally think Bowman will go before Q though.
I think a change may be a good thing.
If I'm Chicago I'd fire Bowman before Q.
Bowman also made a few questionable trades.
However, as a Blues fan, I hope you guys fire Q first.
And I don’t think that means changes in the lineup.
