Original Response:
[deleted]
Depends on the house, if you go for a 200k house then no, but a reasonable small house at 75k on a 20 or 25 year term is definitely cheaper than renting. I recently bought a place and am paying 400$ a month vs my 900$  before.

Big houses are nice and all, but it's unreasonable to expect your first house to check all your boxes on what you're looking for. Besides, it's unnecessary to have, or want that much space to begin with unless you're raising several children with a spouse. Most people should be happy with say. 900 sqft and a basement or a second floor.

One thing to keep in mind is that you're not going to find a cheap place in a city to buy. You will almost always have to look outside the city for one. In more rural areas. The thing is though, we live in the age of the internet and online shopping, so living in the middle of buttfuck nowhere isn't a problem anymore. You may have to travel occasionally and that does factor into price, especially if you want to work in the city. The more people that move to these towns, the more amenities and jobs they get though, so keep that in mind.
really depends where you are in Canada, I guess..  Where in this country can you find a house for $75k?  Nowhere near me, that's for sure. Even for $200k you're looking at a dumpy crack shack in the worst area of the city, if you can even find one.
Why is the city the only feasible place to live? Plenty to be had outside of the city.
Because of jobs.
Because of jobs, commutes, utilities, etc. I live in the country, internet is dogshit and if you're someone who relies on it for work or entertainment, outside of the city is not viable.
75k lol

you can get a shed for that i guess

The 5 Most Affordable Home Markets

Saint John: 4 (average home price: $171,596, median one-person income: $39,163)

Greater Moncton: 4 (average home price: $174,800, median one-person income: $39,456)

Trois Riviers: 4 (average home price: $153,591, median one-person income: $34,745)

Fredericton: 5 (average home price: $179,981, median one-person income: $34,724)

Saguenay: 6 (average home price: $161,587, median one-person income: $29,125)

75 000 he says

hahahaha

"The average price of a home sold in the province of Alberta in August was $390,615, according to the Canadian Real Estate Association."

75k hahaha
yes lets move 3 hours outside of any place whos hiring

a 6 hour commute between work and your $75 000 house? sound good?

get a clue bro
3 hours? Boy howdy you sure do like to exaggerate.
Quite easy to find a house for sale at or around 100k if you're willing to look 30 to 60 minutes away from a city.

Keep in mind those averages you're quoting, the vast majority of houses used to calculate them are in the city to begin with. They are not good indicative of all housing markets across the country.
There's this thing, not sure what it's called but you've seen them before I'd imagine. Where you're given 3 or 4 things to choose from and asked to pick two. 

Well.. Theres one for living accommodations too. 

You have 3 choices

Affordable living accommodations

Abundant and low commute jobs

Amenties and extras 

If you're in a city, forget about affordable living accommodations. You'll have an abundance of jobs and all the amenities you want, but you have to sacrifice housing to get them. 

In a town you can get amenties and affordable housing, but forget about finding abundant and low commute jobs.

Now, unrealisticly idiots all over the world want everything, but they don't want to pay for it. This thread alone has a fair number of them. When told there's affordable housing as little as 30 minutes commute from a city they scoff. They want it in the city, nothing else will do.

Just keep in mind, that when in the real world, you don't get everything. You will need to make sacrifices to get what you want.

Also keep in mind that each person that moves to a town, improves it's economy that much more, eventually leading to more jobs being created.
You cant have it all buddy.  If you want to keep that job you sacrifice your living accommodations. If you want to own a house you might have to commute, or change jobs, or wait years till you can afford it.

You know what I did? I said fuck it and moved to a town under an hour away. Now I commute 1.5 hours a day. Which if I'm being honest here, really isn't that much more than I was doing in rush hour traffic every day, maybe 40 minutes. 

You know what else? As I was looking at the bigger picture, in 7 years total time my house here will be renovated and paid off in full. Meaning I could sell(at a hefty profit) and afford a much better place in the city. 

You'll still be stuck in the city going 'muh jobz'. Gotta make a sacrifice somewhere to move forward at all.
Still depends where you live. You’re not going to find a 75K house &lt;1 hour away from downtown Toronto.

You’re not even going to find a 200k house 1.5 hours away from Toronto.

You’re also assuming everyone has a car, but that’s a pretty big added expense if they don’t already.
IToronto is huge, you don't need to go downtown to find a job. The whole city has potential jobs. So judging housing distance on the downtown core is just stupid. If you chose to get into a job that had such specific requirements, that's your own fault and you have no right to complain about housing then. 

No shit, it's a fucking metropolis area. You need to  be at least 30 minutes away from that to have a chance at finding a decently priced house. Are you starting to see the downsides of putting all your eggs in one basket? Cities are great... Except when they're not.

Considering a car is almost a necessity based on how our cities and roads are constructed and our way of life in general. Yes, you should have a car. Not having one is a choice many make but sadly the only lifestyle that supports that is a city lifestyle and small town, and even then very few cities support it well. Again though, choosing to live in the city is one thing, but expecting free handouts for housing is another. Large town outside of the greater city area might even be able to accommodate your lack of car even better than a city could. I live 5-15 minutes walk away from everything. Half the town I'm in bikes. Could easily get a job here, but I guess it wouldn't be a dream job for most. Yet another sacrifice that would need to be made to get a house for a reasonable price.

Guess you just have to ask yourself.. If it's possible to be more flexible in life? Or if you're going to sit there and complain about lack of housing when you could make a change in your life that could potentially fix that issue.

Lets assume you are living in the city, decent paying job at say... 22 an hour. Would you move to a town instead, even if you took a pay cut OR had to commute 1 to 1.5 hours each day if it meant you could own a house in 10 years, get a new/newer vehicle and have double or even triple your spending cash? Because that's exactly what happened to me, sure I have a commute now but even if I got a lower paying job locally I'd still have more money end of the month than I did renting a cheap place in the city.

Summary:
If you want to keep that job you sacrifice your living accommodations.
You will need to make sacrifices to get what you want.
You'll have an abundance of jobs and all the amenities you want, but you have to sacrifice housing to get them.
You know what I did?
One thing to keep in mind is that you're not going to find a cheap place in a city to buy.
You’re not even going to find a 200k house 1.5 hours away from Toronto.
In a town you can get amenties and affordable housing, but forget about finding abundant and low commute jobs.
The more people that move to these towns, the more amenities and jobs they get though, so keep that in mind.
