Original Response:
There will likely never be another Pride ever again and that is seriously disappointing.  It’s funny, because the state of MMA is currently all about “money fights”, but who wouldn’t pay out the ass to see one last Pride?
Rizin is basically Pride. Fighting in a ring, (1) 10 minute rd then a 5 minute round, the crazy annoucer lady, Horrible mismatches, freakshows, even cro cop is there, tournaments.
But can they jump on each other's heads in Rizin?
I believe they can. The talent isn't as great but Horiguchi and Tenshin are fun to watch. I think it'll get better if we get everybody to fucking WATCH IT IT'S SUCH A GOOD TIME WATCH IT.
Sounds like the dark tournament from yu yu hakusho.  Best arc of any anime ever.
It is sad, but that’s just changes to the sport as time goes on.  This kind of organization thrived with the Japanese culture at the time and wouldn’t really work with the UFC style, and even as Saku said in his AMA Japanese MMA just isn’t what is used to be in terms of popularity.
They can. They have fights with different rulesets on the same card. Some fights are under the unified rules and some are under their special rules.
How do you stream it? Do you have to pay to watch their events?
[removed]
[removed]
There IS!!! 
RIZIN, same producer you should support them. Buy the live stream. Mostly only 15$-25$ for 5-6 hours pure action. Just support them. Tell all the peoples you know to support them.

Check the upcoming event on fite.tv  
RIZIN.13  30th September!!!
&gt; WATCH IT IT'S SUCH A GOOD TIME WATCH IT.

The cards are usually on overnight/very early AM, it's pretty difficult to do that without committing half of your weekend to staying up and sleeping odd hours.
I order them on fite.tv and you can usually watch it the day after.

/u/clutchy22 you might also be interested in that.

Summary:
Do you have to pay to watch their events?
RIZIN, same producer you should support them.
I order them on fite.tv and you can usually watch it the day after.
