Original Response:
This just happened last week. I got home from working out of town Thursday night and my wife warns me that there is a problem with my 7 year old daughter. “Beth” comes in and I can see that she has a few bug bites on her face and and one of her eyelids is a little droopy. She feels fine though. 

I am off work the next day and my wife is going to the office. I wake Beth up for breakfast and her eye is now much worse. It is more than half closed and a little red. She still feels fine. As soon as the doctor opens, I call them and they tell us to come in.  

We get there and I go to check in. The receptionist that I have never seen looks at my daughter and says “Oh. My goodness, what happened?”  So I respond as a joke “Eh, she got out of line”.   

I know!  It’s horrible. I’m sorry!  I have a weird sense of humor and I’m a bit socially awkward.  Anyway, we all smile and giggle before we head to the waiting area.  Soon we are called in. The checkup goes as expected. It’s a reaction to the bug bites and he tells me to use some over the counter Zyrtec or Benadryl.  Then there is a knock on the door and the doctor steps out. 

He comes back in a few minutes later and says that the police would like to talk to me. The doctor is angry. We all head to the Doctor’s office to talk.  

There is a policeman and a policewoman. The policewoman starts making small talk with my daughter and asks if she wants to go in the other room and read a book. My daughter has an irrational fear of the police from when her older brother would threaten to call them whenever she went in his room.  So she says no and buries her face in my side.  The police then tell me that it is better that she is in another room. I saw one of Beth’s cheer coaches bring her son in soon after we got there and mention that she may still be there to watch her. The doctor, still visibly angry goes to check and she is so Beth goes to sit with her in the waiting room. 

The police explain that they have a report of possible child abuse. The Doctor explains that this was a simple misunderstanding. He just examined my daughter and there is no abuse.  I now realize that it is the receptionist that he is angry with.  She makes an excuse and leaves the room. He says that he thinks he has to let her go. He says this is the second incident in 2 weeks. He says that her bad judgement got his practice and the entire executive park closed for 4 hours last week and his neighbors now hate him. 

The police are apologetic but say they need to do a full investigation and ask if I can come to the station.  A friend comes to pick up my daughter who is freaking out at this point. 

We get to the station (they allow me to drive there myself) and my Uncle who is a lawyer meets me there.   The police are apologetic and say they already know what happened but a full investigation and report need to be done. They say it is a minimum of 3-5 days, maybe longer.  I call my wife who goes ballistic.  

The county attorney says that they normally seek restraining orders in these cases, but if I sign an agreement to stay away from my daughter until the investigation is closed they would not seek one. My uncle recommends this as the restraining order would be public record. I stay at my brothers for the weekend and schedule an out of town trip that I really don’t need to make for this week.  I can’t wait to get home to see my family and sleep in my own bed but I’m pretty sure my wife will have me on the couch for a little while.  

tl/dr:  Made a bad joke, got investigated for hitting my kid, lost the right to see her. Sitting in a hotel room on a useless business trip.  

Edit: Spelling

Edit 2:  Update
Thank you for the gold kind strangers.
Wow this blew up.  I wanted to answer some of the questions that you guys had.  I want to thank all of you guys for the kind words and support.  For those of you saying that I am an idiot, you are probably right.

1) I will not be sleeping on the couch.  My wife got over this fairly quickly and is no longer angry.  At least not at me.

2) I am heading home from Boston tomorrow evening and I think everything should be resolved by then.

3) I will not be taking legal action against the receptionist.  She was very young did not do this out of animosity. I do not know what if anything will happen to her job. I am not pushing for her to lose it.  

4) The other story about the receptionist goes like this (as told to me by the doctor).  A few weeks ago the lights in the parking lot of the executive park blew and the landlord had trouble getting them fixed so he rented temporary light stanchions for the businesses that are open past sundown until they could figure out the problem.  These lights apparently ran on gas or diesel.  The receptionist came back from lunch one day and smelled something so she called the state's department of environmental protection to say that she believed that there was a fuel leak.   The DEP closed the parking lot for the rest of the day for "clean up".  It turned out to be nothing.
It was a good joke though. Pretty sure the receptionist should have written this... "TIFU by almost tearing a family apart over a joke"
It was legit a minor FU by OP. It shouldn't have gone the way it did, but I definitely wouldn't make jokes about beating my child in front of mixed strangers.
Oh I doubt that. This is second time in 2 weeks she did this. This kind of people hardly accept their own mistakes. She is probably blaming it on everyone but herself.
No it wasn't. He made f a fucking obvious joke. She was an idiot.
[deleted]
Yep, more likely than a TIFU post she'd be crafting a LegalAdvice post "My boss fired me for reporting child abuse to the police, what do I do?!?!1"
[removed]
These are the same type of people that get on Facebook community groups and make wild fear mongering posts.

I recently had one complaining about kids on dirt bikes flying down her road and through her yard and all these people weren't giving her shit for it because they like to ride dirt bikes. More than one person said, "Would you rather they were doing heroin on the streets!?"


As if those are the only two options.
Too many people in this world making judgments based on fear and not logic.
She's definitely the kind of person that is trying to create drama where there is none because she's so bored with her own life
She is definitely an idiot and overreacted but I think the fuck up was OP not knowing the time and place for such a joke. 

My mom, a soil chemist, once crossed the border with some white powder in a bag with Hebrew letters on it. It was a special kind of fertilizer but when asked about it she made a joke about Israeli cocaine. She spent the next 6 hours being interrogated. 

Funny joke, wrong audience.
[deleted]
Yeah. Technically this post is breaking the rules because the fuck up was not OPs fault.
Yeah the difference is he was at the one place where they could immediately tell if it was a joke or real. Who’s going to determine abuse? A doctor.
I'd argue the audience is perfect because it is obvious that is not what happened because they are in a doctors office... Nobody would take a child with a dodgy eye from a punch to a doctors office and make a joke about it. Therefore it's obvious that it was a joke, and the woman is a moron.
I would have made the same joke and only partially regretted it, even several hours in...
Your mom absolutely fucked up! Border security are well known for not taking anything as a joke.

A friendly doctor's office is a much different situation. I can't even believe you're comparing making a joke about drugs with border security (when they have absolutely no idea what that unmarked-in-English white powder is) and a playful joke I've heard parents make hundreds of times. Especially when the receptionist could have just taken the doctor aside and said "he kinda made a joke about abuse that has me worried, could you keep an eye out for any signs?"
You think abusers won't joke about abuse to make it seem like they're not doing it? Because I can definitely see someone do that just so that there will be no suspicion.
To be fair, dirt bikes are fun as hell.
Don’t make jokes to strangers about abusing your kid when they don’t know you or your sense of humor, and vice versa.

Common sense. This was a fuck up.
The kind of person who sees a guy and a girl talking at night, punches the guy in the face and asks the girl what he was trying to do to her, because anything could become a chance to be a hero.
[deleted]
Yeah, I only make jokes in front of white strangers!
Probably a lead on nextdoor
So you are saying you can't ever make jokes. Gotcha.
I’m saying exactly what I wrote. Which is not that.
With your logic you cant ever make jokes because you cant ever know how somone finds it. Offense is taken, never given.
&gt; As if those are the only two options.

They... aren't...?   

*mind blown*
Know your audience. Not making child abuse jokes to strangers is a no brainer.

“Offense is taken not given” foolishly lifts all responsibility for saying anything and blames anyone but yourself for the consequences of your words. If you’re in an environment where making an edgy joke can reasonably be expected to get a negative reaction, don’t do it.
The doctor that he told the joke to got it, but the receptionist that was eavesdropping on the conversation didn't. It was a fine joke, receptionist has no sense of humour.
I'd argue your mother was extremely foolish (probably nervous, right) and the OP really didn't FU at all, this should not have happened.
I don’t think it was the second time for this, OP mentions that the other time they closed the whole office park for four hours, so I’d guess she either reported a possible bomb, or a guy with a gun.
[deleted]
In fairness....

Yeah, you're right. But have you tried dirt bikes on heroin? *hmmmm?*
In my experience, receptionists are either amazingly sweet or catty bitches and I have much more experience with the latter.
[removed]
BRB
Yeah...he won't be back.
I have. Fuckin awesome.
You really dont understand dad humor if you think that was an FU.
Try motorizing a dirt bike then!
Username checks out? Debatably?
Hey OP.

I thought your joke was funny.
[deleted]
So?

If the only funny jokes were the clever ones we'd have a lot less to laugh about.
[deleted]
It’s not mutually exclusive.
Your personality is pestilence.
[deleted]
I think we've found the receptionist
Very interesting way of saying he sounds like an asshole!
Can I PM you from time to time to see if it is ok for me to laugh at something?
[deleted]
Wow.

8 month old account and this is what you comment on first.
I hope you have a wonderful day.
All those edits is causing me to worry a bit for you, message me if you want homie
[deleted]
yikes
You must be fun at parties
Hahaha dumb chicken. That's a good one
Its actually Dog's Ex-toy and you are very welcome
Imagine how my dad felt when i had run headfirst straight into the edge of a door, and then didntnwant to talk to any hospital staff about it
Oof
I was a quiet kid, and also typically want to be left alone when hurt, but not old enough to realize why it turned into a 10 hour hospital trip
When I was 5 I ran face first into a door knob and got a terribly obvious black eye.  Went to school the next day when a concerned teacher asked if the black eye happened at home. I said yes. Lol. At 5 years old I didn’t understand the implications of that question, just the literal answer of it happening at my house from a door knob.
My 2yo doesn't talk in public. Goes absolutely mute. I can totally picture something like this happening. 

Alternately my 3yo says random things way out of context and then doesn't have the verbal ability to explain. So he would probably get hurt and then tell the doctor "Daddy hit me with a big stick!"- when in reality daddy had playfully bopped him with a foam toy like a month ago and that is in no way related to the current injury.
Yuppp. Same thing happened to a friend of mine. Her front door was right at the bottom of a staircase and she tripped. Didn’t help that she went to the hospital with her boyfriend who is a huge and kind of scary looking guy (but really just a teddy bear of a man) She said the nurses sent him out and spent about 20 minutes interrogating her.
[deleted]
Why i was little people thoight i couldnt speak because i would not say anything. But at home i would be talking all the time
Once when I was little I went into my parent's room to see my dad who was sitting down watching some sport on tv. Just as I ran up to him he quickly stood up and went to throw his fists in the air while cheering about said sport, and I ran my mouth into his fist. I had a swollen lip, and he felt so bad. It really was an accident, and really due to my undeveloped spacial reasoning and short stature. I didn't mind though because he and my mom let me stay up late and eat Popsicles all night, so as far as I was concerned it worked out in my favor. Glad it wasn't bad enough to need medical attention and end up in some big misunderstanding like this.
lol I totally did that as a kid. Running and sliding in my house with hardwood floors in socks pretending to be the Millennium Falcon. Many lips were split.
That's how my oldest and youngest are. At 2-3 years old my daughter knew a ton of words and could use sign language pretty effectively(for a toddler). When we left the house she would only sign. People legit thought she was deaf/mute. I had to explain she was just shy and weird. She's 5 now and never shuts up.
As a teacher I can tell you if a kid tells me they 'ran into a door' and got a black eye I'm still filing a report.

That way, if there is no abuse, CPS wont do anything.

If there is  
A) the kid gets help  
B) I don't go to jail for not filing  


Edit: Since I seem to be getting a lot of death threats, let me just give a quick reminder  
'Just because it might have ended up as unsubstantiated in this case does not mean every case is unsubstantiated'  


CPS screens out plenty of cases and most like this would just be a quick talk with the kid at school without even getting parents involved. The parents might eventually receive a letter letting them know they are not under investigation anymore. CPS is good at their job where I am, and I am terribly sorry to anyone who has had their lives destroyed by CPS doing a bad job where they live. I've never had CPS destroy a good family, every arrest has had more than enough evidence to where me being a witness was not really necessary (but required anyhow).  


Me filing a report only gets the school psychologist to talk to the student to decide whether or not to escalate. It is not going to destroy your life and it is not going to force you to get a lawyer and spend all of your money.  


I'm sorry if your mileage varies but honestly I have been working at low income schools for over 10 years now and have never seen anything like the horror stories you all are posting.
Hell, I'm 27 and ran into the bathroom door frame at night just last month. I didn't want to go out in public with my boyfriend for a good week and a half
&gt; That way, if there is no abuse, CPS wont do anything. 


You must believe in unicorns as well.
Somehow I think "B" is more important than "A" to you, given the willful ignorance of what siccing cops on people does. SWATting is just a harmless prank too, I assume, to you? Context matters, get it.
False reports ruin lives. We were scared and freaked out for weeks until we were cleared. Had to leave work to go see cops, who noted no marks on him at all. Hitting was only part of allegations. Paid $1500 to a lawyer who did nothing. We didn't know what was going to happen. 

The stress managed to finish off our marriage over the next 6 months. I almost committed suicuide because I knew if I was gone he'd stay with his mom. Only alive because even in a torrential downpour the Forest Preserve Police still had their annual picnic at the park I had pulled up to to kill myself. There was nowhere to park and cops everywhere. The whole side of the park I planned on using was closed. I took it as a sign and said, "Not today."

A little bit of, "Hey, let's think this through, does this make sense?", might be in line with these things. I understand mandated reporting, but realize that it does have consequences for parents of kids who really did just run into a door knob.
Trust me I've seen more abuse in kids than anyone should, B would only actually come into play if a child told me 'I'm going to kill myslef' and then wrote that in a suicide note or something, it is rare.  


A lot of victims are trained in what to say by their abusers and are deathly afraid of talking about the abuse, so filing is important.
Some CPS departments are overzealous and that sucks, it is not always the case.
My brother had something similar. He was about 8 and broke his arm playing sports. The doctor told him to avoid sports until the cast was off. Of course he was back out a few days later and a bad tackle meant a suspected broken leg. He didn’t want to tell the doctor as he was afraid he would give out to him so muttered some obviously fake reason. My dad had brought him into the hospital alone and they removed him from the room and both my brother and dad were questioned about it. Thankfully it was sorted out very quickly but that could have been bad.
When I was in 2nd grade I played this game where you lay across the swing set and your friend would push you until you got too scared, then you would say bloody marry and they would stop you. This time I was wearing velvet pants and my legs slipped right out and my face hit the wood pole that holds the swing up super hard. It gave me a black eye and it was right before picture day, my mother was furious.
Not too long after that I was walking with friends and someone had wood hanging out the back of their truck and somehow I ran right into it and hit myself in the face. 
For some reason I was always getting hurt as a child, but it was always my own dumbass fault.
I had a friend when I was a kid who fell into a thin tree branch penis-first when running down a hill. 

I am not sure how their a&amp;e trip went, but I remember being asked about it by someone. I've always assumed it was one of my mum's cancer nurses, but now I'm more familiar with child protection laws, I think it might've been a social worker.
Hope YOU are doing better man, been there on the whole event triggered suicide thing and it’s incredibly lonely when you have a tangible reason. If you ever need to talk my inbox is open
This is the problem with teachers making these reports and assessing situations that they have zero training on. I work in children’s mental health as a social worker. False reports or reports made based on your non-clinical assessment of the situation can ruin lives and cause a lot of distress to the child and the family unit. That is why in most mental health agencies you are required to consult with at least one other peer or supervisor (within 24 hours) before making a report. We also get continuous training on the topic.
This was me. Are you my parent? 

It's apparently quite common with developmental conditions such as Asperger's and psychological problems.
This was me. Are you my parent? 

It's apparently quite common with developmental conditions such as Asperger's and psychological problems.
Lol. Bingo. My girl has autism(would have been labelled an Aspie back in the day). My youngest isn't diagnosed yet but probably is on the spectrum too.
[deleted]
My wife literally gave herself a huge bruise by walking into a door (well technically, the coat hook on the door of a changing room) the very same day my kid slipped on our new hardwood floors (he was used to carpet) and possibly broke his wrist (turns out it was only a sprain).

I'm a big "scary" dude. 6'4", bushy beard, shaved head, the works. 

As we were driving him to the ER, all I could think was "god dammit. There's no way they're going to believe he slipped and she **walked into a fucking door**. I'm definitely going to jail tonight".

I didn't go to jail that night.
Someone in my family lost their kids because of an accident. I witnessed the accident and other people were in the house too when it happened(in other rooms), the father took his son straight to the hospital right when it happened. The mother dropped their daughter off at her grandparents and headed straight to the hospital too, where they had to talk top cops and social workers, and while waiting there with the injured child, they get a call from the grandparents saying that cps came and took their daughter, they could do nothing eccept sit there in the hospital waiting for them to come and escort them away from the second child. 

They followed all of CPS's orders for a long while, parenting classes, mental health stuff checks, a drug class that had nothing to do with anything because they were clean, and other things, about 4 days a week they were doing some class or related thing, not counting having a very specific time that they could visit their kids, the time being 20 minuites after one of their classes, 30 minuites away. 

These parents were not well to do, but they were great parents, they tried hard and loved their kids. After all of the wear from the appointments, lawyers(even their own assigned lawyer) telling them that they'd be better off if they signed the papers, then they would at least get letters and pictures, and the mother should leave the dad(who did the accident), etc etc, there was a lot of mental wear, cps and the lawyers know exactly what they're doing, eventually a good family came along and wanted to adopt the kids, together. The new family had money, no kids, seemed to treat the kids right, the kids liked them and they could tell that their kids were being hurt more by being passed from foster care to foster care. So the parents signed the papers releasing care to the family. They never should have done that and it's one of their biggest regrets, they still anguish over it 6 years later and they're not nearly the people they used to be. They never did get letters or pictures.

Sorry about typos etc. Typing quick because I have an appointment.
My son fell into the corner of the coffee table and got a black eye a couple days before his 2 year check up. I was debating rescheduling because it looked so terrible. Then, I was like "I did nothing wrong, why would I hide it?" and took him, black eye and all. His pediatrician wrote it down in his file because he has to record any injuries or whatever, but he was really nice about it and completely understood. Never got a visit from CPS. Haha.
Yeah but when you live in a world where law enforcement seems to get away with murder daily, you should probably dig a little deeper before putting in the nuclear launch codes.
This is horrifying
[deleted]
If I’m not mistaken, aren’t teachers required by their district to report any/all injuries to the school? I could understand you filling out a report because your district requires you to. I know I’m my wife’s case, they have to report it to the office staff, but the counselor talks to the student before any official reports are made to cps.
This reminded me of a story when I was a baby. My grandparents had foster children that they had my parents baby sit when they went on vacation. One of the kids was pissed that they didn’t bring them so he/she called their social worker and claimed abuse. Me being clumsy AF ran into the edge of a sewing machine table and had a bruised and bloody face. CPS gets there and questions my parents about my face, they didn’t believe it. I’m not a fast learner so what do I do? Do it again right in front of them. Case closed, I need to be bubble wrapped.
Thanks. Doing alright now. Finally met some friends here and after selling the house had enough left for a stupidly big (for my apartment) tv. Movie night is tomorrow in Raleigh if you are close. Airport is probably closed though.
[deleted]
Exactly!   


I don't understand why people are so against trying to keep kids safe
You are what's wrong with society.
Filing a report as a teacher doesn't mean going directly to CPS we have protocols where all of that is followed.   


If we are going to file a report we need to tell the principal and psychologist first, that is standard. In this case it is probably exactly what happened. The teacher probably went to the psychologist at a time where the students was not available so cops you go to the home to ensure the child's safety.
God, so awful. Most of the time they make the right call, but when you hear the bad ones... Especially when the parents are poor, you know that has to be a big contributing factor. Rich parents can make this stuff go away one way or another. We were fortunate enough to be firmly middle-class, and she was really impressed at us having food in the house for the little guy. I was kinda scared at what else she might have seen.
Yeah, the father even had to go to jail and do probation(10 years), even though he isn't "convicted". Once his probation is done it's completely off of the record. They couldn't prove he did it intentionally, but didn't want to believe it was an accident.
You're the worst.
But when it is the case, not your problem right? You'd think the kid's teacher would have more things to look at than black eye -&gt; file a report.
I had a rough case with CPS as well. The short story is my brother growing up was in and out of the doctor's office like clockwork and eventually when he was at the hospital. CPS was called. I remember some parts well but have divorced myself from it. Essentially they blamed my mom for making my brother sick and put him into foster care. Eventually he was able to come home but after moving him down to Florida to live with grandparents (they wanted us to move down there) she lost completely all rights. My mom did everything they asked, signed paperwork, didn't do anything they really said she did. He's now 18, I choose not to see him. Though the case had nothing to deal with me I had unrestricted access to see him. Mostly, he lives with  my uncle. Mom wants to send him a letter about what happened but who knows how that will work out.

The worst part about all of this. I was 14 or so when this happened and I was allowed to stay home. Heck, they barely even talked to me. I'm not really a good son or a brother.
Yep, that’s the teachers fault for dancing around the question!
Reasonable suspicion of abuse, not every hypothetical.
And yet as a 2nd grader I told my teacher I'd be beaten at home and she did nothing. Multiple times. Glad times have changed.
Thanks, I’m crazy far away. Gotta love them creature comforts though, they can help a ton when all other options have been exhausted
My daughter got a disorder where your immune system attacks your platelets when she was two.  She had a bruises on her face from where she'd run into a table, and bruises in the shape of a hand on her arm from the stupid phlebotomist who was not gentle at all.  The looks my husband and I got in the hospital waiting room were murder.  I seriously wanted to get up and shout "She has a blood disorder okay? We are not beating her!!!! Stop looking like you're going to kill us please!"

Edit:  Now I know how to spell "phlebotomist."  I'm sure that will come in handy someday.
whay the hell kind of accident was that?
And some teachers file CPS reports without any more information then a bruise happened at home, that sucks.

My pediatrician used to do that. I was an active kid and would always be riding my bike (learned at 3 without training wheels, I fell quite a bit), playing tag or other games with neighborhood kids. I fell a lot and bruised a lot. Mom has extreme anxiety, she hated taking me to the Dr cause it was the same thing everytime. Even when id say how i got them they would never believe me. That shit hurts the parents and child when you file a report thats not true.

So how about you just dont file a report and ruin someone's home life/reputation because 99.9% of the time if the only inkling of evidence is a visible bruise its from a child falling while playing.
You don't  understand. If the injury happened in the school; and it was bullying then they would be obligated to not do anything or suspend the kid for being involved in a fight. Don't you know?
Because they aren’t educated in the field but that doesn’t stop anyone from being a keyboard warrior.
Film them to have a history and documentation of their behavior. If you can get an psychoanalyst and a lawyer to have some proof of their behavior
Dudes getting a lot of hate. 

What people dont get is teachers are REQUIRED BY LAW TO REPORT any and all potential incidents that may or may not have occurred. 

If they dont, they are fired, blacklisted, set aside on a list of potential-to-be-sued employees, etc. 

So.... yep.
I guess the intention is to not scare the child that might be threatened by the parents to not tell anyone.

Turns out if you ask a question this vague though, you could interpret it as literally anything.

Hell if the teacher was convinced that there were aliens hiding at your place, they could’ve used this statement as evidence that you were victimized by aliens.
A black eye does not meet the benchmark for reporting as a mandatory reporter. People get bruises. If we don't want to be cautious, why not report every kid's parents? They might be leaving bruises in covered places and after all we don't want to let real abuse go unreported, right? Who cares how many false positives we have so long as we can avoid a single false negative. 

I cannot imagine reporting a fucking *black eye* and trying to claim "oh I'm a mandatory reporter I'm just looking out for my kids"
[deleted]
Literally have to re certify every year and agree to report any suspicion.

People like to assume the world is full of good intentions with parents who do not rape and abuse their 6 year olds. Working in low income school destroys that view.
There are an infinitude of potential incidents. You do not understand how mandatory reporter positions work. A black eye is not sufficient cause to file a report. Jesus fuck, imagine if every single time a kid gets a bruise you have to call CPS. This is what you're advocating.
Best comment here!
Actually it's because you have no idea how mandatory reporting positions work. I don't have to file a fucking report every time a kid has a bruise. That's absurdity and I don't understand how an adult could possibly believe that's reasonable. It's clear you're either incompetent in your job or have never worked a mandatory reporter position.
The issue is also, while I’d agree that just going off of an injury is a probably too little information, that it’s just too easy to make a child too afraid to speak out.

The kids we are (presumably) talking about are young enough to still set the “if anyone finds out you can’t be with mommy and daddy anymore” or the likes of one parent threatening the other, what have you, as a potential result of them speaking out above their own well being.

I’d like to imagine that a kid can’t be good enough of an actor to actually play their part well enough to cover up that something’s wrong, but I’d also assume that the people who are supposed to assess the things they get out of the child are having a hard time discerning between what’s a normal reaction for a weird/uncomfortable question and what’s the child actually going “Oh dang, I can’t answer this seriously, right? What was I supposed to say again?”

It is simply beyond the people meant to evaluate to actually do so, while on the grand scheme of things, the people making the laws from above, can much more easily say “the people we save with this policy outway the bad cases” than probably anyone actually involved in the execution of regulations like that.
At least where I live there is very specific protocol for all of this. It always starts with questioning the kid in a comfortable environment usually by the school psychologist.  


Yes, there are horror stories of people going through false accusations but I don't know where they live where it is that much of a problem.   


But honestly the situations I have saved students from far outweigh any of that.
When I was about 9, me and my brother we arsing about with some snooker balls. We discovered that part of another toy and a cylindrical building block made an excellent catapult. Of course, the first thing we catapulted was a snooker ball straight into my eye socket. 

Had a black eye, people kept giving my parents funny looks until it healed. Of course it had just healed and I got into a rollerblading accident that bruised it again.
It's really sad when a comment like this is basically our reality
Bitch ass teacher being a bitch
First day of a vacation my boyfriend and I were just having fun splashing around in the hotel pool and I got his knee right in my eye. The whole rest of the trip people kept giving him dirty looks and I noticed people looking at us cautiously. It's funny how there are so many explanations for how someone can get a black eye... Yet that's where everybody's mind goes. Sad that it's that common so that's the case.
I'm at -70ish points for saying I would follow up on an injury so it seems reporting is still frowned upon.   


Sorry you did not get help.
**EDIT:** *Retracting what I said earlier. If the report goes to a psychologist within your school, in my opinion, that's much better than reporting things directly to CPS. It's actually good to record those incidents in case a later pattern emerges. That part, I agree with completely.*

*As to the other response you made to my post. I can no longer reply to it since the entire thread got locked by the admins. But that one, I disagree with, you've moved the goal post. You made up some new examples that you had not brought up before.* 

*Thank you for clarifying the first part at least, regarding the psychologist. But even though it's no longer applicable, I'm leaving my original response below.*

---

At first, I thought you were a troll, but looking at your posting history, I am saddened to find out that's probably not the case. 

&gt; As a teacher I can tell you if a kid tells me they 'ran into a door' and got a black eye I'm still filing a report.

You're obviously not a parent. 

&gt; That way, if there is no abuse, CPS won't do anything.

Yes, because CPS won't try to cover its own ass (even more than you do).

&gt; B) I don't go to jail for not filing

Yeah, because in your fantasy world, every time there is a kid with a black eye, a large bruise, or a broken arm, caused from a stupid clumsy reason, then everybody goes to jail for not reporting it to CPS (should the kid have been coached to lie). 

The teachers, the administration, the school janitor, the neighbors, the extended family, the doctor, the nurses, the receptionist, and even the ones that haven't been trained medically. They all go to jail everytime this happens if they don't report it. /s
[removed]
I just now realized that this is the reason why the principal at my elementary school 10 years ago wanted to know why I had a black eye, and didn’t believe me at first when I said I hit it on an the armrest to a chair. Weird.
I think it's hard to find a balance between people overreacting and underreacting but seriously only a few decades ago child abuse just was not spoken of. It was a secret shame. I do think that where we are now is closer to the way things should be than back then.  Also thank you.
[deleted]
7
Teachers aren't supposed to ask direct questions about potential abuse as it could be seen as guiding. That was still a really stupid way to ask what happened though
When I was 5 years old, I broke my elbow in 3 different places. My uncle at the time was 14 and we were playing with one of those full body lounge chairs. I sit on the end and he pulls up on the handle. I go flying about 20 feet up into the air like an acrobat and land on my elbow. Needless to say, my Mom was super pissed. There was one lady that thought my mom broke my elbow and gave me $5 because the truth of what happened was just bizarre. My uncle almost ran away from home over it. It's been almost 35 years since that happened and to this day, my uncle was still apologizes about it.
Yeah, it's a complicated subject, even when the kids are very obviously neglected. Growing up my parents were druggies and alcoholics, me and my 5 brothers and sisters have lived in cars, shelters, lots of motels, etc, never technically on the street though, and we did usually have food from food banks etc. My parents were very bad parents though in general, some physical/mental abuse, and I played a very big part in taking care pf my brothers and sisters growing up, me being the oldest. When I was 11 we got taken away by CPS(I got lucky, being the oldest and easiest to care for, I ended up with my grandparents), and hopped around the foster care system. All of us have huge mental health issues, my brothers and sisters having it the worst and I often wonder if us getting taken away was better or not. 2 of my 3 sisters got adopted(being the youngest), but were molested/raped while they were in a family with 15 kids, it was by the biological son so they were afraid to say anything. My other two siblings never got adopted, their behavior got worse and worse so nobody would keep them around for long, hopping from one boy's/girls ranch/home to the other. They just had a horrible childhood and it really showed. They're all doing better now, thankfully. So in a nutshell, my parents sucked but I don't know which was worse, you know?

I know that they really do help a lot of kids in very horrible situations though, and I'm glad that they're around, I just wish so many things didn't slip through the cracks.
I rather not say too much because it's not my right, and I don't want my username tied to my real life. Sorry. But I can say the father was doing a usual childcare routine when it happened, and I saw it happen.
Hear hear.
&gt; Exactly!

&gt; I don't understand why people are so against trying to keep kids safe

It's because of what you wrote earlier. 

You very clearly implied in your earlier post that the CPS would make a decision based on your report. 
&gt; As a teacher I can tell you if a kid tells me they 'ran into a door' and got a black eye **I'm still filing a report**.
&gt; 
&gt; That way, if there is no abuse, **CPS wont do anything**.

Now, if you had said "I'm still filing a report". 

"It's not my job to figure this out. We have a counselor on hand in the school who's job it is to aggregate, compare, and review teacher's reports, to see if any should be forwarded to CPS. "

Then, you would have gotten a far better reaction in my opinion. In fact, it's not too late to edit your previous post to clarify what you've said, to stem the misunderstanding from going further.
My little sister whacked me with a Barbie doll and split my lip. I was a quiet, skinny, nerdy 14 year old girl. Everyone thought I'd gotten into a fight and no one believed the Barbie story. I got street cred for it, but no one called CPS. 

The school did, however, constantly call me and my parents in to the Nurse for anorexia interventions because I was so thin. It got very insulting after a while, especially because I had a bulemic friend that no one looked twice at. Poor kid never got any help. 

Nosy Parkers may mean well, but most of the time they miss the mark by a wide margin.
Yeah even if you choose to believe that no harm is done if you file a false report, that really isn't always the case. And if it's a false report it could potentially ruin the whole families life, including the kid. Even if it doesn't ruin lives, you just caused the family a lot of expenses in getting a lawyer for the case. You really shouldn't see a black eye and file a report; that is just really dumb.
When I was young my dad threw a quarter at my head(target practice?) and told me to tell teachers I hit the top of my head on a dresser if they asked. You know now that I think about it, dad was a dick.
play grounds are a thing? I can imagine that kind of injury happening far easier on some seesaw, swing or slide than at home.  
Its still better than asking "did your parents hit you?" where an actually abused child could be prompted to lie.
Totally opposite of the truth.  Teachers are mandatory reporters of both child abuse and bullying.
Literally "what happened to your eye" is the appropriate question here
Can confirm, was a mandatory reporter for a few years for a camp counselor position. That's exactly what we were trained to ask. Always ask open ended questions, not leading questions. Her question was very leading.
That kid was a dick..
I was once playing a game with my dad where he would throw me onto a soft lounge, I'd go back to him and repeat. He called my mum in to see how much fun we were having and I put my arm up as he threw me, which resulted in me fracturing my wrist on the frame of the lounge chair.

When we were at the hospital (myself and my mum), people would ask what happened, to which I responded "daddy did it" 😂
Poor mum was so embarrassed, lucky she was around to set the story straight with the doctors and nurses!
Why the hell should making a report ruin lives? It doesn't in any way seem like the teachers fault that your CPS system is utter garbage, and frankly I'd rather fix that end of things than make teachers afraid to report potential abusr
I edited to include that part of reporting is the school counselor doing a quick talk and then CPS dropping the case if no further action is needed.
Most CPS cases do not require a lawyer.

Unless CPS gets a lot of evidence it almost never goes to court, and every time I've been to court it was cut and dry abuse.
Ahah this reminds me of a story of my own.

When I first went to school, the teacher asked what job my dad has. "Pilot." I said. I meant Plumber, so I got at least one letter right, but that's beside the point. She voiced her doubts about it and after that asked "What about your mom?", to which I replied "Not sure but she leaves when my dad gets home."

Apparently the school ended up talking to my parents about this but luckily nothing else came of it.

It's true though... mom worked evening shifts. Kids just answer!
My son told the teacher that I punched him. He wasn't lying but he could have added that it was at training and he kept dropping his gloves. That fucking meeting was amusing.
It is still a good idea to have a lawyer to make sure you don't mishandle it. If you mishandle it you can lose you child. That's not something you cheap out on.
When I was in a similar age I was a little idiot (still am, just not so little anymore). We had a wooden swing at our house in the country, which I for whatever reason decided to just sit behind and push as hard as I could instead of, y'know, swinging on it. Guess what happened when my mother called me and I looked away, taking my eyes off a wooden swing coming straight for my face. And not only was I a little idiot, I was also a crybaby, and after getting a very well-deserved black eye I wouldn't stop crying, to the point where I wouldn't even speak to doctors. This part I don't remember, my mother told me later, but apparently upon arriving at the hospital she tried to explain what happened and the doctors pulled me away to another room and were like "Nope, stop right there, she'll be the one to tell us what happened, not you." And of course I didn't because I was too busy crying my eyes out.

Sorry, mom. Hope you didn't get a criminal record out of this.
When I was 5 and my little brother was 3, he walked up behind me while I was swinging a plastic wiffle ball batt. The mark across his eye caused bruising that looked like knuckles. My mom was pretty upset when she got interrogated by CPS a few days later following a doctor appointment.
Your dad may have been a bit of a dick, but tbh that's an amazing trick shot.
Whew. Well, I guess I'm glad for the good parts of the story. Rough. I just wish it was always a good place where kids are sent. This raping kids stuff just kills me. Best to you and yours.
Yep! I'm just glad to have some friends, the rest of the stuff really is largely details.
Thanks. That's much better.

How many death threats have you received? 

It's important to report those to Reddit to get those accounts banned.
Yeah, I'm sure(I hope) these cases are unlikely. They get so many kids, I don't blame cps for it really, it can't be easy to keep track. They can save lives or ruin lives. Just thought I'd throw a few anecdotes out there, and my odd like/hate relationship with CPS. Same to you.
You’re reading to much into what I said. If a kid comes to class with a black eye, my wife is going to ask them what happened, if they say “it happened at home” yeah she’s going to tell the counselor and let them deal with the child because believe it or not, people do beat there kids. I fail to see how this makes me incompetent.
&gt;He says that her bad judgement got his practice and the entire executive park closed for 4 hours last week and his neighbors now hate him.

I want to know what happened here.
Yeah, that's the story I want to hear!
The doctor prescribed weed to somebody and they were like "Man, this doctor is the bomb!"

So she called the police about a bomb threat.
Called the cops when someone mentioned the box labeled Girl Scout cookies was the bomb
lol that is so apt and accurate I can already tell.
Honestly the only thing that could actually get the surrounding area shut down might’ve actually been her calling in a bomb threat, so you might not be far off.
She strikes me as someone who would be more likely to call the police about a weed threat.
TIFU by using 90s slang in a post-9/11 world.
[deleted]
This receptionist should go work for the doctor from arrested development.

I'm sure they'd have a blast
Maybe an Ebola joke?
He set us up the bomb!
Based on what OP said, she's probably incredibly nosy and has gotten herself and the office into sticky situations before. Also, I am pretty curious as well. But alas, I'll probably never know.
Gas leak. Active shooter. Active abduction. Death threat. Bomb threat.
"yes mr police i think doctor might be bomb send help"
Lmao.
I'm pretty sure people actually do that every day.
“Omg! Police! They have DRUGS!! There are drugs everywhere!!!”

“Ma’am, this is a pharmacy”
"Thanks for coming officers, someone left a POT LEAF outside the building!"

"Ma'am, that's a maple leaf. And leaves start fucking falling around this time."
*fentanyl. Because mass hysteria.
A person made-up a good story for free upvotes.

Edit: downvote all you want but this story is BS. 

If the original events happened police would come determine IF there was active abuse, if no evidence was found they could possibly file to have somebody from Family Services come and do an in-home interview or they would have walked out the door and said have a good day there's no world in which they say follow me to the police station and then they bring in a prosecuting attorney that does not happen in one day. Its more likely someone jerked their son off with a coconut
🎵 We didn't start the fi-ire! 🎵

...sorry.
Man, this is so stupid it hurts. This nurse shouldn't be allowed to work with the public.
Move "zig" for great freedom!
r/nothingeverhappens
What about a gas abduction?
Someone drowsy came in, said they felt like a zombie. BOOM. Patient zero.
Or reporting anthrax in the area maybe?
Yeah, I doubt the doctor told OP the story.
OP buy the doctor a beer, he needs the drink and we need the story.
Glad to hear Amelia Bedelia made her way into the medical field.
I'll start a petition on change.org.
You have 911 upvotes.
/r/solipsism
Should’ve added a .com at the end to really emphasize the light heartedness
Lol can you imagine all the fuck ups.......

Patient: "my house is too far away to walk"
Receptionist: "patient says they have no legs"
When I was an IT manager, I had a network engineer that went by Jack.  He always said, "Never greet me in an airport!" :)

("Hi, Jack!")
You have no chance to survive make your time.
Then she blew up a building
That was perfect.  Thank you.
Uh.

"Listen, that bomb threat wasn't very funny. Don't do it again and continue working here."
Aaaaand now you cant see your daughter
"help, a man is robbing me!"

"Ma'am, that's just your coworker named Rob. And he's only stabbing you."
Someone left a bag or package at the office that wasn't recognized. They likely called it in and had the area shut down to discover something mundane and mistaken, blown up by exaggeration.
It was always burning
IT Analyst at an airport, I say shit all the time and think to myself... *”fuck”* 

For one, I can no longer say “Kill the session”.
I'm guessing responded reasonably to a bomb threat.  

This was written very carefully, but pay attention that a dad was joking about hitting his daughter, who has a swollen eye.  Of course this shit needed to be investigated.
Ryan started the fire.
It was investigated. By the doctor. Who confirmed it was an allergic reaction. There was absolutely no reason to traumatize the kid by calling the police and separating her from her father over an obvious joke.
Tell the whole class!
Solf J. Kimblee strikes again.
Saw a black man
If you can't handle the downvotes, quit with the pointless bitching. You cynical people calling "that happened" in every single goddamn thread, with no evidence or attempt at reasoning, over the most believable and innocuous stories, are beyond obnoxious. You aren't clever and you aren't exposing anything. You're just making yourself look dumb and annoying everyone else. Just stop already.
[deleted]
He's alright...because his left arm is gone
Since the world's been turning
No problem! I couldn't resist it (and was a bit surprised that nobody had gotten there before me).
It's an unfortunate side effect of our brains being disconnected from our mouths, sometimes.
Too late, the cops are here to take your children
What about a bomb shooter?
[deleted]
Fired-guy
r/unexpectedoffice
[removed]
You win!
#Receptionist

discovered

#one weird trick

#Doctors hate her

#Neighbours too
[deleted]
&gt; Gas leak

That's a bingo!

&gt;The other story about the receptionist goes like this (as told to me by the doctor). A few weeks ago the lights in the parking lot of the executive park blew and the landlord had trouble getting them fixed so he rented temporary light stanchions for the businesses that are open past sundown until they could figure out the problem. These lights apparently ran on gas or diesel. The receptionist came back from lunch one day and smelled something so she called the state's department of environmental protection to say that she believed that there was a fuel leak. The DEP closed the parking lot for the rest of the day for "clean up". It turned out to be nothing.
He updated with the story
&gt;The other story about the receptionist goes like this (as told to me by the doctor). A few weeks ago the lights in the parking lot of the executive park blew and the landlord had trouble getting them fixed so he rented temporary light stanchions for the businesses that are open past sundown until they could figure out the problem. These lights apparently ran on gas or diesel. The receptionist came back from lunch one day and smelled something so she called the state's department of environmental protection to say that she believed that there was a fuel leak. The DEP closed the parking lot for the rest of the day for "clean up". It turned out to be nothing.
You joke, but someone once called the cops on me, my mom, and my grandma when we were outside Walmart selling girl scout cookies when I was 7. They said they thought we were selling weed in the boxes. ...seriously? There was no weed. The cops ended up buying cookies from us.
Jesus Christ, did they hire Amelia Badelia
You asked for an attempt at reasoning why the story is total bull crap I provided it you're welcome jerk

Edit: I did it out some bad things I said about you because I don't know you as a person but I know you're kind of an idiot
"But we're indoors, how can this be a farm, you idiot."
What an idiot.
I dont think that doctor is capable of confirming it as an allergic reaction.  I mean, potentially take a blood sample, send it off to a lab for traces of like bee venom, whatever it was.  But you know he just looked at it.
Billy Joel hates singing that song. He made it as album filler and never intended for it to be popular.
Imoscar
"Eh, so my daughter likes starting fires. You know how it goes."       
-OP, probably
OP updated with what she did.  

She called in a fuel leak because some emergency lights ran on diesel or something.  

To be honest, in both of these cases, she should have run things by her boss before taking it upon herself to call any authorities... especially because she's young and new.  

Even if your boss says "huh... okay, call the authorities for me" he'll know what's going on when the authorities show up at the door of his business!  Bosses and business owners do not like being blindsided and having to say "dur... I dunno" when someone with a badge shows up!
Look alive, Halpert.
Oh man that edit!

As a remediation engineer, calling any DEP for a "spill" or "leak" is very serious. It's not a phone number that is to be used for a gallon of spilled gasoline. Most states have an "in excess" clause attached to them, like in excess of 25 gallons. So it'd be like a truck losing a full tank. 

Maybe most people don't know this, but to shut down a whole area for smelling fumes without clearly seeing material? If we did that on one of our sites overseen by DEP they wouldn't be too happy with us.

For others that don't know, you can always call a fire department and they are trained on whether or not DEP should be called.
Sucks to be him, then!
I had to check your username. Tried to pull a sneaky on me. Got a good laugh.
&gt;Gas leak. Active shooter. Active abduction. Death threat. Bomb threat.

This guy shuts down
we get signal
Or if you're visiting the capitol and someone calls to say Jeff has just been fired but has several sessions still active, people might misunderstand when they hear you say "kill Jeff's sessions"
[deleted]
Dude she bypassed ALL escalation and went straight to the state? Yeah goodbye job.
[removed]
You don't think a doctor can tell the difference between a kid that had an allergic reaction and a kid that was punched in the face?
OP confirmed, she called in a gas leak. It turned out to be a diesel generator running temp lighting for late hour businesses in the complex after some lighting trouble.
Fuuuuuuuck!  I’m going to use this one on the next Jeff I deal with.  

Edit: even my “Terminate Jeff’s Sessions” sounds sketch.
I wouldn't call that Nosy at all just really stupid/unaware 

Its not like she was digging for information she just took some basic Info like the smell of the generator/the joke and then just interpreted in an incredibly stupid way with no follow up on her own.
Bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb bomb. Ya gonna arrest me?
I can no longer say " I'm working on creating a BOM and you'll have to help me deliver it"  BOM means Bill of materials.  

I say it about 3-4 times a week but not in airports.
&gt;Never greet me in an airport

Agree, you should only go to see Jack off.
Blast from the past! I remember the teacher putting us in groups and we each had to research a person or object in the song.  Yep, I got Dacron.  I digress...The Roof is on Fire!
Too bad everybody loves it because it's amazing
I guess B.O.M would work, but even idiots would think that spells bomb.
Ding ding ding it was gas leak, stop by the studio to claim your prize 🏆 =)
Or master and slave.
I stumbled on that one myself, went with "driving disk" just to finish the sentence...
I feel like this should've been clearly communicated. I always get emails when work is scheduled at my building, so we don't become alarmed at the noise or possible dust we may see from the windows. Gas leaks are serious business, I think she did the right then by taking quick action.

edit. everyone who down voted me, i hope your neighbor calls the gas cops when they smell something weird coming from your house when you're not there instead of just assuming everything is fine &amp; letting your house blow up. &lt;3 bc I care.
I've been a cop for 11 years. In cases where there is obviously not abuse, especially where a doctor said that there is medical evidence showing no abuse, this wouldn't happen. Unless you live in a Podunk town, no DCA is going to even hear about the case until it is submitted, meaning your arrest...
[removed]
Or, since u/Aardvark1292 is a human being with experience, we could treat them with respect and listen to what they say, especially since they said nothing that would be biased in any way.
His entire assessment comes from bias.  His “experience” is the source of his bias.  11 years of sunk cost fallacy.

Humans have bias.
&gt; Humans have bias.

Clearly you are no exception. Just because someone is a police officer doesn't mean you should throw out their opinion. One of my best friends is a cop, and he's the nicest guy I know, very fair. I know hating the police is the popular thing among the "edgy" kids these days, but they're human too.
I don’t hate police.  I just rightfully don’t trust them.  Every lawyer worth his salt will tell you that.

This isn’t bias—it’s objective reality:  It makes no sense to trust police.  They have no incentive to “serve and protect” you.  You do so at your own risk.

It’s no skin of *my* back, though, if you choose to cling to the biases of childhood brainwashing rather than logically assess reality.  Good luck, fren!
Whether you trust him or not, he/she is giving solid anecdotal evidence, and more importantly, you could spend 3 seconds on google confirming it. I don't trust them either, since I don't know them. However, I still respect their comment, since they have experience, and since it's true.
Then cite it.  Lol!
I've worked on the CPS side and this all sounds very odd to me too, like dad is either overplaying what happened or leaving things out. I'm not saying people don't get overzealous and do stupid reporting but there aren't enough resources to handle things the way he said they were. Unless of course this is a teeny town with shockingly good staffing at all agencies to the point they are bored or something.
Exactly, I don't think this really occurred. Despite consulting with a lawyer he still voluntarily left his home?  The police/CPS would have a hard time getting a judge to issue a restraining order in this case.
Pretty sure in PA, once a report or call in made, it has to be investigated and the case needs to remain open for 60 days. So it's not so much CPS or the police's fault, they are just following the law. This leads the system being inundated with things that are probably not abuse, but still have to be looked into.
Seems pretty strange that you can out of nowhere report someone and they have to be taken away from their child, especially since in this case the doctor right away confirmed no sign of abuse. I imagine there's a bit of embellishment here, since despite the fact law enforcement may legally have to investigate, they don't legally have to separate father and daughter.
Unless things are very different in PA they should have triaged it. If every report mandated a follow up to the level of police involvement and a legal case the system would definitely not work well. In my state they would taken the information, done an interview, and taken appropriate action from there including closing the case.  But usually better to error on the side of too much caution with suspected abuse.
No no. Sorry I should have been more clear. Not every case requires police involvement. But the fact that a call is made, the case must be opened and investigated. But that could be where it stops. They have people to review each report and see if it's worth investigating further. I guess that's what you meant by triage? But after that initial report is made the case can be unfounded and a letter is sent to the reporter that states as such, but that's after 60 days and if no other reports are made.
That part makes sense and that is typical. However, in my experience it still doesn't explain why the police we're involved and the no contact letter he signed which is why I think we aren't getting the whole story or there are a lot of incompetent employees at their local CPS office.
From PA.  Can confirm that CPS has to investigate every single issue.  I had my stepson have an allergic reaction to bug bites while at a day camp, looked like he got hit.  Took him to the doctor, got allergy medicine.  Three days later a CPS agent showed up doing an investigation into "possible abuse".
Right, but did the police get involved or force you to sign a no contact? That's my point about what's abnormal not the investigation (really just a triage interview), that's the system working as intended.
Yeah for this specific story it's a little funky.
3 things you never joke about:

1. Never joke about having a bomb in an airport.
1. Never joke about abusing your kid in a hospital/clinic.
1. Never joke about taking a kid to McDonald's.
&gt;Never joke about taking a kid to McDonald's

You mean or else the kid will expect it and then you're in trouble when you don't?
No because Ronald MacDonald will hunt you down if you don't take them
4. Never joke about divorce
5. Never joke about firing someone if you are their manager
I think everyone is saying it's a good joke to make him feel better.

 Its not a good joke to make in our current society. I get he's socially awkward, but damn dude. Read the room. Read current society. 

Ya the doctor backed him up, but they are required by law to report things like that. Why risk it?
I’m shocked at how many people don’t know this. As a camp councillor we underwent training for disclosures and signs of child abuse and we’re legally required to report stuff like this. 

OP made a dumb joke at the wrong time.
2. Never joke about abusing a kid  


FTFY
2 is basically true for any person in authority.  Don't joke about something serious to someone below you, as an authority.  Too much stress rides on it to be funny to those under you, and it just makes you an ass and kind of cruel.
You thought Pennywise was fucked up, you don't know Ronald Mcfuckingdonald.
&gt; 3 things you never joke about in america:

 ftfy

&amp;#x200B;
Seriously. I'm actually more surprised the doctor was angry at the receptionist. 

Maybe the protocol was to let the doctor decide whether to involve the cops or not and she skipped it. Regardless, they are in place for the child's protection. If CPS gets involved for bruises, joking about abuse at the doctor's when your kid is obviously injured should be an automatic "nope shouldn't say that".
Alright. Now I'm going to call the cops and CPS on Ronald McDonald.
Boooo these are both really stupid. I joke about both ALL the time with ZERO consequence. And nobody takes it even remotely seriously
Yea, I'm probably gonna get downvoted for being "easily offended," but you never know other peoples' stories. Someone that was actually abused as a child is likely to respond very differently to that sort of joke than someone who wasn't, or someone who works with abused children is likely to respond differently than someone who doesn't really deal with that sort of thing.
Why would he not be angry with her? She clearly blew up a situation that was nothing into a massive show. 

Reporting stuff is important but so is using AT LEAST the smallest shred of discretion in your reporting.
I see rape jokes are still on the table...


###NICE
My dad is the type to joke about the first two. We had to yell at him recently because he wouldn’t stop making bomb jokes at the airport. He’s the type to repeat the same joke over and over until it gets a laugh. And then repeat the joke over and over *because* it got a laugh.
You underestimate dads and their need to joke
Fuck current society. If the people around you have gone mad, it is best to not fit in with those people. At least for your own sanity. 

This new society where jokes are prohibited, is the real 1984. 

Disclaimer because I will need it: Yes the timing of his joke was not stellar. That is the whole point of this tifu thread. Its funny. Ha.
Well ya which is why i added the qualifier "maybe she didn't follow protocol". Duh, dude.
"This new society where jokes are prohibited, is the real 1984." 

Are you for real?

It wasn't even a good joke. What a weird hill to die on.

Summary:
Bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb bomb bomb, bomb bomb bomb.
I want to know what happened here.
I don't have to file a fucking report every time a kid has a bruise.
It was a good joke though.
We get there and I go to check in.
I do not know what if anything will happen to her job.
I thought your joke was funny.
It wasn't even a good joke.
Yeah, that's the story I want to hear!
We didn't know what was going to happen.
Even when id say how i got them they would never believe me.
He says that he thinks he has to let her go.
I think everyone is saying it's a good joke to make him feel better.
You know now that I think about it, dad was a dick.
You know how it goes."
For those of you saying that I am an idiot, you are probably right.
Never joke about abusing a kid  


FTFY.
The police explain that they have a report of possible child abuse.
That way, if there is no abuse, CPS wont do anything.
But you know he just looked at it.
But at home i would be talking all the time.
I had a rough case with CPS as well.
Never joke about having a bomb in an airport.
I am off work the next day and my wife is going to the office.
lol I totally did that as a kid.
You'd think the kid's teacher would have more things to look at than black eye -&gt; file a report.
Its still better than asking "did your parents hit you?"
&gt; That way, if there is no abuse, CPS wont do anything.
&gt; That way, if there is no abuse, CPS won't do anything.
That was still a really stupid way to ask what happened though.
Never joke about taking a kid to McDonald's.
4) The other story about the receptionist goes like this (as told to me by the doctor).
I don't trust them either, since I don't know them.
I didn't go to jail that night.
The receptionist that I have never seen looks at my daughter and says “Oh.
Now, if you had said "I'm still filing a report".
Its not a good joke to make in our current society.
Yeah, I doubt the doctor told OP the story.
I just rightfully don’t trust them.
Well, I guess I'm glad for the good parts of the story.
Exactly, I don't think this really occurred.
I can totally picture something like this happening.
If we don't want to be cautious, why not report every kid's parents?
I fell a lot and bruised a lot.
Never joke about abusing your kid in a hospital/clinic.
So she called the police about a bomb threat.
CPS gets there and questions my parents about my face, they didn’t believe it.
But when it is the case, not your problem right?
When I first went to school, the teacher asked what job my dad has.
This was a fuck up.
I’m saying exactly what I wrote.
As soon as the doctor opens, I call them and they tell us to come in.
I got street cred for it, but no one called CPS.
Never got a visit from CPS.
3 things you never joke about:

1.
My son told the teacher that I punched him.
Most of the time they make the right call, but when you hear the bad ones...
I don't understand why people are so against trying to keep kids safe.
They all go to jail everytime this happens if they don't report it.
I'm not really a good son or a brother.
She is definitely an idiot and overreacted but I think the fuck up was OP not knowing the time and place for such a joke.
Ya the doctor backed him up, but they are required by law to report things like that.
That kid was a dick..
It turned out to be nothing.
Poor kid never got any help.
I'm pretty sure people actually do that every day.
He comes back in a few minutes later and says that the police would like to talk to me.
I now realize that it is the receptionist that he is angry with.
So you are saying you can't ever make jokes.
I wanted to answer some of the questions that you guys had.
I do think that where we are now is closer to the way things should be than back then.
Sorry you did not get help.
Teachers are mandatory reporters of both child abuse and bullying.
Yeah, I only make jokes in front of white strangers!
Jesus fuck, imagine if every single time a kid gets a bruise you have to call CPS.
Sorry I should have been more clear.
and took him, black eye and all.
I say it about 3-4 times a week but not in airports.
That part, I agree with completely.
&gt;The other story about the receptionist goes like this (as told to me by the doctor).
Mom wants to send him a letter about what happened but who knows how that will work out.
But that could be where it stops.
She strikes me as someone who would be more likely to call the police about a weed threat.
The police then tell me that it is better that she is in another room.
The police are apologetic but say they need to do a full investigation and ask if I can come to the station.
In this case it is probably exactly what happened.
You do not understand how mandatory reporter positions work.
Went to school the next day when a concerned teacher asked if the black eye happened at home.
Never joke about firing someone if you are their manager.
As a teacher I can tell you if a kid tells me they 'ran into a door' and got a black eye I'm still filing a report.
