Original Response:
His friend's reaction is great
Funny, but a good reminder for riders. If you have a passenger, be sure to check their gear, and give them clear instructions for how to ride (and how not to). I always tell em "remember you're riding the bike as much as I am" and then talk about turns, leaning, sudden weight shifts, etc.
Ugh... Unless the passenger is a fellow rider or a frequent passenger of mine, I just ask them to stay still and solid with the bike frame, that way it's predictable and easy both for me as for them. Nothing worse then having them move around at the wrong time, or not being consistent with the leaning.
&gt; Nothing worse then having them move around at the wrong time, or not being consistent with the leaning.

Exactly what made me start doing this!! My ex would always shift her hips and move her head to the other side mid-turn.
OMG I had a guy ride with me and he'd try to lean with my turns. I told him to stop, and he started leaning the *other* way, which really fucked with me. I told him to pretend to be a stack of bricks, sitting on top of my seat.
[deleted]
I stopped letting people ride with me simply because I hated the way it felt riding. People wouldnt ride bitch properly and make the whole experience clunky.
Ugh. My s/o has a habit of occasionally not anticipating upcoming corners, panicking, and wrapping up around my chest tightly, which inhibits my ability to shift my weight and lean, because she's trying to stay upright in respect to the bike seat and I'm trying to now shift both of us. I've almost not made a corner a few times due to it. I've explained it 100 times, but she still does it every now and then. It's at the point where I've told her if she wants to ride she needs to get her license and own bike
IMO, you are taking corners too fast if you have to hang when you are with a passenger. Bikes can be leaned with rider/s standing upright just fine, it's all about the smooth control to get out of a corner safely.

My s/o hates it when I take corners too fast and I lean a bit more, so I just take it easy and safe.
Easiest way I found to force people into following my moves was to tell them to grab onto me like a "hug" instead of having free hands or holding onto the rails. One of my ex was so bad at riding I removed the rails to force to grab me, kind of a dick move but it fixed the issue and it looked cooler too. Haha

Summary:
Nothing worse then having them move around at the wrong time, or not being consistent with the leaning.
&gt; Nothing worse then having them move around at the wrong time, or not being consistent with the leaning.
