Original Response:
[removed]
I'd be embarrassed and worried if my boyfriend displayed jealousy like that or made a scene. I'm not his property.
So instead you’d wanna have a random stranger grabbing your ass as you’re trying to enjoy yourself and have your boyfriend just stand there sipping his beer?
I'd handle the situation myself first and if that's not helping, I'd expect my boyfriend or girlfriends to stand by me, not for my bf to attack someone out of blue.
Have you people ever been assaulted at a club...? I am thoroughly confused by these bullshit responses.
Yes and I handle my own bullshit. I don't need my boyfriend sorting it out for me. That situation is patronizing. I don't need a knight in shining armour.
Oh, okay, so it would be fine if his girl did the punching. Well... eh, I guess that's okay. At least better than the extreme retardation in the other comments. 


Only issue I have with it is that men are generally stronger and it can be hard for a woman to fight off a guy bigger than she is.
You don’t need your boyfriend sorting it for you huh? So what would you want me as your bf to do then? What if he went on to more physical things or put his hands around your neck?
Nah, dude, let her handle her won bullshit, she's fine.

Kidding aside, she *is* fine, if she's in a public place like a club. Even if you weren't there, others would rush to help. Probably where this arrogance stems from.
Obviously if the situation escalates, then I'm fine with my boyfriend/ friends getting involved. Even if someone started attacking my boyfriend, I'd held him.
For the record, this is absolutely not the case. People never rush to your aid when being sexually assaulted in public. Especially in a place where sexual behavior is not abnormal.
Not really my experience, whenever a woman cries help people rush to help. At least that's the case in my country. Technically she didn't cry help here, but still, I think people would intervene.
I have. I walked away with a friend (it was a girl's night out) and told security, and they took care of it.

In the cases I've seen, guys in OP's situation have gotten assault charges while the other guy got off scot-free since "she didn't shove him off", "she was at a club dancing, that's what guys do", etc.  Resorting to punching only makes things worse for the couple.
Obviously if he escalated that's different, but as disgusting as that guy's actions were, they were not life-threatening.

If my life was in danger I'd expect my boyfriend to react. If I was in a situation I could react to myself, I'd want to do that.

Your girlfriend must've felt awful. First some guy grabs her and starts behaving like she's just there for his enjoyment, and then her boyfriend decides not to shove the guy off like a normal person, but attack the guy with his fists, punching him several times - if you've been a boxer, you should have better control of yourself. Your punches will hurt and potentially be much more damaging.

She's most likely wondering how long it'll be until she insults your honour enough to get a similar treatment.

As a grown woman, she could've likely handled it better than what you did. I know I'd be wondering if my boyfriend saw me as a person or if he, too, felt I was unable to speak my own mind. That guy didn't care to listen to her words &amp; wants, and neither did you.
He wasn't attacked out of the blue. OP gave him a warning and he persisted. If a man is continually sexually harassing your girl and you do nothing about it you look like a punk little bitch.

Summary:
I don't need my boyfriend sorting it out for me.
Yes and I handle my own bullshit.
Even if someone started attacking my boyfriend, I'd held him.
Oh, okay, so it would be fine if his girl did the punching.
