Original Response:
I wonder how the socialists will scheme &amp; plot to steal Bitcoin from us after their fiat fails.
"socialists." I'm noting a troll meme going around. Plutocracies, corporatocracies, etc. all work to funnel money into their own pockets at the expense of everyone else.

Socialism itself merely means people chip in for things that make everyone's lives better. Yes there can be and have been abuses, but the severe lurch we're going through toward corporate control of the world strikes me as far more terrifying as there will be no effective way to fight back outside of a French style revolution.
You lost me when you basically tried to tell me what's not working for Venezuela will work for us. 

I noticed how you tried to put some perfume and lipstick on the pig with the expression "people chip in for things" as if socialism is a small, voluntary contribution. No, it's financial rape by threat of deadly force that makes a free citizen into a lifetime work slave.

"Socialism works until you run out of other people's money".
~ Margaret Thatcher
stop
“Financial rape by threat of deadly force”

I think I know your views on taxation then
&gt; Socialism itself merely means

Socialists *are* the plutocrats, the megacorps, and the military industrial complex. 

Socialism itself merely means death, plague, disease, stagnation, famine, starvation, torture, rape, theft, deprivation, decay, monopolies, ignorance, war, and destruction.
We didn't have the technology back in the day but why not make EVERY public funding project be a government sponsored style of GoFundMe? Hey, if there's something that nobody wants to contribute to, then it shouldn't be funded, no matter what propaganda the media peddles to us. 

What if we we're told we all must contribute 20% across some basket of funds of our choosing from a long list. We still have to support public funding but we're in complete control where our money goes. I think taxation is theft but this would be an excellent compromise.
&gt; Hey, if there's something that nobody wants to contribute to, then it shouldn't be funded, no matter what propaganda the media peddles to us.

how *dare* you, sir. how absolutely *dare* you.
You forgot the /s
[removed]
What’s wrong with viewing taxes as just that? As long as I pay it even though it’s forced I’m allowed to think whatever I want!

Taxes are bad but I pay it because it’s legal extortion.
Life would be perfect if that were the case unfortunately those forces that are will not ever relinquish control that way
&gt;We didn't have the technology back in the day but why not make EVERY public funding project be a government sponsored style of GoFundMe? Hey, if there's something that nobody wants to contribute to, then it shouldn't be funded, no matter what propaganda the media peddles to us.   

It would cause a big mess. Also if someone very rich wants to *for example* fund something like war he could go for it as him/her alone could provide enough funds for it.  
This system of "voting directly with dollars" would be very dangerous and give too much power to the wealthy.
And the country that spends the most on its military and has been in a near constant state of “at war” around the globe for the last 70 years is hardly an example of a socialist nation...

So your point is pretty much false.
They need to fence the cities and demand payments for each layer = citadels. Poorest will live outside
Capitalist ARE the plutocrats.
You're talking about a strawman called socialism, not socialism. Plus, I'm not calling for socialism, I'm saying that a mix of socialism is preferable. Extremes tend to be bad
The true purpose of bitcoin is to end all forms of socialism. 

Bitcoin will kill socialism, something republics have been unable to achieve..
Because ‘taxation being theft’ is the root of anarchy hypotheses, and anarchy is not what lifts everyone. It’s interesting you say legal extortion. Some people I’ve spoken with say that the “theft” is the crime and this taxes are illegal and thus the entire government is deserving of being dismantled.

Taken to its extreme, denying the government its right to have you pay for services it provides and ones that you knowingly or not utilize, the government ceases to exist in any real manner.

Humans naturally form groups and those groups require some sort of order, which comes in the form of rules. Humans naturally form governments. Even if you don’t wish to in the post-federal-govt-age, the people around you will, and you would need to be able to stop them if they threatened some aspect of your life.
Well said.
Exactly why I believe there will be an age where the elites will lose trust in governments and instead form a group together with private funding to fight the government that’s supporting socialists (as socialists gain support from the lower echelons of wealth in numbers) which will lead to segregated societies and cities which selectively exclude/ban people of a certain status and then will need military protection from those terrorist/extreme socialists who would use government physical force to try and confiscate wealth from the elite.

I believe that eventually that is what the socialists aim to achieve by forcefully taking wealth at an increasing rate on people who have achieved a greater standing than them aka the top 1%. The French Revolution they always say is inevitable if they continue to be denied is just an idea that they are planning to pursue anyway once enough support is garnered against the top 1%

Summary:
Hey, if there's something that nobody wants to contribute to, then it shouldn't be funded, no matter what propaganda the media peddles to us.
&gt; Hey, if there's something that nobody wants to contribute to, then it shouldn't be funded, no matter what propaganda the media peddles to us.
"Socialism works until you run out of other people's money".
Socialism itself merely means people chip in for things that make everyone's lives better.
Taxes are bad but I pay it because it’s legal extortion.
