Original Response:
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.

Now being posted at 10pm eastern!

https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74
Hey y’all, last night wasn’t as bad as it could’ve been. Still not great, my manager is out and we have someone else that’s over us and idk about him. Made my girlfriend some chocolate strawberries for my girlfriend and we went to ihop today, went to spirit Halloween, pretty good day.

Studying: English 1010

Listening to: my girlfriend talk about her week

Drinking: water

First
Congrats on first.

Bummer about work, hope it gets better soon.
[congrats on the first!!!](https://m.imgur.com/xBUnlyY) 

Man you sound like a rad boyfriend!! You’re girlfriend is lucky! 

Sounds like an overall fun day too!
Thank you
I try my best
How's the evening playing out so far?
No doubt lol
Wet, one of the hardest rains of the summer tonight. I slid all across the damn road getting to work
Damn. Made it safe though in the end?
Yeah, every was going like 15 under
It’s our one year next week
CONGRATS!!! I’m really happy for you two!!
Thank you
You’re welcome :)
What's up folks?

Yanks officially clinched a postseason berth today. Not the one you want, but ya gotta get in to win, so... A step in the right direction.

Whatcha vapin' on tonight?
Pretty much every cloudberry flavor ever for me lol how about you?
back on the BEWD train. Didn't feel like rewicking today and needed something ready to go for work.
BEWD never seems to let you down lol sounds like a rad juice
You'll know for sure before the week is out.
Cheers to that my dude!
Hope you dig it when it arrives.
Thanks, I don’t doubt that I will!
Hope so.
Man, after their post today, I'm definitely gonna order some of their juice

That kind of thinking REALLY needs to be supported as far as I'm concerned.
Nah for real. Dans the best. And I’m really happy he’s doing this. It’s an issue that’s hit close to me and knowing I’m supporting his cause makes me love him even more. I’m trying to move away from store bought juice but his will always be one of the few I’ll get. 

Everything cloudberry makes is fantastic but cereal crunch is a favorite of mine as is his apple pie.
glad for your yanks,  but i almost forgot baseball season was still going on... (in denial with a bad team myself...)... but cool on that...

hitting some kings juice from ViAB,  Mast, some or u/RamboUnchained 's fine diy work,  with a touch of Blue dot in there...
Excellent!

Sorry about your White Sox.
&gt; Sorry about your White Sox.

lol,  i gave up on them last year at this point.... looking forward to 2020.... :)
Cleveland looks to be far from invincible, you could be a few pieces and some good health away from a legitimate run at the post season next year.
&gt; Cleveland looks to be far from invincible

true.  I just wish they had beat the cubs 2 years ago in that game 7. 

but,  tbh,  i have been so distracted with rl that haven't been following closely the development other then listening to chicago sports radio and hearing about possible future things... whatever... It's probably a good thing,   because I literally used to either watch every damn game,  or had season tickets and went to every home game (or at least 3/4's)... i can't spend that time now!.... you know how it goes.... :)
Never been so fortunate as to catch more than 1 or 2 games in person in any given one season, but that much must have been pretty rad.
somehow i wasn't alerted of your reply,, hmmm...

yeah,  was damn spoiled in chicago,  sucks now where I am... but hell,  it was just sadly part of my life and lived with it and drank with them on it,   and hell,  was a good distraction right?   but that eats up hours.... and I'm too old now to have white sox relief pitchers and 3rd basemen sleeping on my couch now you know? (time passes....)...

Summary:
It’s our one year next week.
Sorry about your White Sox.
&gt; Sorry about your White Sox.
Yeah, every was going like 15 under.
BEWD never seems to let you down lol sounds like a rad juice.
I slid all across the damn road getting to work.
