Original Response:
When i first heard about the game way back... what mostly appeal to me was, Buy To Play No Subscription and Later Episodes/Season Will be Free. No Pay To win System. and i'm looking at games like ESO , WoW , BDO and other MMO. Who's milking their Player base as much as they could. While our community even suggest a Same Format as ESO where we Sell New Dungeon Content  or Raids in Gem Store. but as such till now. you still stick to your guns.


- Sorry For My English. i'm asian

-P.S : just wanna say we flame the game and we flame how things are done because we love the game. but honestly looking at the MMORPG Genre. GW2 has been handled really well.
It's quite rare for a company to not take the piss out of their customer somewhere down the road. Anet has done exceptionally well.
yhea... the game respected manifesto perfectly RIGHT?
Okay except MountGate but yes I agree ANet has been one of the tamest devs our there
Even so, how many gaming companies have reverted their p2w decisions after negative feedback? Especially considering they probably made some good money of it.
[It's pretty close.](https://www.guildwars2.com/en/news/guild-wars-2-design-manifesto/)
IMO mount gate wasn't so bad because you eventually completed the set.  I think it's mostly because of the time it released when lootbox fiasco was at its peak.

Even then, Anet has added better incentives to their lootboxes. Black lion chests used to be 30c and now they're 7s a piece, which means the changes they've made have been very successful.  

And to counter your point, anet hasn't stopped adding "mount gate". They merely improved it but it's still the same practice.
Which part is ?

Choices matter ? No they don't, it's a linear story and you can't change it.

No "holy trinity" ? Well guess what, we have DPS, tanks and healers...so yep.

Oh wait, the combat part and how they are so innovative about it ? Well it's a pretty standard action RPG, and GW1 beats it in term of build diversity. 


Let's be honest, the graphics are nice, the music is too. Characters are pretty bad, story in general is average at best. They watered down the number of skills and abilities you can have, and even in terms of stuff to do they cut away content too.

Edit: Unless this was sarcasm and I missed it ?
can you now buy the mount skin you want? or some skins are rng only? also if i understood correctly you never get a useless double and if you bought the whole pack there was no rng
The introduction of raids and a the need for a trinity structure disappointed me.  At least the community is less toxic on average than others I’ve played.
Wow, I disagree so much with your whole statement here.

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt; Choices matter ? No they don't, it's a linear story and you can't change it.

&amp;#x200B;

I mean yeah.. do you know the manpower it would take to create the endless different endings for every choice you make? I think Anet does a great job at making you feel like your decisions matter with the different instances they set up for every story. While yes, the ending is the same, the way you get there differs and I think that's about as much as they \*can\* do and they do a damn good job at it.

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt; No "holy trinity" ? Well guess what, we have DPS, tanks and healers....so yep.

&amp;#x200B;

I don't know what you expect them to do here. Every single character in the game (despite popular beliefs) is viable for raids, besides certain raids like how Reaper struggles on big bosses. The only reason the "holy trinity" exists is because the players deep down just feel more comfortable sticking with the same setup as other MMOs. I could easily raid as a healer Elementalist instead of a Druid, but people are just more comfortable playing with Druids, so they stick to their "mold" for what they want in raids.

&amp;#x200B;

Also, to point this out: you're NEVER going to break the holy trinity in any MMORPG if you want a somewhat difficult end game. If there is any fight where you \*\*don't\*\* need heals, \*\*don't\*\* need a tank, or \*\*don't\*\* need DPS, I would venture that it wouldn't be difficult at all. 

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;  Characters are pretty bad, story in general is average at best.

&amp;#x200B;

This is your opinion so I'm not going to flat out tell you you're wrong, but I've played many story oriented games and rarely do I ever get into the lore so heavily as I do with GW2. The story is amazing in my experience, while some episodes are lackluster and some story arcs are just flat out annoying, I think the best parts of the GW2 story may be the best parts of any story I've ever played. I don't think I meet very many people who think the story isn't good.

&amp;#x200B;

The characters I extremely disagree with. Aside from certain characters (Zojja, Braham, Caithe, Marjory) I find that I've loved the writing of the rest of them. Every character is extremely fleshed out, and if you were to choose any of the main characters to describe you could easily write an essay about the arc of them all. The attention to detail in developing the characters in this game is amazing. 

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt; They've watered down the number of skills and abilities you can have

&amp;#x200B;

I don't understand this? Do you mean the amount of skills you can have equipped at once? There are something like 30-40 skills for each character, leading to endless playstyles for every one. I'd also argue that it's better that the skills you can used are locked at a specific 6-7 amount, because jesus when I played WoW for a short period of time I got a headache having to manage so many skills. To each their own I guess.

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;  even in terms of stuff to do they cut away content too. 

&amp;#x200B;

Sarcasm? They release a new map every like 2-3 months, and expansions every year or two which has 4-5 maps, a new raid wing, new legendaries. Theres PVP, Fractals, Raids, Fashion, Open World, WvW. I think, instead of there being stuff you \*can't\* do, you're moreso confused that there's stuff you're not \*\*forced\*\* to do. I can agree that when you're level 80 you almost feel like you don't know what to do because there is nothing that is necessary. I felt a little bit lost until I realized I loved Raids and Fractals, so I've been slowly moving up the Fractal levels for the past year and I'm maxed out at this point. There is absolutely not a lack of content to do anymore, maybe at the launch of the game yes.

&amp;#x200B;

However this is all my opinion, but I feel like in my opinion there are some facts and you're being a bit hyperbolic in your statements.
There are still [some](https://youtu.be/NA5vT1LooXk?t=1364). In this case, they have grown a lot over time, and it's pretty fascinating when you realize they are essentially competing against Activision (Bungie), Ubisoft and soon EA (Bioware), so a lonely studio can stick to their ethics for years against business titans and be successful.
Well, yeah, but people always crying for free stuff so for them paying more to something they really desire feels like an insult. Even if it's a useless cosmetic skin.
People had a wide array of expectations for GW2, and I understand being disappointed when they weren't all met.  However, I don't feel ANet purposefully misled people with false expectations.  This manifesto especially is a very close description of GW2.

&gt; Choices matter

In the linked text this explicitly refers to the Personal Story paths and Dynamic Events.  They didn't promise different endings, just different lines to get there.  "You can stand up for the villagers, or you can watch their village burn to the ground and then deal with the consequences." is still true for Dynamic Events.

&gt; No "holy trinity" (DPS, Tanks, Healers)

They don't mention any of these in this manifesto.  When they've talked about it in other places they often mention a "soft trinity" and/or flexible roles.  They mainly wanted to avoid having to wait for a tank, or being forced to only play healer.  I agree that this needs improvement, but not that healing and tanking were promised to never be part of GW2.

The rest of your post is mostly opinion, but the combat was pretty innovative for MMOs when this manifesto was released.  I think more build diversity is always a good thing, but GW2 has really caught up with GW1 recently and will probably surpass it once Expansion 3 is released.
It s fashion war2 after all
&gt; I mean yeah.. do you know the manpower it would take to create the endless different endings for every choice you make? I think Anet does a great job at making you feel like your decisions matter with the different instances they set up for every story. While yes, the ending is the same, the way you get there differs and I think that's about as much as they *can* do and they do a damn good job at it.




​A good job ? That's also your opinion. Except the first episodes of the personal story where "choices" all branch out to the same linear story after the level 30 ones, can't say it was out of this world. Maybe I'm just used to old school RPGs, dunno. Bioware managed to do some amazing personal stories with the SWTOR classes (some sucked, but not all of them at least). Funny enough, they also started doing a linear story, and as of now pretty much everyone hates it. 

&gt; I don't know what you expect them to do here. Every single character in the game (despite popular beliefs) is viable for raids, besides certain raids like how Reaper struggles on big bosses. The only reason the "holy trinity" exists is because the players deep down just feel more comfortable sticking with the same setup as other MMOs. I could easily raid as a healer Elementalist instead of a Druid, but people are just more comfortable playing with Druids, so they stick to their "mold" for what they want in raids.

​

Like the title of the post said, and what the user I was responding to said, Anet supposedly sticked to their guns. The point was that, no, they didn't. They promised the "no holy trinity, everyone can do everything", which is a lie. Yeah sure every class is viable, yes you can raid with a full necro party if you feel like it, but that's it. Want to break certain time limit, beat a wing ? You can use the full meta build/team composition and do it, or if you're a sadomasochist do it with rangers decked in yellows for the heck of it. If they said "Yeah, after some tests guess we do need some sort of trinity after all" I wouldn't give a skritt, they're owning up to the lie they're currently maintaining. 



​

&gt; This is your opinion so I'm not going to flat out tell you you're wrong, but I've played many story oriented games and rarely do I ever get into the lore so heavily as I do with GW2. The story is amazing in my experience, while some episodes are lackluster and some story arcs are just flat out annoying, I think the best parts of the GW2 story may be the best parts of any story I've ever played. I don't think I meet very many people who think the story isn't good. 
The characters I extremely disagree with. Aside from certain characters (Zojja, Braham, Caithe, Marjory) I find that I've loved the writing of the rest of them. Every character is extremely fleshed out, and if you were to choose any of the main characters to describe you could easily write an essay about the arc of them all. The attention to detail in developing the characters in this game is amazing.

​

Guess I'll just keep my opinion for myself then.

&gt; I don't understand this? Do you mean the amount of skills you can have equipped at once? There are something like 30-40 skills for each character, leading to endless playstyles for every one. I'd also argue that it's better that the skills you can used are locked at a specific 6-7 amount, because jesus when I played WoW for a short period of time I got a headache having to manage so many skills. To each their own I guess.

​

What I meant was that in GW1, you had over 1300 different skills, build possibilities were nearly endless (and there was some meta build, as always). Compared to GW2, this is simply ridiculous. Yeah sure, classes like the elementalist are nearly on a GW1 level in terms of available skills, but that's it. Good luck creating the bunny thumper equivalent in GW2.

&gt; Sarcasm? They release a new map every like 2-3 months, and expansions every year or two which has 4-5 maps, a new raid wing, new legendaries. Theres PVP, Fractals, Raids, Fashion, Open World, WvW. I think, instead of there being stuff you *can't* do, you're moreso confused that there's stuff you're not **forced** to do. I can agree that when you're level 80 you almost feel like you don't know what to do because there is nothing that is necessary. I felt a little bit lost until I realized I loved Raids and Fractals, so I've been slowly moving up the Fractal levels for the past year and I'm maxed out at this point. There is absolutely not a lack of content to do anymore, maybe at the launch of the game yes.

​

PvP in GW1 had more options, GvG was a thing. There was a Hard mode for story missions, the Underworld for challenging content. In fact, compared to your list, Fractals and raids weren't there, and the open world didn't exist for the simple fact that it's a game filled with instances.

&gt; However this is all my opinion, but I feel like in my opinion there are some facts and you're being a bit hyperbolic in your statements. 



Cool, there's some facts in mine too. I'm not hyperbolic, I'm just not writing an essay on why I think the game could be better. I don't think it's anywhere near the TORtanic level, and I play it daily since the beta weekend. Thing is, there's some points were I personally feel the game could improve. I'll give the benefit of doubt to the Dev team, and keep following GW2 for years to come. 

Oh well, keep downvoting just because I think some parts aren't great, folks.
The point is, there's no consequence to helping (or not) the villagers. No permanent damage, not people mourning after the attack, nor any kind of migration of civilians after the event (small exemple). Worst thing would be a contested waypoint for 10 to 15 minutes. Woopteedo

Like another user told me, yeah it would tax the game engine wayyyyy to much if they kept that promise. Yep, sure it would have. Thing is, there's still no consequences to acting or not to dynamic events...except missing on loot and XP.


&gt; The rest of your post is mostly opinion, but the combat was pretty innovative for MMOs when this manifesto was released. I think more build diversity is always a good thing, but GW2 has really caught up with GW1 recently and will probably surpass it once Expansion 3 is released.


I sure hope they do, there's still over 1300 different skills in GW1, so hopefully with classes like the elementalist and the engineer, they'll manage to bust that cap next expansion.
Personally I feel that BL chests have gone up simply because they don't drop as much. I once had more than 500 of them in my bank but I've been sitting near 100 for a while now.
A bit off topic but is costumer a different spelling of customer or is this a misspelling of consumer?
It's the wrong spelling of customer. But costumers may or may not be involved as well.
I’ll take the gem store shinies business model above paying for playable content any day...
"need for trinity". There just isnt minmaxing without it. Cant be done. Wont be done.
Support, offence and defense will always be part of games like these.
GW2 had to do it as well.

'Member when they relocated [Tarrktun](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Tarrktun) from its cave to the open area between TP and crafting stations? How people went batshit crazy about it, and bought heaps of gems to keep rolling the (suddenly easily accessible dice)? 

Iirc it took Anet less than 48 hours to revert that QoL change, because they too were shocked about the player reaction, despite the ridiculous profit margins on gem sales.
Right now you are complaining about them selling cosmetic skins for mounts in a no subscription fee AAA mmo. And these skins can be bought for in game gold. There is absolutely no pay to win in this game, and even the cosmetics can be bought with in game currency. 

I am 100% convinced Anet cannot win with some players because of this mindset. Find me 1 mmo that is even close. Anet isn't a charity, and they are EXTREMELY fair with how they deal with customers.
Yeah, I think the trinity is just the way games default to - someone will always want to play a tank, someone will always want to heal. GW2 is nice in that there's no set roles, but you can fill one if you want.
some ppl think the earth is flat... so.. you are free to think that... even if it's not true...
Oh look, apologists.

No. It was bad. It's only *slightly* less bad than the other ones. It's an unnecessary stain on the game and company. Rose glasses off please.
They said it would be about personal skill, not gear, and then they added ascended and legendary equipment into the game, meaning you need to grind if you want best in slot equipment.

Compare that to GW1 where a mechanically perfect weapon can be bought from a merchant for about an hour's worth of money.

Asc/legendary should not have had better stats or qol compared to standard equipment, if they wanted to maintain the manifesto. I'd even go as far as saying stats would have been better off as a player setting like traits, if they wanted to keep the best aspects of GW1.

So no. I don't think they've kept to the manifesto at all. Not nearly as well as they could have done, anyway.
"There is rng until there is none anymore."

It's still rng.
The combat was not at all innovative, Vindictus did it years before and better.
geez, you dont need asc/leg gear for ANYTHING in the game besides for the AR slots...

still salty about this 5 years later? get a life.
Legendary equipment was in it from the beginning though, and neither it nor ascended are required for anything, the one exception being you need at least ascended gear for fractals for the AR. The only real reason to go to legendary armor or weapons from there is for convenience with swapping stats.
A different opinion doesn't make one an apologist. Yes, it was easily the most shady thing anet has done so far, but there were still some major differences between mount gate and the typical lootbox.
Costumers = those who play Fashion Wars.
hence the reaction from the community
&gt; Our games aren’t about preparing to have fun..

Meta events are on a scheduled timer that you have to wait around to do. Some dungeons are locked behind events that you have to wait for to spawn. Collection achievements are locked behind events that are on a timer.

&gt; or about grinding for a future fun reward.

Like having to level to 80, then level your masteries? Or obtain massive amounts of materials and gold to craft a Legendary? Or waiting around for an event to spawn to get a thing for your collection?

&gt; You can stand up for the villagers, or you can watch their village burn to the ground and then deal with the consequences.

What consequences are there for failing an event other than losing access to a WP or needing it to fail to get progress on a collection?

&gt; So much of traditional MMO combat is rote and repetitive. You execute the same strategy over and over again, just augmented over time with better and better gear. 

You put on your zerk/commanders/harriers/fotm gear and go through your max DPS/boon/heal rotation so the boss dies in 4 minutes and doesn't get a chance to execute any of its mechanics.
Many people were angry when they implemented ascended gear.

And when they implemented the NPE.

And during the launch of HoT.

And when they said they'd halt development on gen 2 legendary weapons that were said to come with HoT. They eventually resumed development on them but are still working on them years after they were expected to come out.

And when legendary armor - another feature for HoT - came out a year late.
Vindictus launched in the US 6 months after this was posted, but I don't know if I would compare it to GW2 combat.  GW2 is more hybrid than pure action, less instance-based, scales to more players, and has more class customization and flexibility.

I think most people would agree that Vindictus is a very different game, and moment-to-moment feels quite different from GW2.
Well about the trinity thing in a lot of bosses the Meta strategy has no trinity. For example on samarog the Meta comp doesn't use the tank setup for chrono. And they use a condi druid which heals for so little it's not even worth to call it an healer.

Play how you want implies people can play healers if they want to.
I've always read it as skill is more important than gear, and the gear you *need* to have fun isn't difficult to get.

I didn't see it as a promise that gear wouldn't matter, it just wasn't the main focus or a gate to content.  I think things like this [budget raid challenge](https://www.reddit.com/r/Guildwars2/comments/9f8znb/ivt_masterwork_w5_challenge_mode_on_a_3g_budget/) shows they've mostly stuck by this.
Er mount adoption licences anyone.
Not close at all.
Guild Wars 2 has always been a balancing act between convenience and consequence/immersion.

&gt; Events on timers.

This is partially a trade-off for mega-servers, but also a convenience for people who have limited play time and want to guarantee they'll log-in during a given event.

&gt; Grinding / Leveling / Legendaries

Again, this is a balance between a feeling of progression/achievement and convenience.  The expansions feel very different before and after unlocking masteries, but you wouldn't be able to feel that if they were all given to you at the beginning.  I would argue that Legendaries are not required to have fun, and the journey/difficulty is half the reason players are drawn to them.

&gt; Dungeons locked behind events / events with no consequences

These go hand-in-hand.  Losing events can close off areas, turn NPC's hostile, shut down services, and tell different stories.

&gt; same strategy over and over

In 2010, many MMOs were designed so you had a main with a primary build that you would stick with.  When a new encounter released you would adapt to it more by changing tactics(pulling mobs) than strategy(builds, group comp).  I agree that there could be more variety, but GW2 does make it easy to experiment with different strategies and has encounters that encourage it.

&gt; Rotations

Unfortunately this seems to happen in most PvE games.  It's the same process that leads to speed-running and perfect/untouchable plays in other games.  Mastery will always outpace design.  Hopefully Anet creates more content that disrupts both these things.
I'm confused.

How is it convenient to be forced to wait to do an activity?

&gt; but you wouldn't be able to feel that if they were all given to you at the beginning.

I agree, but that is the opposite of what the manifesto said.

&gt; but GW2 does make it easy to experiment with different strategies and has encounters that encourage it.

But it doesn't let you save any of your build, gear, or ability configurations

&gt;  It's the same process that leads to speed-running and perfect/untouchable plays in other games

It's a bigger problem in GW2 when you can trivialize most encounters, ignore mechanics and technique just by doing damage.
Sometimes there are additional consequences like closed services, NPCs turned hostile, blocked off areas, and if you follow NPC's some do mourn their circumstances!  Buy yeah, permanent changes would be pretty hard to pull off for an MMO without resetting the world regularly, which has its own impact on immersion.

Your comment made me curious, so I counted and there are now over 1600 skills in GW2 (give or take a dozen for miscounts).  PoF added over 240 skills with 57 just on Weaver.  Granted you can't combine all of them like GW1, but still a good selection!
&gt; How is it convenient to be forced to wait to do an activity?

Have you ever had a busy Saturday where you only have time to play for an hour, but you can choose when to play?  Having the meta you need on a timer can be really handy on days like that.

&gt; I agree, but that is the opposite of what the manifesto said.

I didn't read it as no progression, just no grinding.  Traditional MMOs often required doing the same thing over and over in order to progress to meaningful content.  GW2 feels very different from those, as I've always finished a level/mastery before running out of new events/exploration/story.

&gt; But it doesn't let you save any of your build, gear, or ability configurations

They *need* to add Build Templates before Expansion 3.  No sane person would disagree with you here.

&gt; It's a bigger problem in GW2 when you can trivialize most encounters, ignore mechanics and technique just by doing damage.

True.  I think this is a side effect of many other positive systems, but hopefully the developers can work to minimize it/design around it more in the future.
If I only have an hour to play and the current time is 6 PM, and the next Dragon Stand starts at 7 PM, how is this handy????
Yes, there is an option to choose the exact skin you want from the adoption licenses. The guaranteed choose license costs more than an rng license though
&gt; you can choose when to play

Like a house day, where you have lots of paperwork and chores and other random stuff that needs doing, but you can squeeze in an hour of play whenever you want.

Or a work/school day where you can choose to either (a) wake up an hour earlier, (b) go to sleep an hour later, or (c) take an extra hour at lunch.

When you don't have long, but you can choose what part of the day, that's where scheduled metas/bosses can be a blessing.
I still don't understand why I was supposed to be mad about that.
&gt;from the community

*from a few vocal members of the community
Not to mention it had absolutely no affect on the core gameplay. Compared to other games, guild wars 2 in my opinion has been the fairest one I've played
How is WoW pay to win? Pay to play maybe and even then you can buy subscription with in-game money...
WoW isn't pay to win.
Right, but that’s what OP is saying haha.
Technically you would have to pay for the game I guess
That’s not the “pay to win” platform though. There’s no weapons/armors/abilities in the game that you can use your debit card to buy and become God-like like OP is implying.
They ment either P2W or going sub model i think.
? Wasn't WOW a subscription since the start?

I don't see how it's company is being a money grubber if their core business model hasn't changed for a decade
€25/30 for a mount skin.

€10 for a headpiece skin.

Basic account services that range from €15-25 like appearance changes, name changes etc.
There's a cash shop for WoW that sells pets ($10), mounts ($25), and helms ($15) beyond the usual game services. A cash shop like this in addition to the subscription model rubs a lot of people the wrong way.
Ah I see. Didn't think of it like that.

But doesn't a constant subscription mean they get a lot of content that's covered by the subscription?

Summary:
&gt; I don't understand this?
&gt; I don't know what you expect them to do here.
GW2 had to do it as well.
Didn't think of it like that.
&amp;#x200B;

I don't know what you expect them to do here.
Thing is, there's some points were I personally feel the game could improve.
&amp;#x200B;

\&gt; No "holy trinity" ?
&amp;#x200B;

The characters I extremely disagree with.
The characters I extremely disagree with.
To each their own I guess.
I don't think they've kept to the manifesto at all.
Play how you want implies people can play healers if they want to.
&gt; I agree, but that is the opposite of what the manifesto said.
Technically you would have to pay for the game I guess.
I think Anet does a great job at making you feel like your decisions matter with the different instances they set up for every story.
I don't think I meet very many people who think the story isn't good.
No they don't, it's a linear story and you can't change it.
&gt; No "holy trinity" (DPS, Tanks, Healers)

They don't mention any of these in this manifesto.
The point was that, no, they didn't.
&gt; I mean yeah.. do you know the manpower it would take to create the endless different endings for every choice you make?
I agree, but that is the opposite of what the manifesto said.
can you now buy the mount skin you want?
&amp;#x200B;

I mean yeah.. do you know the manpower it would take to create the endless different endings for every choice you make?
I agree that this needs improvement, but not that healing and tanking were promised to never be part of GW2.
&gt; The rest of your post is mostly opinion, but the combat was pretty innovative for MMOs when this manifesto was released.
&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;  Characters are pretty bad, story in general is average at best.
I can agree that when you're level 80 you almost feel like you don't know what to do because there is nothing that is necessary.
Anet has done exceptionally well.
Yeah, I think the trinity is just the way games default to - someone will always want to play a tank, someone will always want to heal.
There are something like 30-40 skills for each character, leading to endless playstyles for every one.
