Original Response:
https://youtu.be/nFU0HkIgtYs?t=202

Just stumbled upon this bike. 

A dual front, regular bike with the famous inline 3 Yamaha engine (850 cc, 115 hp), even experienced riders think is extraordinary.

I am pumped to ride that one, since I recently took the new FZ 09 for a spin.

How do you feel about it?
A lot of people on here shit on it.  It's funny how anal people get about OEM's trying out new ideas.  I think that anything that creates more or unusual interest in powersports is a net win for the industry. 
  
I  think it's a very cool bike.  It's got its pros and cons, of course, but at the end of the day it's a step in the evolution of motorcycles.  Time will tell if it's a misstep or if it's a new direction.  There are other takes on this style, like the [MP3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piaggio_MP3).  The good thing about these designs is the greatly reduced risk of head shake and better contact patch in the front, improving front-wheel(s) grip on the road (reducing the chance of the front end washing out from under you, which is hugely difficult to recover from on the street)
MP3 is a scooter though, the niken is the first venture ive seen into motorcycle territory with the leaning thing from a major manufacturer. 

I'm just curious if you can slam on the brakes on a curve like you can with the can am spyders without issue.
The MP3 is a scooter and that's not my cup of tea. The german version of the testing videos in the alps, had some semi-pro Yamaha Cup riders have ago and they were quite happy with the bike, especially considering the usability for normal people.

Like I said, I recently took the FZ-09 out for a spin on my home turf and it was like riding a mountainbike with 115 hp. 
I have a Honda Firehawk 996 with some upgrades and it was faster just off the lot with a much more modest seating position and all the electronic gismos.

Well, I'm really looking forward to ride this klingon wheelchair ;)
[deleted]
A scooter is well below any motorcycle performance when it comes to dynamics. 

The NIKEN is fun and can be considerd a mature bike, while the MP3 is a safer city-surfer option. 

With two wheels in the front the bike can slide a bit, where a regular bike would just produce a low sider. Lose grip in the front and you're down. 
Here you can feel the loss of grip and still be safe.
Yeah, ignorance!

I know people who were bitching about ABS, then cornering ABS, then traction control and wheely control and blippers and now they have a 2018 Fireblade and it is just so good to have these MOTO GP™ electronics to really USE the power of the bike.

And before that they were bitching about fuel injection, drive by wire, compound tires...
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm more on the side of sporty bikes and I find 100hp+ to be a nice place to be on a bike.
I like the thing myself, but then again I'm kind of attracted to oddballs so whatever.

Summary:
I  think it's a very cool bike.
A lot of people on here shit on it.
I like the thing myself, but then again I'm kind of attracted to oddballs so whatever.
