Original Response:
There are two sides of the story here, so I’m reserving judgement. 

But it does seem odd that Air Canada flew their luggage home without them on the plane; that’s typically a big no-no.
There are two sides to every story, but presumably the tribunal considered both sides before making its ruling. This story isn't "consumer complains to the media to raise awareness" this is "consumer took the company to court and won".
Definitely reserve judgement until the tribunal returns their decision.
[deleted]
$65,000 is a pittance for an airline like Air Canada. That being said the customer took the company to a tribunal not a court and the tribunal fined the foreign company while leaving the local airline blameless. 

This is much less compelling than you are making it out to be.
The judgement is already done and Air Canada lost.
The tribunal said that Jet Airways was also responsible.
They did. It was against Air Canada. $65,000 to the family.
That's the joke.
&gt; Air Canada said the family had to disembark because Teesha was ill and her safety could be compromised if her condition worsened mid-flight. If she required an emergency landing, that would inconvenience other passengers, the airline said.

There's the other side of the story.


&gt;According to the commission's decision, Teesha may have vomited, not because she was sick, but due to the smell from the plane's washroom.

&gt;It also said Air Canada shouldn't have diagnosed the child without seeking medical attention.

&gt;"An air hostess cannot decide if somebody's sick or unfit to travel," said Mittal.

And there's the ruling on why their side was in the wrong.
Yeah, once my flight got cancelled in Chicago. Happened to run into my dad at the airport there (he was returning to Calgary from
A business trip). He told me there was room on the Calgary flight so I ran to the gate. They were going to get me on that flight until they realized my luggage was still in the airports possession.  They said “nope can’t leave your luggage in another country”. So I had to find a hotel and try to get on a flight the next day with my luggage
But no fine or penalty.
Yeah, I don't want our Air Stewardesses to become Sky Doctors. They have neither the knowledge or the training to make such decisions. 

Someone throwing up on a plane isn't grounds for throwing them off. Jesus, I've barely ever flown and I've seen multiple people use the vomit bags. In fact, I've used one myself because I got a migraine. There's a ton of legitimate reasons. Vomit is not pretty or nice, but it doesn't mean they're a danger to anyone.
[deleted]
Agreed.

Also, I love the term "sky doctors", haha.
Reserving judgement till when? A actual judgement which is what this is about!?
Perhaps, it wasn’t however covered in the linked article.
They aren't sky doctors, but what if she was seriously ill, like with something obvious like measles or really vomiting everywhere?  Should the staff have to let them on the plane because they aren't sky doctors?  Where do they draw the line?

There has to be some responsibility on the airline to keep the rest of the passengers safe, no?
That seems pretty reasonable.  Did you not want your luggage?
Yes, which is why they should have had her checked out by a qualified medical professional before kicking her off, as the court said as well. 

This girl doesn't have the measles and wasn't throwing up everywhere, so I'm not sure how your examples are relevant.
[deleted]
Airports aren't hospitals. Of course, delay the flight two hours to wait for a doctor to show up.

Im not saying the airline is in the wrong, I'm just saying you're looking at it wrong. 

This isn't a black and white issue, it shouldn't be a requirement to have a doctor check people out but it should be a specific checklist. If the person is vomiting blood, they probably shouldn't be on the plane, if they are unable to stand up, same idea. If someone is throwing up, that's understandable. We don't really know how bad the person was in this situation, but I am pretty sceptical that the reason she was throwing up was because the planes bathroom was smelly.
Its understandable for the airline to presume shes moderatey ill and say "we cant do that". But if you are giving yourself that authority then help the family get their luggage back and get them a hotel for the night since the corporartion is the party that doesnt think shes well enough to fly. Dont just abandon them in the damn airport with a sick preteen and young child in the middle of the night!
You are inferring that they will pay a dime. It is not stated in the article.
[deleted]
Yes, yes I am. 

Good point.
[deleted]
I did. I figured they could still send it to Winnipeg. But they don’t do that lol.
[deleted]
There might be a small exception to that. Baggage reconciliation may not have to occur if the passenger doesn't know the bags have been rerouted. I've misconnected at Pearson and had my bags go without me. 

Back in those days they didn't use explosive detection x-ray or CTX to screen bags. Until the mid 2000's domestic hold baggage wasn't screened at all. I think international bound luggage only started being screened slightly before that.
It may have been the fact that the bags were checked through (on a stopover). Once they bags are loaded at the primary departure point it isn't always the case that the luggage is removed on stopovers.

But ya, they should have still tried to accommodate them instead of leaving them stranded like that.
No, you have that backwards - planes don't wait for doctors.

They should have been removed if the flight staff felt that it was warranted, but then allowed the passengers to get medical checks and then re-board the next available flight.
[deleted]
&gt; I don't want our Air Stewardesses to become Sky Doctors. 

That's why the girl was asked to leave the plane. All they know is that a child vomiting *could potentially* worsen mid-flight or *maybe* be contagious to other passengers. So they're asked to leave the plane due to the possible risk. They didn't try to diagnose the girl, they just said "You're too risky"
No I read the article... just missed that point. 

None the less I concede the point.
&gt; , I don't want our Air Stewardesses to become Sky Doctors.

It used to be (some 60 years ago) that you had to be a nurse before you could be hired as a stewardess...
&gt; But it does seem odd that Air Canada flew their luggage home without them on the plane; that’s typically a big no-no. 

This also opens up an avenue for exploitation: I can blow up an airplane by putting an altitude-sensitive bomb in my suitcase, vomit on the jetway just before boarding, and my luggage flies on without me. *I was so lucky to have been removed from that flight!*
Oh ya, of course, they should do what they can to help them after getting off the plane.  That goes without saying.  I'm just talking about the authority to not let them on the first place.
We don't know the condition of the girl.  We only know one side of the story her family has given.  For all we know she went to the bathroom because she was going to vomit, and not because of the smell.  We don't know.  However, if the staff believe that she was sick enough to kick off the plane then we should consider her condition might be worse than the family let on.

Consider that there is no reason provided for them to want the family to leave the plan.  The flight attendants might just be evil monsters who enjoy kicking people off of planes, but that seems like more of a stretch than the girl was sick.

The airline has responsibilities to all of the passengers and crew and if they think there is a chance that someone is too sick to fly then they should't let them on the plane.  Would you want to sit next to the girl who just vomited before takeoff?
There is a reason why the airlines don't send luggage on a different plane than the passengers, particularly by request.
There definitely should have been clear guidelines before this. I mean, I dont want to share a plane with someone who has the pukes, thats fair, but you cant just leave a family on the tarmac.
I suspect they do have clear guidelines.  They have been in the business for a few years.

The guidelines are probably "If you feel that a passenger might be too sick to fly or a same to other passengers then you may remove them from the plane."
Thats pretty vague to me...
&gt; you cant just leave a family on the tarmac

Why is it a companies responsibility to care for these people?
It's the only reasonable solution.  You cannot adequately assess the situation from a medical point of view during boarding. Maybe they should have offered to rebook the flight for free at a later date
I see you, I get that part. But the corp put the family in that position. So good customer service/corp responsibility would be to help them. Not "too bad so sad".
Yes! It would have taken them 5 minutes and the expense would have been minimal to the airline.
I was in such a panic to get home that I didn’t even think of the logic of that at the time

Summary:
It was against Air Canada.
&gt; I don't want our Air Stewardesses to become Sky Doctors.
&gt; , I don't want our Air Stewardesses to become Sky Doctors.
That's why the girl was asked to leave the plane.
There's the other side of the story.
Yeah, I don't want our Air Stewardesses to become Sky Doctors.
We don't know the condition of the girl.
*I was so lucky to have been removed from that flight!
Im not saying the airline is in the wrong, I'm just saying you're looking at it wrong.
There is a reason why the airlines don't send luggage on a different plane than the passengers, particularly by request.
&gt; But it does seem odd that Air Canada flew their luggage home without them on the plane; that’s typically a big no-no.
$65,000 is a pittance for an airline like Air Canada.
