Original Response:
I’ve always thought that the doctors put you to sleep before cutting you open but now I’m not so sure cuz I’ve read stories on c sections and women seem to be awake. Also, are c sections free in the U.K.? How do you even get one? Do you ask during labour or as soon as you find out you’re pregnant? 

- Just a curious kid lol
this is nuts.

c sections are only done when medically necessary for the health of the baby or mother.
Unfortunately, that really varies by doctor and location.
Well there goes my chance of having kids. Thanks for the reply.
why would you want a c section?
You do realize that a C-section is still pretty significant surgery, yes? Even if you were under general anesthetic when they cut you open and stitched you back up, you're still going to have all of the healing time.

Not wanting to go through labor is a valid reason not to give birth, and I'm not trying to say that it isn't. But, it's not like having a c-section is just a no big deal alternative.
Natural birth sounds too painful. I always thought I’d have a c section because my idea of one was:

- you would fall asleep by anaesthetic 
- they’d take the baby out and stitch you back up
- you wake up and you’ve got a baby + some pain on your stomach that will last a month or so.
this is a more complicated conversation   
but a c section is in fact invasive surgery AND this post is just odd.
I’ll take the risk of the surgery. I could also buy lots of pain killers I guess.
scarring above the bikini line.  
risk of infection.  
possible future complications.

they can block the pain in a vaginal delivery with an epidural https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epidural_administration#Epidural_analgesia_during_childbirth
wtf
As the previous commenter said, it’s nnot just the surgery you have to contend with—it’s very worth noting that a c-section also often takes much longer to recover from as well. It’s by no means an easy way out of childbirth—just different. In a lot of cases you just get a local anaesthetic (so you are still awake but don’t really feel anything)
You can get medications for vaginal birth. Vaginal and natural birth don’t mean the same thing the maternity/pregnancy circles
[removed]
I have had vaginal births with epidurals and honest the pain wasn't that bad. I don't like pain. Pregnancy sucks! Postpartum sucks! Both have caused me different pains. Currently on my third pregnancy and the prelabor contractions I'm having are more painful then my second delivery contractions. The post contractions from delivery are more painful then delivery. Epidurals are amazing!!! I just wish I could have one through the rest of it.
Not true. Elective C-sections are a thing, and a woman has every right to choose how she wants to give birth. It doesn't impact you.
that is a medical ethics question of which the real world policy that differs by country, hospital and dr

elective c sections without indication should not be a thing. c sections cause complications for mother and child and should only be done when there is a likely benefit for one of them.
&gt; c sections cause complications for mother and child and should only be done when there is a likely benefit for one of them.

Nope. Show me one study that conclusively shows complications for mother and child as a result of a c-section. There is a SMALL increased risk, which is not enough of a concern to remove the ability for the mother to choose how she gives birth. It is not your business if a woman does not want to give birth vaginally.
even if i can produce a page full of published medical opinions and studies on this subject it will do nothing to change your mind.

you risked yourself and your child with your first elective c-section.

the second was medically indicated because you already had one previously.

Summary:
why would you want a c section?
c sections cause complications for mother and child and should only be done when there is a likely benefit for one of them.
You can get medications for vaginal birth.
&gt; c sections cause complications for mother and child and should only be done when there is a likely benefit for one of them.
Natural birth sounds too painful.
