Original Response:
thats where I got into bitcoin at 200-300$ end of 2014. I was watching it go all the way to 1200$ and thought it went way too fast that if it was going back down I would buy it, I did.
Ditto. Went balls deep in 2015. Sold out way too early in 2016. RIP, double digit bitcoin...
During those times, I first came to know about Bitcoin. To me, it was a way to purchase GBL and substances on the dark web, and I never read much about it. I might have moved about 3 Bitcoins around the internet, all purchased at an average price of $500. 

Last year I really got into it, for the tech and for it's political-financial-social vision. Looking at my hot wallet history on Blockchain.info, I really hated myself for not getting into it, for having fear and hesitation because of my ignorance. At the time I had money, and if I had purchased at least 1BTC, I'd be out of my actual financial difficulties...
I bet people talked about the those who bought for over $600 back than like they talk about the those who bought for over $6000 this time.
Sorry brother. Youre not alone on that one.
And the cycle repeats.
I got into bitcoin when it was $8 had few of them ( got as payment and gifts )sold at 30 and screwed up
I'm almost certain I have (more like had, there is no way I can recover it) 10 to 20 BTC attached to a LocalBitcoins account I had around 2012. After that period of time BTC basically was wiped from my vocabulary until late 2016. Ah well, lol
Say hello to future single and fractional digit one. 

HODL STRONK
One day people will say "I wish I had bought at $60,000".
And there will be a day people will say: "I wish I sold at $200,000 and now its $60k... fml I'm so depressed.
Or not.
[Will the circle be unbroken](https://youtu.be/9F1l6xXLSI0)
Stop loss 😉
I made a post at about $220 asking what dumb fucks were buying at that price. 

Guess I was the dumb fuck. 

Although I bought a lot of drugs during that time.
You are incorrect. Human trading psychology never changes.
6k is the new $600
Well you made one good decision then
I wish I had kept those Bitcoins in 2011 in stead of spending them on Silk Road. I would have been soooo fucking rich!
This is why bitcoin will go upuPUP forever
If your idea of money is Federal Reserve Notes, you did well for yourself by doubling/tripling your money.  Unfortunately this belief system you have about money will ultimately punish you.  You didn't sell, you used real money to buy fiat paper.
Actually, I cashed out because I had a personal emergency. Got what I needed so no complaints but I do wish I could have held out.

Oh, and don't tell me what I believe. I have a pretty good lock on that. Thanks.

Summary:
Guess I was the dumb fuck.
I would have been soooo fucking rich!
Although I bought a lot of drugs during that time.
During those times, I first came to know about Bitcoin.
