Original Response:
Didn't see a thread yet and thought somebody else might want to ~~vent~~ discuss it.

Would somebody stop cutting the onions? That double whammy in the end was almost cruel. I do wonder, though, if we'll see Gorrik save Taimi like his brother?
Calling it now: They find Blish's body and put *Taimi* in it at some point. That way, Taimi and Blish will at least be a bit closer to that whole "love story" they had.
Wouldn't Kralky technically have swallowed Blish?
Yeah, but he's so small, I imagine we'll find him among Kralkatorik's remains, or something will make him regurgitate Balthy's sword and Blish.

&amp;#x200B;

Side note, I'm really sad they didn't take the opportunity to give us Baltazar's unlit sword and make us go on a different quest to light it. And give us the skins... I know the BLC has the whole set, but would be a nice teaser and wouldn't really set back their profits.
scratch that...we return to Glint's lair and get BIG SNAFF back.... or potentially find the real Snaff alive in Kralks mind
I just want the floating sentient sword as a mini. The moment it started wandering around on it's own, I fell in love with it.
How can Snaff be alive when we just saw his ghost :P
The mist deals more with echoes of realities than it does the afterlife. That's the revenant's whole shtick.
Still a better love story than Twilight.
Both really. We can't really be sure what "Glint" is in the story missions but the Domain of the Lost clearly showed one cohesive timeline for our soul/spirit. With enough spectral energy even "ghost" Snaff should be able to come back to life but since fractals echo *events* and not *people* that one could be an echo while the "real" Snaff is still within Kralk.

I doubt the story will elaborate on this though, they already have way too many characters floating around without also having to keep track of multiple different echoes/copies/spirits.
&gt;  opportunity to give us Baltazar's unlit sword and make us go on a different quest to light it. And give us the skins... I know the BLC has the wh

Dude same, that moving sword was my travel buddy!

Summary:
And give us the skins...
I just want the floating sentient sword as a mini.
