Original Response:
I don’t post here often but I have been a member, engaged with this community for years now and it’s almost a cliché to mention how much the face of this community has changed since the last election. 

Even in the past few months the internet censorship has began to completely purge whole swarths of information that I once thought I was somehow enlightened by having the chance to learn. The realization of the illusion we live in, what makes it keep revolving, and who are the groups who have historically disenfranchised the poor and weak of the world. 

YouTube has systematically changed, and with the growth of power, coupled with a serious monopolistic hold on the market, we have lost that free speech that we had taken for granted to begin with.

All of this will most likely fall upon blind eyes, but that’s one thing the early days of this sub taught me. You must seek truth in spite of the lies. When the worlds seems at its worst is exactly the time when people need to fight for the common good. Truth will be brought to the light, forever and always. 

With all that being said, I want this post to serve as a jumping-off point for truth. 

What posts/videos/links/theories from this sub keeps you searching everyday for the truth?  

Dig into your saved archives and share anything below! 

Keep searching...
Gloria Steinem was CIA and feminism was used to put a wedge in the family while at the same time drive down wages destroying the union movement with the addition of so many millions of workers.

Feminism is the cause of much of the hardships of our common era. High divorce rates, stagnant wages, single parent statics for grades are very bad, and many other problems associated with broken families.

One man could at one time support a family of ten off of one wage. My grandfather worked for the railroad as a switchman and had enough to send three of his children, the ones who wanted to go, to college. And that's in the 1960's. This is now impossible.

Inflation and usury coupled with the destructive force of feminism have brought our once great nation to its knees.

If you are foolish enough to think women taking on the roles of men is liberation then you are very ignorant of situation. To think women need to be free by evening a wage is to ignore the reality of freedom. Freedom is self sufficiency.
Freedom is self sufficiency.

\^This. Bravo.
Absolutely true. 1st wave feminism was the real deal. I do not want your post to take away from that. Yes they fought to be recognized as equal members of our communities. Right to vote and work if they so choose. The problem is that the next and following waves of feminism were not about equality anymore. Now they see themselves as victims when they no longer are, they are taught from a very young age that they need to be “self sufficient and indépendant” while chasing a career path. The problem is that not a big majority of the youth/young adults are depressed? Why is that? Well, it’s because what they have been told will make them happy goes against all of their instincts as a human woman, which is to care for their family, and nurture children into this world. Moment I became a parent everything changed, and you realize what a powerful unit the family is, the father protecting and providing while the mother nurturing and loving. This unit is indestructible, families stuck together, help each other, share the burden. This is why all these school shooters come from broken homes, the mother is out there working instead of being at home teaching and raising these children they end up lost in the system, with no father at home to discipline they run wild. 

Women and men are equal, but we have different purposes and without one another both a father or a single mother are left trying to fill in the holes of the other missing parent, while working 1 or 2 Jobs.

Edit: just want to add something about parents. The current system also pushes to have less kids, and if you do have a kid it’s usually much later in life. But no one tells you how difficult it is to conceive past 35, in fact most have to spend tens of thousands of dollars to make it happen. Secondly, until you have your own kid, you really have no real understanding of how much your parents sacrificed and what they did for you.
Yes! Thank you for this!
Ugh. Here you are again. Stop trying to make equality of the sexes anything other than that. OH MY GOD. YOU MEAN WOMEN ACTUALLY WANT TO BE TREATED WOTH REPECT AND EQUAL TO MEN? Lmaoooo
You seem quite triggered. You can always block me if you find my masculinity too toxic.
Logic and reason. You don’t have it. That was nothing but an emotion based reply. Exactly what girls are taught from a very young age, use emotion because you’re a victim.
Women weren't treated with respect in the 1800's-1950's?
Damn. That's a bit harsh so it'll probably just be ignored. But somebody had to say it.
Are you serious right now?
Lmfao. Lmfao. Lmfao.
Ummm. Yes.
It's so cute the way a lifetime of rejection leaves the less reproductively fit amongst the fairer sex to spend their lives CAPS LOCK shouting at men on the internet.

&gt; YOU MEAN WOMEN ACTUALLY WANT TO BE TREATED WOTH REPECT 

Respect is earned, honey.  It is not something you can simply demand and receive.  This is but one of many "full retard" false assumptions that modern feminists live under.  You have no right to demand such a thing of anyone.

Your slit earns you nothing:  Deal with it.

You want respect?   Go out and earn it.

Just like men.

&gt; AND EQUAL TO MEN

What the fuck does this even mean?  Figure out how respect works first, then you can start pretending to know the first thing of equality.

Personally, I would love to see more equality between men and women.  Men are killed on the job at rates far greater than women.  Until you ladies are ready to roll up your sleeves and start pumping those numbers maybe just admit that you don't really know *what* you want.

I assure you, little darling, that equality to men ain't it.  

What you want is to be held up on a pedestal, and you're pissed that no one is dumb enough to put up with your shit and play along long enough to do so.
[deleted]

Summary:
&gt; AND EQUAL TO MEN

What the fuck does this even mean?
Personally, I would love to see more equality between men and women.
I do not want your post to take away from that.
&gt; YOU MEAN WOMEN ACTUALLY WANT TO BE TREATED WOTH REPECT 

Respect is earned, honey.
To think women need to be free by evening a wage is to ignore the reality of freedom.
You have no right to demand such a thing of anyone.
Stop trying to make equality of the sexes anything other than that.
Go out and earn it.
