Original Response:
Karlsson &amp; Price in today's era
Ehh talk to some devils fans about Price.
Do devils fans still hate price because of that palmeri incident?
I remember on a favourite player thread some devils fan showed me a clip of the Palmeri incident.
Yep
[deleted]
You actually think Price overly tried to injure palmeri, as apposed to letting out furstrsting and just sending a message? Genuinely curious.
[deleted]
Watch it again, he took one head shot and three more blows to the lower back....what was he trying to do with those lower back shots??? Give him a few bruises??

By your logic, anyone that gets into a roughing scrum must be in it to injure I guess eh?
[deleted]
You gotta be kidding me if you think Price tried to injure him lol. 

I honestly can't even think of one NHL instance where a guy tried to deliberately injure a guy. Even the Todd bertuzzi fiasco was an accident; although it was reckless, I highly doubt he was trying to injure him. 

Same goes for price. If he wanted to injure him, there's so many other things he could have done than throw a few blows to the lower back lmao. I've never seen a guy injured from that before, ever.
[deleted]
You keep saying neck lol. He didn't hit his neck, he hit his head ONCE and then his lower back THREE times. 

Maybe price was just pissed off? Did that ever cross your mind? Same emotion that you'd see in a regular fight when guys are taking shots at each other's faces? You think every time somebody punches another guy in the face, he's trying to injure him? 

Even more extreme than that because I already know you're gonna fire back with "yeah but he was defenseless and couldn't defend himself, so different than a fight blah blah blah", how about open ice hits (ala Stevens on kariya), or guys hitting guys from behind. Do you think all those incidents we're a result of one guy deliberately trying to injure the other guy? Or do you think it was something else like idk, emotion/frustration/anger?
[deleted]
You're insane if you think ANY hockey player ever tries to hurt another guy intentionally. Like I asked you before, can you name me ONE instance where a guy deliberately tried to injure a guy and succeeded? Good luck finding any examples because there simply are none. 

Nobody out there is trying to injure other players. You're delusional as fuck if you think Price was trying to injure palmeri here, and there have been WAAAAY more contraversal/dangerous hits than that example.
[deleted]
&gt; You're insane if you think ANY hockey player ever tries to hurt another guy intentionally

What exactly do you think slimebag scumfuck Todd Bertuzzi was trying to do, give a little friendly show? How about McSorley, was he just trying to give Brashear a pat on the head? Cooke on Savard https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z1vJrIAg-0 not trying to injure a guy? Lemieux crushing Draper's face was purposeful as fuck. 

I've got no dog in your fight, but you're chatting crap right now.
Dude maybe those guys were bad examples, mayyyybe, BUT I still think price was not trying to injure palmeri with some weak ass lower body punches lol. 

Again yeah those guys did some fucked up shit but I wonder how much of it was pure recklessness rather than "I am going to break your arm! I will break your knee, that is my goal!". I really to doubt they think that way when doing shit like that
I gotta push a hard disagree. I can accept that rotten-soul Bertuzzi didn't straight up intend to just end a career, but he was going in there to hurt and injure. Same with Matt Cooke, you don't do a hit like that on an unsuspecting target from behind that hard into the head while he's not even really in the play if you're not trying to put him down. Maybe not end his career, but you're trying to injure him. 

I'm sure the thought process isn't "Let me just break your skull now!" but I'm absolutely sure that they know full well what they're doing in my examples. Obviously there's a lot of stuff where guys do shit in a moment of blind rage or just throw an elbow with the idea of making a harder hit and accidentally hitting a guy in the head etc. but if you choose to do a hit like Cooke did or what McSorley did or what Bercuntzi did then you've already chosen to injure a guy.
Ok fine yeah those guys maybe for sure fit the bill. The average joe situations though like the Carey Price/palmeri, I think is just basic ass rage shit.
Fair enough, don't really have an opinion on the Price/Palmieri thing, just wanted to point that out
Yeah that's fair dawg
Good chat mate you're a right and proper Canadian lad aren't you?
Canadian is my blood brother. How are the Rockies down there?
There's something really Canadian about the way you type, really pleasant to read.

Same old same old really, got one of the most exciting hockey players on the globe and all anyone cares about is the mediocre football team.
Haha canadian education man. All credit goes to the Canadian scholar institutions for raising my vocab up a certain way. 

And nice man I gotta get down one of these winters. Ontario is nice but there's no mountains here

Summary:
Nobody out there is trying to injure other players.
Maybe not end his career, but you're trying to injure him.
You gotta be kidding me if you think Price tried to injure him lol.
I really to doubt they think that way when doing shit like that.
You're insane if you think ANY hockey player ever tries to hurt another guy intentionally.
Cooke on Savard https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Z1vJrIAg-0 not trying to injure a guy?
