Original Response:
I'm confused.  

The implication here is that Russian operatives are getting their links approved and upvoted on T_D, and that the admins are covering it up.  So the Admins are compromised by Russia and are pro-Trump.  Got it.

These are the same admins that allow hundreds of "against hate" subreddits to continue to exist and spam the frontpage with anti-Trump articles on a daily basis.  ShareBlue is allowed to manipulate posts through their PAC.  The politics subreddit is astroturfed to hell and back, for liberal posts.

So which is it?  Are the admins complicit in promoting pro-Trump messages, or are they anti-Trump?  Is it bad to have Russian propaganda upvoted, but ok when it's American propaganda?

Can somebody help?
They don't care about details. They will link any tiny website that copy and pastes right wing articles from Russian domains to garner ad revenue to Putin directly. Its absurd, they only care about making Trump and Trump supporters look bad as demonstrated by this blatantly brigaded comment section.

The admin deal is manufactured uproar to blow up this silly and inconsequential post trying to make r/t_d look like they are all russian bots when in reality these websites are tiny and only get like 100 upvotes but apparently its a massive conspiracy.
Reddit admins only care about money, it's not injecting an idea or a political stance, they are still 100 percent wrong here...
[removed]
You think that if the admins had a political view they'd express it by simply banning everyone that had a contrary political view and/or making sure that said view was the dominant political view on Reddit? That's ummm... certainly a simple perspective. Do you think it's possible that the admins are aware of how simply every subreddit they didn't agree with would look and instead use tactics that don't sound like they were formulated by a three year old? 

Honestly though, saying that the admins can't be pro Trump because they allow anti Trump stuff is just as retarded as saying that the admins can't be anti Trump because they allow pro Trump stuff. Basically, it's extremely retarded.
These people can't be helped. Fucking morons all around with this one. Both sides.
I don’t really know which is funnier.

Your tactic of insulting people  to do he point  you had to use retard twice.

Or the fact that your “got’em” seems to be the poster found a site called “usareally.com” and it turned out to be Russian

You have this giant conspiracy about admins and whatnot, but believe some random guy found the entire Russian conspiracy because the Russians couldn’t cover their tracks 2 steps in.

“Simple perspective” HAH
More money to be gained playing both sides.
&gt;So which is it?  Are the admins complicit in promoting pro-Trump messages, or are they anti-Trump?

The admins want as much traffic on reddit as possible.  They don't care what you political alignment is.
2x in the same sentence
I'll say this.  I've looked at the evidence because a read of the headline makes you go 'oh boy have I been duped!?' 

Then you look at all the posts they use for evidence with 20 to 30 upvotes and only a handful that seem to have had made any traction.

I subscribe to r/thesefuckingaccounts and all the other spam catchers. Almost every subreddit at some point is visted by bot farms or up vote rings. 

If I had to bet on the admins being smarter than everyone is giving them credit for the reason this is really no big deal to them is every subreddit could be at some point we considered under the influence of bot groups if we use this amount of evidence as a standard of proof. 

Don't forget their big claim at the end of their post was akin to 'thousands of posts over a few years.' That almost narrows down to a post or two per day.
They Arent working for Russia. They are trying to cover up their fuck up
It was just that retarded. Your comment on the other hand isn't retarded, it's an outright lie. Here's why.   

Besides addressing the insults, your comment doesn't actually respond to anything I said, just stuff you erroneously implied I said. For example I never said this was the "entire" Russian conspiracy, I presume you just implied I did because you were incapable of debunking the post without making a strawman out of it? 

In fact, I never mentioned whether I thought the original post was good evidence of anything. Is there a reason you feel the need to resort to responding to things that aren't in the comments you reply to in order to attack them? At least my comments actually address the irredeemable aspects of other's comments. You have to lie about what people said in order to make your point.
Nothing you said is wrong, but damn you don't have to be such an asshole about it.
Ok I’ll try and keep this simple( did you see what I did there?) before you rupture another blood vessel.

The entire point of this thread is about the Russian conspiracy/bots and how it affected the election.  That’s why the op mentioned the part of the admins are covering it up didn’t make sense because of the constant hate/anti-trump/whatever that reaches the front page on a daily basis.  Why go through such lengths for no apparent reason.

And you come in rambling about god knows what, talking about it’s “retarded” to even think for a moment  the admins aren’t anti-rump because it would be obvious? Just like how it’s not obvious that Reddit is pro trump?

I have no clue.

So you were either blindly defending this without reading,  or seriously misunderstood what he was talking about.

Anyways I was actually talking about the posts actually point.  Point number one infact.   That some site used tdonalds terminology and linked it to Russia in 2 steps.  The fact that these Russian post get to the top of tdonald only shows how gullible they are.  The fact admins have to clean it up for them is hilarious.

Carry on brother.
Do you really think the only reason the front page is full anti-Trump stuff is bc of Shareblue, not because Trump does awful horrendous shit and is shady as fuck?
I reach the same conclusion. If admins were doing Russia's bidding they'd have the FBI kick their doors in.
Honestly, this is the most likely case. Much more likely than Reddit admins being in bed with Russia.

Summary:
Much more likely than Reddit admins being in bed with Russia.
They are trying to cover up their fuck up.
You have to lie about what people said in order to make your point.
So the Admins are compromised by Russia and are pro-Trump.
They don't care what you political alignment is.
The fact admins have to clean it up for them is hilarious.
It was just that retarded.
