Original Response:
[Casual] Hello! I only need a few more pokemon to finish off my gen 7 living dex in pokemon moon. What I need are: 

* Volcanion
* Morelull (or its Evolution)
* Solgaleo
* Marshadow

In return, I can breed you anything that you might need (casual only, can't do competitive spreads yet.) 

In addition if anyone has these other event pokemon I'd be extremely grateful: 

* Genesect
* Phione
* Manaphy

Hope we can help each other out! Thanks.

EDIT: I can't trade right away since I'm going to hang out with friends, but once I get back in a few hours I'll be able to trade.
Oh hey, it’s you again. Told your post was in danger of getting deleted, haha.

Anyway, I still have that solgaleo. I also have a phione I bred myself. I can’t trade the manaphy it came from though. I might also get you a morelull - but I have to breed it quick 

Edit: Phione isn’t really an event Pokémon since you can breed them. Volcanion and Marshadow are event mythics. Also pretty sure you don’t need volcanion for a living alola dex
Haha hey! Yeah it got deleted lol. Sounds good, I'm headed out right now but will be back in a few hours to trade. If you have the phione, solgaleo and morelull that'd be perfect! That'd just about complete my dex. I'll message you on here when I'm ready to trade.
Haha hey! Yeah it got deleted lol. Sounds good, I'm headed out right now but will be back in a few hours to trade. If you have the phione, solgaleo and morelull that'd be perfect! That'd just about complete my dex. I'll message you on here when I'm ready to trade.
Sounds good!
It appears the servers for the gen 7 games are under maintenance until 8pm PST. We wouldn’t be able to trade until then.
Ah dang really? Well I'll be able to then I guess, just barely before I have to go to bed.
I have you added, and I'll hop on to trade right at the hour
What do you have for trade btw? Do you have masterballs, rare candies, or gold bottle caps? If not I’ll take apricorn balls
I actually don't think I have any of those to trade, I'm really sorry. I have to get to bed soon so I can't get any of them right now. I do have a shaymin though, and it is legitimate.
From yesterday? You should post ot, id, and whether you claimed it yourself, just in case haha
Yeah, same one. Once I get into the trade I can post it. I really need to trade soon though, I'm supposed to be getting to bed soon....
Do you want the shaymin?
Sure
Alright I'll send it next one
Thanks a bunch man!!
Alright, enjoy, and have a good night!

Seriously though, you’ll want to update with the details about this Shaymin ASAP tomorrow.
No problem!
Gotcha. And sorry I couldn't get you those items you requested :(
Oh no worries
Hi, where did you get this Shaymin? Please list all of the details on it. Thank you
It was a wifi event pokemon I got a couple years ago through game stop. I traded it recently though, I'm sorry but I don't have any more details.
Did you get it yourself, or through someone else?
Myself
Please make sure to have that information listed when offering Pokémon next time. Thank you.
Will do. I got it long enough ago and didn't really care to record the details of the event that I got it. Shouldn't happen in the future

Summary:
I'll message you on here when I'm ready to trade.
I have to get to bed soon so I can't get any of them right now.
Sounds good, I'm headed out right now but will be back in a few hours to trade.
I do have a shaymin though, and it is legitimate.
I have you added, and I'll hop on to trade right at the hour.
Once I get into the trade I can post it.
