Original Response:
So Yoel vs Gus is dead already?
&gt;  bout is far from official, but White said he'd like that matchup to close out the 2018 calendar year.

Maybe, maybe not?
hopefully, not that its is not a fun fight but i dont want anything to mess up the Jones/Gus rematch
I’d love to see Yoel piece up Bobby Knuckles again
Whittaker won twice, once on one leg, and once with one hand. I’d much rather see Rockhold, Weidman or Gastelum try their hands to see if they match up better.
Gastelum is getting the next shot
if it can't happen at 230 then the ufc doesn't want the fight. putting jon in there for gus vs jon 2 is the perfect fight for jon to come back on. i'll get downvoted for saying this, but DC sould be stripped if those 2 make it to the ring with no issues. he has no planto defend and it's quite obvious. he says he's retiring after lesnar so obviously he isn't gonna defend vs gus unless he somehow beats jon and there is 0 chance dc faces jon at 205 again. he already knows jon has him and if he wants to beat him it has to be at heavyweight.
[deleted]
&gt; Rockhold

&gt; Hands 

.
Dc says he wants to defend it. I don’t believe him but I think he should be given the benefit of the doubt as the p4p #1 guy in the world.
I mean how many times does he need to lose to him before the division moves on?
What some reporters rank you at on the p4p list has absolutely nothing to do with the integrity of your word.    

He's not defending the 205 belt, he'll fight Brock, cash in and bow out.
I’m saying that, because he’s the arguable best fighter in the world, he should get the leeway to call his shots a little bit. He already defended the belt this year and says he wants to defend it before fighting Brock. We can all think he’s lying as much as we want but I still think that he should be given the benefit of the doubt. He’s legit inured right now too so it’s not like he could’ve defended at some point and just didn’t.
[deleted]
&gt;Whittaker won twice

23 out of 28 MMA journalists disagree with you

http://www.mmadecisions.com/decision/9134/Robert-Whittaker-vs-Yoel-Romero

Edit: But this sub is so ridiculously biased they downvote the facts, even though this is the most common metric of judging fights in here.
Well after he recovers from the injury there won't be enough tike for him to fit a camp, drop to 205, fight, then get back to HW, do a camp for Lesnar and fight Lesnar, all before turning 40 (when he retires).    

Something literally doesn't add up and all the benefit of the doubt in the world won't change basic logic.
The judges agree which is all that counts at the end of the day whether people like it or not.
2 out 3 UFC judges disagree with them and that's all that matters.
Can’t bring down DCs achievements down to Jones’.  Jones is a multiple offender and should be grateful is back in the game at all.
It's 2-0, Romero will never be the champion.
He wants Lesnar to defend HW and then Jones to finish hi career. He will defend them both
Maybe, but we dont know that until it happens and it's only been 9 months since his last LHW title defence, people have kept their belts for longer. Let Jones and Gus fight for interim.
[removed]
I'm all for the interim, don't get me wrong. But believing that DC is coming back to the division is just wishful thinking.
It may be, but I think theres no harm in waiting too.
Wow there is serious salt in this comment lmao. Him posting the media scores has you big mad?
Yeah.... no.... people are going to bring up the media scores everytime this fight is talked about. The judges scores are the most important thing, but as far as talking about this fight in Whitaker’s legacy they aren’t all that matter. People still talk about how the South Korean robbed Roy jones and that was how many decades ago?
I guess until it doesn’t look like a robbery
~~you don't need to move the goalposts because you're wrong.  You can just admit it like normal people.  Whittaker won twice.  end of story.  Your new criteria is irrelevant to your original argument.  When you can admit your were wrong and prove you're worth discussing topics with then I'll engage in the next one.~~

edit - just realized you're someone different interjecting aimless bullshit to distract from the debate.
Looks like more people disagree with the media on this one then.
Why are you counting the people who saw it as a draw in your argument? If anything it only provides proof that your viewpoint isn't solidified. 

Also Yoel didnt make weight. That fight was an exhibition. That changes everything for Whittaker who doesnt have his title on the line....and he still won.

Give it up.
The first fight isnt even close to a robbery, and the second one is debatable but your boy didnt even make weight and then still lost. Just give it up.
[removed]
He’ll fight Jones again at hw. No way I see him making the cut again to go back down to lhw.
The thing about the whole Romero v Whittaker thing is that Romero is for suuuure juicy... Ya just know it. So he lost twice and I don't mind the fact they were close - he juicy.
The first one was a clear decision, the second one is a draw in my opinion.  
Yoel failed ot make weight, and failed to win two fights, both in which he severely injured Robert early in the first round. I don't see what else needs to be proven, Yoel simply cannot seal the deal no matter what.
I mean it's only fair to not expect DC to gimp himself in later negotiations. If he says absolutely he's not going to defend, he loses a ton of bargaining tools.
I will concede that
I mean, he did legitimately lose the first fight.
He got pieced up once, and got outlasted the 2nd time. While he was juicy.
You want to argue integrity, you'd probably better not be doing it about a Jon Jones fight. Who's to say Jones even fights clean this time around, or at least fights smart enough to pass a drug test? I don't think the UFC should gamble on Jones with a belt unless it's fighting DC or it's been a very long time without a fight being scheduled for DC. And I mean a VERY long time. Give Jones Gus, then give him someone else and put a belt on that assuming he pees clean in the Gus fight. Then you can go ahead and strip DC.
Neither Rockhold or Weidman deserve a title shot.
Perhaps, but they deserve it more than the guy who lost to the champ twice
Giving him leeway to call shots and believing that he'll go to 205 again are wholly unrelated
I'm not even talking about a Jon Jones fight, where are you getting that from?  
I am talking about the integrity of someone's *word*. As in how *truthful* they are being (like for example, whether DC means it when he says he plans of defending the LHW belt).    

You've taken a single word from my post and gone on an unrelated rant.
[removed]
&gt;but I think he should be given the benefit of the doubt as the p4p #1 guy in the world.

You know "P4P" rankings mean nothing, right?  

It's like arguing over which color is best.
Yeah this has Been my feelings since he said he was retiring soon. They’re just not enough time, unless he starches lesnar in the first minute and doesn’t hurt himself at all, then takes the fight like immediately
You saying anything that slightly takes away from the /r/mma idolization of DC basically is you supporting Jon jones in their eyes. Your points are valid
Lol Bro he wasn’t talking about Jon jones jfc
Yoel won the second fight at worst it was a draw but there’s no point in complaining what’s done is done and as a giant Yoel nuthugger I believe he’ll make his way back to a title shot whether it’s at middleweight or light heavyweight.
Agreed. Hope we get DC or even Bones fight before he retires.
Reddit is full of babies, we know that
Whittaker has ascended to DC status on this sub 

Any sort of slightly negative comment will be met with a brigade of downvotes
Hopefully. That bout makes no sense.
Blue is the best color. PVP
Fuck them ever since Whittaker started talking shit on his lil podcast that muh yoel rehydrating on steroids or some shit


They can all convice themselves that Whittaker has won, but we all know who got his ass slapped in that fight
How did you score that fight?
48-47 for Robert and have it as imo best fight of 2018.
K
For sure. I think the main reason Yoel gets so much hate here, outside of jealousy, is their favorite fighter got a beatdown from him (Rockhold, Whittaker) or ducked him (Bisping). It would be funnier if it weren't so pathetic.

Summary:
Dc says he wants to defend it.
He will defend them both.
I'm not even talking about a Jon Jones fight, where are you getting that from?
He’ll fight Jones again at hw.
I mean, he did legitimately lose the first fight.
Hope we get DC or even Bones fight before he retires.
I am talking about the integrity of someone's *word*.
Let Jones and Gus fight for interim.
That fight was an exhibition.
How did you score that fight?
Looks like more people disagree with the media on this one then.
