Original Response:
So Wednesday the top insulator on my Lit  decided to split causing the RDA to short. I contacted Vandy Vape about how I could purchase a new insulator or insulator kit. Now it's Saturday and... Nothing. Not even crickets. So I say fuck it. I ordered a Profile to replace it and decided I just won't buy anything else from VV. This comes after I already had issues with one of the clamps snapping in two on my VV Mesh RDA.
Please update us on how the Profile is! It looks like it would be fantastic since it's mesh, the juice goes into the center of the cotton, and there is a spring mechanism to ensure the cotton is always in contact with the mesh. But... I've seen ideas that look great on paper not turn out to be great when used. I'm very interested in the Profile though!
Honestly, I've seen nothing but raving reviews for it. It was sold out in almost every place I looked too. But I managed to find it at Ecig-City for $24 in gunmetal.
I just opened up my box and slapped it together, two hours ago.

The flavor is actually good. I've heard people say mesh RDAs have poor flavor, but Wotofo must have done something different with their airflow.. Maybe it has something to do with the specific curve you put the mesh sheet into (with the supplied tool.)

The cotton is going to take a serious pair of scissors to cut through. It literally broke my fucking scissors. The screw popped out of the plastic rivet in the center and it fell into pieces. (Haircutting scissors..)

-

I really like it. The provided mesh works on direct 4.2v and it has a non-squonk pin. (I'm using it in non-squonk because I don't yet own a squonker. My friend has a Recurve and he's using it as MTL with a Vapefly RDTA squonk tank and it's really comfortable in the hand.. but a bit on the heavy side.)
Find a surplus store and get yourself some stainless scissors that were meant for medical use, fuckin things go through wire even
[removed]
Do you have a VV mod or a VW mod? I'm curious as to the power the mesh will need to fire well. Dual battery squonkers are pretty large. Single battery Squonks are fine, but i I need 60-75 watts to fire the mesh well then the battery life is going to be awful.
What wattage do you run it at?
Haven't recieved it yet.
Oh, shit.. That's a damn fine idea. 

Thank you.
OK, I took it to work and vaped on it.

4.2v, which is how much a regular vaping battery produces, is a bit too powerful, IMO. It works, but you have to drip every four hits or you get singed cotton. I think the Profile would be a lot better on a squonker. (I was using it on a direct voltage pen at work.)

On a VW mod, I like it at about 60. The mesh ohms out at ~0.15, so on a mech or 4.2v direct output device, it's running way over the recommended of 60.

I tried it at 45 and the flavor was muted and it didn't seem to be a full, dense mesh hit.
http://www.fcsurplus.ca/shopping/products/1718-operating-scissors/

For reference. Fuck me running there's so many little items from that place that I know I don't need but I'll be damned if my brain doesn't want em.
Oh, hell.. that stuff is priced lower than most shitty scissors.

Thanks, I'll be ordering a box of this stuff.

Summary:
So I say fuck it.
(I'm using it in non-squonk because I don't yet own a squonker.
(Haircutting scissors..)

-

I really like it.
(I was using it on a direct voltage pen at work.)
