Original Response:
This video is weird to me on so many levels.  Sucks to be this guys son as they probably both will be charged criminally.  It's still great research as you learn alot about the way the town was evacuated.  It appears they left Chernobyl like.  They left immediately. Whatever the people there were doing it immediately stopped and they left.
He said a cop come and talked to them and then left. They’re not getting any trouble from them, but the feds may see it differently.
Yeah I agree on all counts.  

The abandoned cars got me .. the one at front gate looked like the door was even open.  

and the x-file full disclosure dvd on top of the trash in the lab .. inside the locked front door of the lab? wtf ?!  
  
I hope this new 'Sunspot' series gets past it's pilot episode
[deleted]
Well done :)
where was he when they were going in? Just a car and then they caught on footage 5 mins later.
If it were “Chernobyl” like, they wouldn’t of came back and taken everything out of the buildings and houses.......they would have left everything as is. It’s clearly not some sort of health issue.....if it were, it would be manned and no one would be allowed to enter, nor would anyone be allowed to take any of their belongings (they’d be contaminated). I honestly am really thinking they just wanted to close the place down, and this was the fastest, most efficient way. If funding was cut, they’d have to pull everyone immediately. Which explains why the post office shut as well, with no residents to serve anymore, speaking of residents; it appears they were not actually home owners, but the homes and buildings all belong to the observatory. The residents were most likely just staying on site because they were employees, scientists fir the observatory, or researchers, again, if funding were suddenly cut they’d have to leave immediately because it’s federal land. It’s not looking like anything nefarious, or else this guy would have not made it past the yellow tape.
way to ruin the fun, man
For real? when they went in there was nobody in or around the vehicle at the front gate.

&amp;#x200B;
[removed]
It’s a corruption of “could’ve”.  Some parts of the country the speech patterns makes “could’ve” sound like “could of” and thus people write it like that with would, wouldn’t, or couldn’t
You must be new to the Internet. I see should of, would of, could of roughly 100x a day. 👀
[removed]
Sounds like they nearly gutted the place too.. quickly. I doubt this is related to anything in space, but just so bizarre. It would seem like something along the lines of a contamination threat, but then the area would be quarantined. Funny, the vibe there reminds me of Close Encounters of The 3rd Kind, how they were clearing the area around Devil's Tower by telling everyone there was some kind of pathogen or air-born disease or somesuch. 

Wish we knew what was really going on!
Rule 1 warning, please don't use slurs of that nature.
He was walking around the place like the other guy.
we did it reddit
They had to send the FBI in a blackhawk to shut it down rather than emailing the staff there and telling them to close up shop? If it's a lack of funding, they're spending a hell of a lot of money just to tell everyone "go home". Also, why would the FBI not tell the local sheriff? It would be much easier to say "the place lost funding and we closed it" than not give answers and have people speculating. Those explanations make absolutely zero sense and are not plausible at all.
Is there a concrete source for the Blackhawk thing? Haven’t seen it in any articles
The sheriff was quoted as saying the FBI showed up in a Blackhawk.
Where?
'House said there were a lot of unanswered questions over Sunspot’s closure.
“But for the FBI to get involved that quick and be so secretive about it, there was a lot of stuff going on up there,” House told the newspaper. “There was a Blackhawk helicopter, a bunch of people around antennas and work crews on towers but nobody would tell us anything.”'

I have seen this exact quote in every single article I've read on the topic. Google new Mexico observatory blackhawk and click on literally any link. Fox news, RT, Daily Express, Vice, the independent, popular mechanics. If you dont trust a source or country, pick a different one because they all say the same thing.
Thank you!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do you look into anything yourself?
Don’t be a cock
Its just that the black hawk report is why theres so much news. It's in every article. I can't imagine being interested in the headline and not at least reading a single article or something anything for your own use rather than expect the comments to spell everything out for you. 

Again it's only because the black hawk detail is noted everywhere. It's like asking for a source on the observatory being closed haha

Summary:
where was he when they were going in?
It appears they left Chernobyl like.
It's like asking for a source on the observatory being closed haha.
He was walking around the place like the other guy.
If funding was cut, they’d have to pull everyone immediately.
The sheriff was quoted as saying the FBI showed up in a Blackhawk.
Also, why would the FBI not tell the local sheriff?
