Original Response:
[removed]
How do you know the accounts of the assassination of Julius Caesar weren’t made up to justify the creation of the Roman Empire and the downfall of the Republic?
Because historians of the time, people involved, etc. wrote about it when it actually happened.  We don't have that with the Bible.  Most of the authors are anonymous and most of it was written at least decades after the event with no contemporary historians mentioning the events.
But how do you know that those historians aren’t made up?

There is mention of Jesus by contemporary historians. You need to remember as well that he was just someone one the outskirts of the Roman Empire who was executed. There’s no reason why this would have been a big deal and been overly reported.
Plutarch and Seutonis are also just about the only sources we have for Caesar's assassination. It's to the point that Shakespeare is considered more or less historically accurate, because the only changes he made from Plutarch's Lives tended to be compressing the timeline.
We still have lots of backing evidence.  The leadership obviously changed.  Coinage changed.  Other people rose to power.  Caesar was no longer written about as leading armies or referred to in records.
I don't really care whether Caesar was betrayed and stabbed to death by the Senate or not.  He obviously went out of power because coinage changed and other people became leaders.  There is tons of backing evidence through historical objects and records that Caesar existed, ruled, and lost that rule.
How do you know he even existed? The coins could be later fabrications to support the claim that he was real. What is all this evidence you quote? How can you trust it? It could all have been fabricated.

Does this all sound ridiculous to you? Well that’s how you sound to me when you argue that Christianity is just a fabrication.
My point was that we have much better evidence for Caesar.
What evidence? Why do you believe it? Isn’t it more believable that there was no Caesar or that he was just another Consul?

Furthermore, what scientific evidence do you have that he existed? I believe in science and the scientific method, you see, so if you can’t prove it with science it can’t be true.
There are several different systems historians use to figure out how trustworthy different sources are.  The Gospels don't do well in these systems, which is why "Bible scholars" are a separate field from historians.
What are these systems?

Summary:
What is all this evidence you quote?
Furthermore, what scientific evidence do you have that he existed?
There is mention of Jesus by contemporary historians.
