Original Response:
[removed]
I just want people to sit next to on class, eat lunch with, and hang out with on weekends/some week days. That’s all I need.
Are there some groups or clubs you can join on campus that are focussed on activities you enjoy or interests of yours? Something that you have some knowledge of so you can practice holding your own in conversations. 
Judging by the nature of M's comments about you it seems like you're just hovering around the edges of the group without interacting, which does tend to make people uncomfortable. You shouldn't be holding back 90% of the time for fear of coming off weird. It's counterproductive as you're discovering, you just come across weird for a different reason. But more importantly you and any potential friends won't recognise each other if you're censoring yourself to that degree. You need to be yourself so the people you don't click with can self select out and you can click with those more compatible. And clubs filled with people with similar interests would be the place to start looking for them.

It sounds like you have a serious problem reading social cues if this issue with your friend group has come out of nowhere for you (cos it certainly hasn't for them). You should look into the mental health facilities on campus because if you have a diagnosable problem like high-functioning autism then there's a treatment plan out there that can make all of this easier for you. 

You need to cut these people loose though. The girls at least. Speak to the guy who hasn't blocked you and if he's amenable you can stay friendly with him (or start being friendly i.e. talk to him), chat to whoever you sit next to in class but don't hang out with them outside class unless you're explicitly invited to do so.
Any problems they could possibly have with me could be fixed instantaneously. They just need to tell me what they are.
any problems they have with me could be fixed instantaneously. They just need to tell me what they are.
And this just makes you creepier.

So you are just some empty shell, that you will change on a whim to please others?  No one wants to be friends with someone like that.  You need a massive amount of therapy OP.

Give it up!  You will never be friends with these women.  

&amp;#x200B;
The gender is irrelevant.

I’ve never been myself around *anyone* so it’s not like I’m going to be acting fake, if anything I would be acting more real.
Why are your panties in such a twist every time I refer to women you stalk....as women?  I mean...they are, all except one gay guy?  You get away with staking a group of women cuz women are socialized to be non confrontational.  Why don't you approach the men in your class? 

&gt; I’ve never been myself around *anyone*  

What part of "no one wants to be friends with an empty shell" do you not understand?  You don't have anything to give to a friendship if you can't even be a person.  Friendships involve contributions from both parties.  You give nothing.  That's why you don't have friendships.  

Why do you refuse to accept that therapy may help?  Nowhere do you address the multiple people who have suggested it.  Instead you continue to assert that you will stalk these women against their will.  That isn't healthy.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
They find your behaviour creepy. It's not just language they're using to cover up some other problem that they have with you. They're pushing you away because they find your behaviour creepy. 

You can't impose your own standard of creepy and unilaterally decide that they're wrong. You can disagree of course but you need to follow that up by looking for people who share your concept of creepiness and therefore won't be creeped out by your behaviour. You don't get to demand that these women stop being creeped out and/or justify their feelings to you before you deign to take them seriously. Friendship is purely voluntary, not something people have to justify oping out of.

If you are continuing to impose yourself on them after they've blocked you on social media then you are definitely verging on stalking territory. And that's without knowing what other signals, implicit or explicit, they've given you to leave them alone. And the single male in the group doesn't change the fact that it's a group of women. There's a reason you're not doing this to a group of men and it's because you're exploiting the womens reluctance to confront you directly while ignoring their nonetheless very clear signals. Which is creepy by most people's standards. You should accept that and act accordingly now before you're forced to by the college in response to a complaint about you.
You don't know that. The problem isn't something trivial like you talk too much during movies. When someone describes you as creepy (and you haven't done something specific like stand outside their window at night watching them sleep) then they're describing the sense of discomfort and unease that you produce in them. That's generally caused by a combination of factors that people often can't articulate well. It's just a vibe. But that doesn't make it any less valid or less of an issue. The worst thing you can do when someone describes you as creepy is try to make them explain and justify it and insist that if they would just name the specific issue it could be resolved. You'd actually just be making it even clearer that the issue can't be resolved.

They're not going to be able to give you a checklist of things that would make you acceptable if changed. Nor would they anyway because that's not how people approach friendships.

Besides which you know what the problem is. You're a fully formed person but you go into social interactions like you're a cardboard cutout of a person too scared to contribute anything in case people find it off putting. Even if they continued to tolerate it what good does that do you? Don't you want meaningful connections with people who know and accept all 100% of you rather than just the 10% you deem acceptable for public consumption?
Why are you saying “women” that has nothing to do with it. I have not once thought to myself “oh I can exploit their reluctance to confront me”, because that’s ridiculous. MEN WOULD CONFRONT OTHERS IN EQUAL NUMBERS TO WOMEN.

Nonetheless it’s already been determined that any reason they have for calling me creepy is because I don’t talk enough. Period. This is because they haven’t asked me anything about myself, because they aren’t good at being friends, but it’s okay, I forgive them.
Literally anything they could name could be solved instantaneously. And how is that not how people approach friendships? If someone seems like their in a funk, normal functioning people would talk to them about it and help them improve.

I’m not too scared to contribute, I’m  consciously choosing not to take any risks. I want to be friends with literally everyone, but the more details you add to your persona, the more dealbreakers you have with different kinds of people. So I’ve essentially just not made any details about myself (besides general kindness which nobody would be turned off from), yeah this gives me zero positives, but there are also never any dealbreakers.

Summary:
You will never be friends with these women.
That's why you don't have friendships.
And how is that not how people approach friendships?
You don't have anything to give to a friendship if you can't even be a person.
Why don't you approach the men in your class?
No one wants to be friends with someone like that.
They find your behaviour creepy.
Besides which you know what the problem is.
