Original Response:
The look on her face, she must have been so uncomfortable.
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
oof swing and a miss.
Careful not to cut yourself on that edge
Le cool edgy dude. Don't cut yourself on that edge
She should have taken the Mel B route
Kind of in poor taste to bring up a tragedy as a reason why this isn't so bad, bud.

I get what you're saying though. The look on her face to me is less vulnerable and more "are you guys fucking seeing this? Holy shit this guy just rekt himself." 

To clarify: I don't think there's any justification for this sort of blatant sexual harassment, but I believe that Ariana Grande can handle herself and is fully capable of destroying this idiot for his extremely poor choices.
It was a good try man, I upvoted for what it’s worth. Ya gotta risk it for the biscuit.
It just screams "Are you fucking seeing this?"
yikes
You ok?
I like to think that, if I was a women in her position, on tv, I would have slapped him. Only to ruin my career 😑
I feel like this would be funny if it was worded more betterer.
I mean it would have been great if she had, but can't really blame her for not doing it. It's a really uncomfortable situation to be in, and that makes it difficult to react properly.
😬
Word to the bird man. I was on some high shit when I said it, but ima stand by it.
[removed]
I don't think anybody is gonna stop buying Grande albums on account of some bitchass bishop.

It's not like he's a Hollywood agent or a music producer.
[removed]
Almost as uncomfortable as the guy in the original Mr. Hands video.
Own that shit! I lol'd
[removed]
[removed]
She did the right thing tbh. Keeping it lowkey at such an important funeral, but showing her disgust openly in expressions like this one. This pastor is real shitty.
Tbh, Aretha probably would have wanted her to.
It was disrespectful to Ariana and to Aretha, at the woman's funeral ffs. The fact that he was so brazen makes me think this is something he does regularly. What an asshole. R-E-S-P-E-C-T for christsake
&gt;She had enough class to ignore it

I think we're at a point in society where ignoring this bullshit is no longer "classy". Fuck that guy.
She was a Disney child actor.  A lot worse has happened to her via Disney executives and producers.
Unfortunately he probably would have connections in the industry considering whose funeral it was
I'm with you. If someone's getting grabby the last thing you should do is just ignore it.
... was he unaware this was being televised? ... do his hands just have minds of their own (a defense I would love to see him try)?
Thank you! Women put up with this shit every day and 'don't make a scene, dear' but this is sexual assault and people need to recognise that... It is NOT just over friendliness and it is NOT acceptable.
It is when you don't want to disrupt the funeral of an American icon. A lack of class would have been to make a big deal out of it at the moment. He's getting his just desserts now without a big blowout at the funeral.
It’s better than her purposefully trying to make a *funeral* all about this. Even though that’s what happened anyway
Oh no. You have brought up bad memories
Meh, it would have given her a lot of positive publicity I think tbh, the record label isn't gonna give up that kind of money over a bishop
Jimmy savile https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=CEZH2rmk11c
Oh come on now, stop horsing around. It wasn't THAT uncomfortable.
[removed]
[deleted]
R E S P E C T

Get your hands off of these
I'm on both sides here. It's a funeral and funerals are not a place for out burts. But she could have stepped away or moved his hand and brought it up later when it was a more appropriate time.

This situation would be a lot easier to deal with if people had the common sense not to fucking grope people without permission. Fucking "man of God" my ass


Edit: literally just saw a video where she was trying to pull away from him and he just kept pulling her closer. That poor fucking woman. Now I wish she did just smack him right there. https://youtu.be/kJITX3V8cYU
She should sue him for all the fucking money he has... which would probably be none if all the funds are held in a church account. She should def press charges tho
Agreed, there are different ways of approaching it, she could've just moved his hand; I don't think that's going to "detract from the funeral". You're pretty much enabling people like him to do this during important events because they know the victim won't do anything.
Regardless, she didn't want to cause a scene at Aretha's funeral. I consider *that* classy.

I get the feeling Aretha Franklin wouldn't have minded, though.
[removed]
[removed]
Sinéad O'Connor being the exception
She has never been on Disney she was on nickelodeon
She wouldn't be the one to disrupt the funeral. He is.
As sad as it is to say I don’t think she was getting out of this without a scene. I watched the video and he is really gripping her tight. In order to pull away she would have had to remove his hand first or spin around in a circle. This guy has done this before.
Chris brown still selling cd's. I have a feeling youll be alright.
Um, women speaking up to people sexually assaulting them isn’t “unclassy.” I sincerely hope that you misspoke rather than carry an opinion as ignorant and misogynistic as that.
She’s not out here to prove how classy she is.
If someone gropes you at my funeral, feel free to make a scene.
Why the long face?
It would still be his fault if a scene was made.
Thats not for you to decide. She isnt going to get fucking ptsd from a little side boob poke. 

The hassle of reacting may just not be worth it on a personal level. 

Worked out anyway,  world knows hes scum.
Now that I've seen the video I 100% agree. These pictures were the only thing I had seen, then literally the next Reddit post on my feed was the video. Should have pointed it out to everyone then started singing Respect. I'm sure Arethra would have approved.

Oh and one of the worst parts, now if you look for Aretha Franklin online all you see is news articles of this asshole.
She isn't the one making it about her. He is. Why are you putting it on her. It became all about her as soon as he started to touch her inappropriately
No no, he ALREADY disrupted the funeral plenty by being a disgusting asshole. It’s not her responsibility to avoid making a scene that’s already being made.
It's a lot easier to look at it and analyze from our position, though. Up there on stage at a funeral in front of the world being grabbed at by a bishop...in the moment I think many/most people would have a bit of a panic and not immediately be able to figure out the best move.
They're freeze frames of a live video. Hard to judge from, if his hands were 2 inches lowered you'd thought she was just reacting to what he said
Jesus Christ that's such a disturbing video, the guy that gropes her just laughs it off like some sick maniac. I couldn't really tell what the other guests were saying, but it seemed like they were trying to talk over Mel B and cover it up.
By her face, she's just like 'are you fucking kidding me?!' This is a classic trope of inappropriate gropers though, they do it where and when the victim is made awkward if they stop the proceedings and call it out. They rely on the shame of their victims.  This guy is a fucking predator.
He's the one who started groping her... if someone unabashedly sexually assaults you, you're well within your rights to respond as loudly and violently as necessary to stop them.

I understand the sentiment of women being taught to ignore it or report it later, but this was on national TV with tons of people around. I should assume that they'd support her if she were to drive him off.
She's been fighting a diva reputation for a long time. I think a lot of people would accuse her of just that behavior if Ariana makes a scene at one of her hero's funeral.
[deleted]
Nah Ms. Grande has built up a lot of good will these days, after visiting injured kids after the Manchester bombing and becoming the full-time career for that charming disabled kid Pete Davidson.
&gt;I'm on both sides here. It's a funeral and funerals are not a place for out burts. But she could have stepped away or moved his hand and brought it up later when it was a more appropriate time.


Bruh, I know you kind of reversed this sentiment, but it's incredibly toxic to say to victims of blatant sexual assault "you could have done more."
My point was, there's a way to get out of an uncomfortable situation while remaining "classy". Just ignoring it isn't the only way.
Has she said anything yet?
False, look at Taylor Swift and the guy who grabbed her ass
There were a lot of people there for Aretha who didn't notice this happening.

People are praising Ariana for being classy that she didn't speak up at the point for the people who were there grieving for Aretha. 

That's classy in my book, but I wouldn't say she wasn't classy if she did acted. Then I wouldn't fault her for that obviously. 

The guy is just complimenting Ariana. There's no need for all of you to look further into it. It's pretty clear who's causing the problem here and it's obviously the guy.
I'm not putting it on her, captain drama. I'm saying she probably didn't want to let it all become about her, regardless of who's causing it.

If I'm at a funeral and someone says something to me that really pisses me off or acts in a way that makes me feel violated, I'm probably not going to do anything about it until later, assuming I actually care about the person whose funeral I'm at.

What's wrong with that? It's just because she cares more about the deceased than getting back at some creep touching the side of her boob. I respect that.

In a perfect world, someone would have snapped his fingers off for her, but that's just not the world we live in.
I'm not disagreeing with you, but it do feel it was classy to at least wait until after the funeral to address it. She would have been justified in slapping the dude and chose restraint, too bad that supposed man of God couldn't.
People tried to pass it off as innocent because Louis Walsh is rumoured to be gay; like that makes any difference lol
I think in this scenario it’s more the fact that this is a famous woman’s funeral being televised to millions of very sad people. It’s not “ignore it to be classy as a woman” to me; it’s more “ignore it because we’re at a very sad funeral and I don’t want to draw attention to this shitty individual because that takes away from the amazing individual we are laying to rest”. Any other scenario I’m with you.
There are lots of ways to react other than ignoring it completely. She made it very visible that she was uncomfortable and wanted out, so the cameras see that. 

And on a separate note, saying "Worked out anyway" is a terrible way to inform your decisions.
I am a victim of sexual assault. I'm not trying to come off as a dick or toxic by saying that. I just know that I wish I had done more in my situation and, before seeing the full video, I thought this is all that happened. She looked down and made a face. I wasn't aware that she did do more. I apologize for coming off that way though.
Her hero was THE diva.
She was probably in shock.

Slapping a guy like this is great in theory, but when it actually happens you kind of short circuit.
[deleted]
Sometimes u gotta pick the right time to fight ur battles Ariana took the right road by not b-slapping him on spot
You should watch the video. It’s largely the same.
Oof, I was over it a long time ago.
Maybe she told him off after the fact, in front of people. That would satisfy both sides, imo.
Yeah, hopefully she did. I doubt we'll hear about it, though.
I would have been "so uncomfortable" if I've been **sexually assaulted** on national television as well. Let's not sugarcoat this.
[removed]
Except that wasn't some bitchass bishop that was the pope. The holiest man on Earth in the eyes of almost a billion people
[removed]
I have watched the video. And while I agree that his actions are just as despicable in moving pictures her reactions are not as dramatic and correlated to his hands
Not sure what your point is here.  He was basically driven out of the industry as far as I'm aware.
Theres absolutely no way this scumfuck has more power than Ariana Grande. People actually know her name.
[removed]
It's hard to say what anyone would do.  There are a lot of factors at play.  She's on live television in front of millions.  She's at a funeral.  This man is twice her size.  As a male who has been sexually assaulted it's tough to make a decision in the place and time.  It's a lot easier as a third party to sit back and think about what you'd do if you had the time to think it all out.  And that's what she, and others who have been in her position, do over and over again in their heads afterwards. 

Regardless though, her actions don't matter.  Only his actions matter.
It also wouldn't be "making a scene".

The scene was made when he put his hand on her fucking tit without asking. He *leveraged* her class against her, knowing that she "couldn't" act on it in the spotlight.

She should sue him. She has all the video evidence she needs.
Yeah but not everyone would have seen it that way and certain media outlets would have probably talked about that a lot to distract from the real issue of the pastor sexually assaulting her. 

I think she should have confronted the pastor, but within the short span of time this all happened she probably didn’t have enough time to consider if she should stop the service or if she would even be believed. What if the cameras were angled so it wasn’t so obvious what happened? And no one else stepped in so maybe she thought people didn’t see it happen as clearly as we did.
I get that, but the way people are talking and saying what they would have done and what she should have done are sounding like they're blaming Ariana grande, whether intentional or not
Ariana is past the point of needing industry support. The industry needs her
Fair enough. I’m normally a big proponent for skepticism of screenshots like this, but I felt it got the point across.
‘People are praising Ariana for being classy that she didn't speak up at the point for the people who were there grieving for Aretha.’

What does this mean? It’s classy to stay silent as you’re molested so that others don’t have to hear your yells?

Yeah, no, fuck your logic. This dude should’ve been called out, he should’ve had his balls kicked into his throat. It’s high time influential assholes stop getting away with this bullshit.
Shock, discomfort, rage
That’s the thing though, you should know better than most that only she knows what she was capable of at the time. Her reaction to this abuse can’t be in question- whether she had screamed, spun away, yelled, wept, froze, or appeared to do nothing. Her actions being questioned just opens up room for other victims to be questioned. As the victim, she’s almost inherently right in any action she takes because that’s how she reacts. It’s circular, but pointing this out is how we break the stigma for the lay person who’s assault (and reaction) wasn’t caught on camera.
[deleted]
Thank you. That’s what this whole thread is missing. Her actions are inherently correct because they’re a response, no better yet a defense against what *he* did to her. Period.
Ignoring your own blatant abuse is not "classy", and calling out an abuser is not "trashy".
[deleted]
Her actions would’ve been right no matter what because *he’s* the one in the wrong, not her. Questioning things like this just lets others question other victims. 

“Well, she should’ve handled it like Ariana did and not made a scene. Screaming about abuse at the [insert high profile event here] is vulgar no matter the reason”

Can’t you see that type of logic and justification being leveled at other women? Or in a lay persons life?
Yes and yes. Are you saying she acted in a bad way? She was just molested but because she didn't speak out it's her fault this keeps happening? Fuck that, you don't know what she went though.
You right. No one ever questioned me or my reaction. I don't know what it's like to not be listened to or be criticized over something not in my control. It's unfair for me to say anything about her particular situation and I apologize.
Nah. Isn’t that the whole point of the metoo movement is that those connections mean shit? Otherwise Weinsstien would still be fucking around
Exactly. She should’ve done literally whatever she did because that’s how she handled it. She wouldn’t have been wrong to handle it a la Mel B and she wouldn’t have been wrong to freeze or grin and bare it or jerk herself away. Literally any response is correct because she’s inherently not in the wrong when it comes to her own sexual assault.
[deleted]
What on earth are you on about lol. She handled an incredibly tricky situation very well, I'm laying zero blame at her feet and regardless of how she reacted she wouldn't have been in the wrong. Take your hysteria somewhere else.
&gt; Only to ruin my career

It wouldn't have ruined her career.  Who the fuck is this guy?  A nobody.  He may be the leader of some giant church, but that is nothing compared to an international megastar.

I don't expect that her career is what held her back.  Maybe shock?  Or maybe slapping someone just isn't in her.
[removed]
This comment is absurd.
I don’t think she was ignoring it. I think she was in shock. I mean, a much older, significantly-larger-than-her man of the cloth (not that that really seems to mean anything anymore) cupped her boob at a funeral on live television. She was probably caught off guard.
Not only does he have Russian hands and Roman fingers he also seems to think Ariana Grande is a value meal from Taco Bell...which is...racially...troubling.

&amp;#x200B;
Oh, certainly. And it would be great if we taught young people ways to deal with this from a young age, too. Just don't want people thinking it's really easy.
You're right but it's fucking disgusting that people would describe a woman defending herself against a man groping her as 'diva behaviour'.
Why is it considered "classy" to let this creepy fuck get away with feeling her up?  

Thats not classy, and conversely if she had stood up for herself that wouldn't make her any less classy.
"Music industry diva slaps a bishop at a funeral."
Respect, TCB.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
Shes a woman in the music industry. Its pretty hard to get through it without experiencing it, and poor thing has. I hate saying it.. But she is probably used to it.
It’s so absurd the number of people saying “she did the right thing by allowing you an old man to grope her breasts against her will.”  WTF people, I doubt Aretha wanted a girl to be molested at her funeral. Standing up to this creep would be truly honoring her memory!  No one is saying scream or punch the creep, but firming removing his hand was more than called for. And frankly I’m quite disappointed that she sent the message to any young fans watch: if some gropes you just shut up and let them.
I wouldve slap him right there
So you somehow have factual knowledge of her abuse at Disney? That’s pretty funny since she never worked with Disney.

Just stop making incorrect assumptions and implications, it makes you look stupid and spreads false rumor fodder.
[deleted]
I take issue with your choice of “right thing”. There are many in here arguing the rightness or wrongness of victim reactions when that’s not the case. I’m saying that she handled it well like this and any other hypothetical way that she could’ve handled it.
Are you saying she'd have been doing the wrong thing if she had reacted more openly?

Also, I'm gonna ignore the 88, because I'm sure you were just "born in 1988". Funny how so many shitty Redditors were born that year.
He put out a statement about that "I personally and sincerely apologise to Ariana and to her fans and to the whole Hispanic community." LOL
She's (1) on stage, and (2) at someone else's funeral. Yes, it's a question of class.

But I agree in general absolutely.
For sure.  Mel B as a young Spice girl may have ignored it similarly.  She has the experience factor
the one thing that sucks about being so hot
It's the world we live in :(
No apology needed! It’s so hard, as a woman myself, to unlearn a lot of the victim blaming mentality because it’s tied to societal and internal misogyny. It’s about understanding that it isn’t just victim shaming that hurts victims, it’s praising those who act “correctly” because it then sets a standard by which other victims can be held. It’s so refreshing to see someone admit their mind is changed though. Thank you!
But would you really want cause that kind of a scene during a national televised funeral for a respected person?

It's captured on live TV. She knew it would be better to handle it anymore the fact
I'd like to think I would have done that too but honestly I'd probably just freeze and do nothing
He never said anything about the dude having more power than her?
It’s despicable. I can’t imagine what I would do if I saw some dude trying to cop a feel at my mother’s or grandmother’s funeral. He definitely doesn’t deserve a parish.
That's not what I'm saying at all. Christ. And yes I was born in 88, what of it? I'm old af.
Yes, she handled it well. Slapping him would have been cathartic and not necessarily the wrong thing, but it would have created an enormous situation given the venue and limelight. That;s obviously why the pastor thought he could get away with what he was doing. Luckily he got caught on camera, I hope shit goes wrong for him.
I mean, not easy to make the decision to cause a disturbance at a funeral
"She did the right thing, keeping it lowkey"

What does this mean, then?
[removed]
Can someone explain to me what "diva behavior" is and why would it be bad for Ariana in this case?
It means slapping him, while cathartic and justified, would have caused a horrendous scene that she clearly wanted to avoid given she was at Aretha Franklin's funeral with a thousand cameras on her. What is your problem?
Mel Brooks?
[removed]
It amazes me that he can look her in the eye when doing this. There is no way he thinks she doesn't know, so any thrill from being "sneaky" is out the window. He's doing this with the full knowledge that she knows and that she obviously doesn't like it.

I don't want to say he is used to doing this because I don't know the guy, but it definitely looks like he feels entitled to it.
Thinking about it, Ariana has had a pretty shitty run at life so far. Used as a fetish object by certified pedo Dan Schneider, children dying at her concerts, and now she's getting felt up on national television. Poor girl.
I just have a problem with the idea that victims of sexual assault shouldn't react or else have the "scene" from reacting blamed on them. If she'd slapped him, the resulting "horrendous scene" would be 100% on him, and she wouldn't be in the wrong.
[deleted]
Allowing yourself to be groped is the right thing to do? Come on man...
What’s the Mel B route
The Spice Girl was recently groped on live tv
True
Lmao, she released a song saying god is a woman. I doubt any one who would be offended by her slapping a bishop is still listening to her stuff.
It would definitely be on him, yes. What's your problem with my username anyway?
Yup, and get blamed for being angry about it.
Yeah a lot of people have misconstrued what I said and in retrospect it's easy to see why. Groping someone is never okay. If she slapped him or kicked off she would be fully justified in doing so. That said at Aretha Frankling's funeral with 1000 camera on her, I can fully see why she did not. I hope she contacts the police and/or his church after the event.
[removed]
Or men like him just don't care. He knows he can get away with it. They're bold because they can be :/
Oh okay. I was a little worried about your implication, but it's all good now.
Sorry then, there's a lot of folks who put 88 in their username as a Nazi symbol, so when I see someone with it making a comment that looks shitty, I tend to assume the worst.
"Deserved"
*licks donut and says she hates America and fat people*
[r/youseeingthisshit](https://www.reddit.com/r/youseeingthisshit)
The guy that said she was an exception replied to the guy that said Ariana wasn't going to lose sales over slapping a bishop. I believe by his reply he was just pointing out that she did lose sales following her actions. The guy whom you replied to I don't think was defending the pope, just pointing out the obvious difference that she destroyed a picture of the pope who close to a billion people see as the holiest man on Earth, the closest thing to their God on this Earth. Where as Ariana would've slapped a bishop whom nobody even knows the name of. That's why one lost sales and why the other probably wouldn't.

Sinead was also just really going for the shock factor and to see peoples reactions. She copied what some singer she liked did to a picture of Travolta. She was also a supporter of the IRA, kinda hard to take somebody seriously when they support a terrorist organization
Yup

[Another angle](https://i.imgur.com/Y2sC1VJ.gif)
Ignore it until after the funeral... then go wtf was that! Is the correct move. Slapping him works too thou
It would still not be “unclassy” or unprofessional to say something like “please do not touch me” or “Can I have some space?” if she had felt she needed to do that to get him to stop, and I don’t think it would have reflected badly on her if she had said something harsher in this situation. Etiquette takes a back seat to sexual assault, period.

ETA: just to make this clear to other people in this conversation, the person I am replying to identifies as an incel.
&gt; I think a lot of people would accuse her of just that behavior if Ariana makes a scene 


He grabbed her tit!
I just googled that.  I wish I didn't.
It really doesn't have to be. :/
They don't. Nothing personal against her and her music but the radio pop industry that she's in could sink her and find a replacement without any problem. It's what happens when your music has nothing unique
You're exactly right on what I was trying to point out. I support no religion I was just showing that there is a difference between some no name "bishop" and the pope
I was just pointing out that there's an obvious difference
Diva behavior would be acting like everything is about her and showing no respect for anyone else or the situation. Like imagine that one artist refusing to start singing until everyone stands up and pausing the concert to yell at a guy in a wheelchair. 

(I’m not saying she is one. I’m just answering his question)

Imagine this: a young singer. People already call her immature and a diva. They think she’s self centered and the fact that she looks really young doesn’t help her as people assume she’s more immature than she really is. Then imagine her at a funeral for an American icon and she causes a commotion during said funeral. People would be accusing her of stealing the spotlight, trying to make a scene and to make the funeral about her. They’d say she was overreacting and hysterical. 

She had a few options: all of them shitty for her.
How do we change it?
[removed]
[deleted]
"Music industry diva slaps a bishop at a deserved funeral."
It was four years ago, there was just basically zero outrage at the time
I mean, have you ever been assaulted? It's easy to sit behind a keyboard and think you'll do ten backflips and kick your assailant in half but the truth is it's not that easy.

I've been there. It's like being in a car accident. You kinda spend the first few seconds after wondering "Did that actually just happen?" Before you confront the person.
She was groped by Louis Walsh on live tv.  I'm on mobile but can link later if you cant find it
Oh ok
What?

That is absolutely the kind of thing you only do "in memoriam". Just like you only remember that perfect comeback line the next day, making the decision to slap somebody on stage... not easy to make in the moment.
Would have been ten times more funny if he started jiggling her boob like Mel Bs butt xD.
&gt; The look on her face, she must have been so uncomfortable.

I think she had a boner.
Who is that dude?
LOL no I do not, but anyone else with no life can certainly read that other thread. 

I think the Good Pastor here possibly made a mistake, remember that he's on stage too. But assuming he did this intentionally or subconsciously on purpose, or god forbid makes a habit out of it, he was on mic, so her "please do not touch me" would have derailed the entire fucking funeral, you clown. She was clearly uncomfortable but gave him the benefit of the doubt and didn't shut down the stupid old man in the moment. We don't know what she said backstage. Either way, etiquette is the OBVIOUS choice here.
Because if she would have let him have it, then she'd be the one everyone called out for interrupting the funeral. There's a time and place for that, and at someone's funeral isn't the place.
So you’re saying women should be classy and shouldn’t speak out if being sexually assaulted. 

How ‘classy’ of you
All about the R-E-S-P-E-C-T!!
Aretha wouldn't have interrupted a funeral to put some horses ass in his place. YOU might, because you have no class, but Ariana didn't do it because she's not you. Fucking no class idiot.
She would be if she said anything. The amount of zero class people on here is astounding. That funeral wasn't about Ariana, and she had the class to know it.
[deleted]
groping and sexual harassment aside, I can't fathom how he thought it was a good decision to do it ON NATIONAL TELEVISION????
They're not. Women freeze up all the time when being harrassed and assaulted, to the point where it's more common to freeze up than it is to fight back. The only time I've said anything in response to being harrassed is when I'm too drunk to give a fuck. Otherwise I spend the rest of the day thinking about what I should have done instead of freezing and not saying anything. It sucks, and you're really underestimating the shock response and how women are socialized to not make a scene.
[removed]
Which video?
Now THAT'S a rabbit hole. Clear out your afternoon and read his wikipedia.
[removed]
Na, kick his balls. Like... he should vomit all over the place because of the pain.
Ehh conservatives aren't going around taking their kids to Ariana Grande concerts.  She would've been on every talk show this weekend and blown up her next project/tour to new highs.
[removed]
Let's put ourselves back in reality for a moment. Slapping someone at a funeral is *really* poor form. Even if someone is being a super douche, worst case you just slip away. You don't cause a debacle where you people are mourning and paying respect (no pun).

Don't see how that can possibly be a good look. Now slapping this dude anywhere else, sure, I can see it being a net positive.
Dude this is the #metoo era. A woman defending herself from being groped is not going to ruin her career. Most likely the opposite.
Irrelevant username
And your point is?
She is a foot away from him most of the time and moves closer to hug him.
&gt; Women freeze

Women? It's called fight or flight and it effects everybody.
I think she didn't want to take away from Aretha. Plus this is so much better. This dude is going to have his shit plastered everywhere
I am a giant man who works in home sales. I was told people will threaten me and I laughed cause I’m big and I wouldn’t freak out. 

Yesterday a guy asked if I was alone and then started to threaten me and swear at me. Her being in shock is totally reasonable. This guy was half my size and I turned into a deer in headlights man. 

Inappropriate behavior is hard to react too in the moment for most people.
r/furry_irl
Bro.  Her body language on the video says "Get.. The... Fuck... Off... Me."
[link](https://youtu.be/1XrJ_04FZQI)
Ya know, you don’t have to make a scene to remove a mans hand from your side boob.  A simple tug on his hand should do the trick and if he doesn’t move his hand after that, then he’s the one causing the scene.
I don't get why this is being downvoted. There's no victim blaming here only the idea that we shouldn't abandon ourselves to victimhood. That last sentence is a battleshout against helplessness
Uncomfortable situation for her, but getting a horse dick in the butt until you die of internal bleeding is about 100x worse.
Thank god that ⭕️ was there or I would have completely missed the heavily zoomed action!
Aren't you the horse from Horsin' Around?
U can follow her train of thought.  "Are you fucking seeing this?" "Do I say something and make a scene at Aretha Franklin's funeral??"
Mel B also wasn't on the podium at a memorial service.  I feel like that adds another level of wtf do I do here for Ariana.
Perfection.
[removed]
"This isn't happening, this can't be happening, are you fucking serious."
People still buy Chris Brown records in droves
[deleted]
I thought so too, then watched the footage, and she looked much less alarmed. Sometimes a picture doesn't tell a thousand words.

She moved immediately prior to this, and his hand was nowhere near her boob prior to this - I'd chalk this up to honest mistake, the kinda thing the guy would normally cringe at for the next several years but this one will probably have his life ruined.
Absolutely, but we were talking about ariana grande, a woman, my experiences as a woman, and how women specifically are socialized to react to this kind of behavior.
I disagree. She'd be "overreacting", "making a scene", "stealing the spotlight" over something that "wasn't a big deal" or "even intentional". Maybe some people would even say she invited it just so she could grab some of that sweet, sweet #MeToo cred.
I mean the record label greasy ass fucks are probably doing the exact same thing.
Who the fuck even said that ignoring that is “class”. What kind of backwards ass shit is that.
Her face is like, im about to ruin this mans life..
I'm looking. What is your point?
Espicially while shes singing songs about fucking while grinding the shit out of bicycle seats.
Praise Jesus
Its cool yall Im choosing to live as a gay man!

/s
Someone in this thread called him an "Idiot" and it bothered me. 

He's not an idiot. He's a predator.
Can’t say she anticipated a religious leader to grope her breast while making fun of her name in a racist fashion at the funeral of an American national treasure.
This is a lot more likely outcome if you think about it. The way it played out, no one is really defending the "bishop".

  If she'd slapped him, that would've given a bunch of incels out there the fuel to present the appearance of disapproval. It would've become something to disagree on, as many relatively small events do in this political climate. Just another football. 

She should slap him with assault charges.
[removed]
Yeah agreed
I would have done that thing where you grab their fingers and twist them, then spin around and kick him in the nuts to finish him off.
[deleted]
Doubt it, she probably was just controlling herself because causing shit at a funeral could create a decent amount of bad press + stress out the mourners
Yeah, but people *love* to criticize women for their behavior, even if she's in the right.
I'd say he's a mix of both.
&gt;Maybe some people would even say she invited it just so she could grab some of that sweet, sweet #MeToo cred.

I have heard people say this shit about women calling out their assaulters/harassers/rapists, and I always think, "do these people think we are so desperate for attention that we *want* to be groped and raped? Because that's dumb as hell." 

Then I remember that incels and redpill and KiA exist on this website and get sad.
[deleted]
You only have a few seconds to process what’s happening. And decide whether to call him out or not.
There are apparently people saying it's her fault for wearing a short dress, basically defending him by blaming her. 

And that dress isn't even that revealing, at least the top part, which is fairly modest. Idk you can look at a decently covered chest and say, "yeah, she was basically asking for her breasts to be groped by showing some leg."
In the Abrahamic religions God is an almighty omnipotent and omniscient genderless being. The pronoun ‘He’ is used to describe him because of the limitations of language, but God is neither a man nor a woman, since God is an entity unto himself. So assigning God a gender is blasphemous, and would be equally blasphemous as calling God a man. Of course, calling god a man wouldn’t be as controversial as calling Him a woman because society.
He works at a megachurch; they're not known for their morality, tbh.
Oh my god. How repulsive. That's just fucking inexcusable. Thanks.
*has photo taken with taco salad* I love Hispanics!
[l'esprit de l'escalier](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/L%27esprit_de_l%27escalier)
I feel especially bad for her because she has to see these pictures all over social media today. She probably wants nothing more than to forget that humiliating moment with that creep. It was supposed to be her moment to pay tribute to a musical icon, and instead this asshole shamelessly groped her and made a stupid joke about her name in front of thousands of people. I hope he gets shunned and shamed by everyone around him.
This happened to me and I swear I genuinely froze, not just once but a couple of times before I finally started to say something. These men know what they’re doing and how to get away with it.
BUT WHAT ABOUT TEH MEN??
Its also worth noting that past experiences affect the reaction a lot. Knowing Hollywood and everything, I'm sure shes  been subject to much worse. So this could easily be a trigger. Thats why some people seem to overeact to being touched even non-sexually or freeze up like here. You don't know whats going through someone elses head. The reaction to an a bad action should not be judged.
And this scumbag compared her name to a meal at taco bell

So racist comment and groped
I also feel bad, because while she’s a public persona at a public place, something she might be having a lot of complicated negative feelings about is becoming hugely public.
She's been having a rough couple years, what with being groped the other day and having her concert blown up last year.
It makes it all so real. I feel disgusting. Fuck that guy.
And the fact that he's doing it at a giant funeral, a very visible occasion, on stage, ON CAMERA, says that he is not a timid, first-time groper. Bishop Charles H. Ellis III is a predator, methinks.
Yall realize this would do nothing but help her career. Are we forgetting about MeToo? We are all about empowered women standing up to abusers. If any word came around that she was being silenced by record companies people would go insane.
yeah those are not mutually exclusive. you could say he's an idiotic predator.
I think perhaps because it's arguing against things that the post above it didn't say, and aren't really related to Ariana's situation? Just a guess.

They mention things that could be done to prevent assaults from happening, which is fair to discuss, but Ariana didn't walk home alone at night in a dangerous area she was just attending a funeral and literally couldn't have done anything to prevent it. So maybe people thought the down voted person was implying otherwise?
he's gay tho
Any decent person would praise her had she slapped him as a response. Is the world really full of such shitty people?
You can be both you know
Right. Most guys just do this stuff because of the power. They KNOW you can’t do or say anything in that moment because you’ll draw attention to yourself.

Poor Ariana.
Hey, I reported your own words. (“You never met one of them before? (Referring to last mention of incels) Besides me of course.”) I get a lot of troll comments on my posts from incels, so it’s a habit to make a quick check of recent post history to see if it’s worth it to respond. I didn’t resort to name-calling, so lol right back at you.

Google the zoomed in video or other angles. He’s shown repeatedly pulling her back in after she tries to move away, pushing his fingers into her breast, and putting his hand there more than once. 

And no, sorry, but saying that would not have derailed the funeral as much as the furor over this has. Nothing has really been reported apart from this and a few shitty news outlets trying to deflect from it by reporting on her skirt length. Besides, if you’ve ever been to a funeral, it isn’t that out of the norm for people to have emotional outbursts. But you seem like you don’t have much empathy for other people unless they’re men, so I guess that leaves less opportunity to actually go to one.

As for not detailing a funeral being more important, well, I sincerely hope you never have someone sexually aggressive try to get their rocks off by intimidating you and doing things to you that you didn’t consent to. Because it’s fucking horrible and you’re flat out wrong. Get some therapy.
Perfect example. 

Kanye is a Diva
I feel like she should've, then streamlined into Aretha's classic R-E-S-P-E-C-T.
Thank you for understanding.

‘She should have xyz’ is one of the most frustrating responses in these situations.

Whenever this stuff has happened to me, I’m always in such utter disbelief that someone could possibly be doing this that I have frozen.

In front of millions of people AT A FUNERAL on TV, of course that feeling is amplified by a million.

She didn’t do anything wrong. Her reaction should not even be considered. HE is the one we should focus on.
Just to say, I know you don’t mean any harm but ‘why didn’t you’ or ‘you should have’ is a really demoralising thing to say to someone who has suffered a violation like this.

in the moment, you often have no idea how to react, then people saying you reacted wrongly just makes the guilt/shame worse.
If Ariana slapped him, or said something, some people would have thought she had the bad taste to pull a publicity stunt at the funeral of an American treasure. He would have been completely off the hook for his behavior, and she would have looked terrible in the court of public opinion. I wonder if he knew this too. He truly had her cornered in more ways than one and they both knew it. 

Edit: I think her only best option was not to respond and have the world see what he did...but then he got to grope her tit in front of the whole world, her fiancè, a President. Sickening.
I'm uncomfortable just looking at the photos.
whast the Mel B route?
[deleted]
And she was catching shit on twitter from people saying her dress was too risque for a funeral.

And people were saying the two instances (perhaps in poor taste wardrobe decision vs televised molestation) were near equal in weight.

Just ... I don't understand.

He literally worked his fingers up from under her breast to fondling her. Ugh.
[deleted]
We just covered that predators often act **where and when the victim is made awkward if they stop the proceedings and call it out.**

He knew what he was doing. Calling him an idiot makes an excuse and detracts for what was a learned and calculated decision. He was comfortable enough to do it on air, which doesn't mean he's an idiot - it means he has done this enough and gotten away with it enough for him to confidently act this way in front of a billion people.

That's not idiocy but hubris
She tried to pull away and he pulled her closer.
Thank you for sharing this. I've had this done to me a number of times, by various men, and I never spoke up. It is truly a What the Fuck moment and each time, I went "deer in the headlights". I'm a bit ashamed by my  reactions.
A slap would be deserved, but at least grab their hand and move it, hopefully on some inanimate object.
While all this is true, he did this at a funeral with many, many photographers and this picture has now gone viral. She might not have confronted him at that moment, but now people across the world know who he really is. That's pretty stupid if you ask me.
IsItThoughThor.jpg
I can get that she’s really short and things happen, but he KEPT readjusting his hand to the SAME place as she was visibly trying to move away. Why.
Has she spoken out about this?

If she hasn't I'm actually upset at her that she wouldn't. Thousands of women without her stature as a well known person get taken advantage of on a daily basis with no way of speaking out about their assailants.

If she doesn't speak out about this, it just makes me lose respect for her honestly.
Of course you can always count on those creeps to come out from their hole with that argument, but, had she slapped that asshole on the spot, they would've come out much, much harder and garnered enough attention to merit some facade of legitimacy.

They'd be arguing, "violence isn't okay, two wrongs don't make a right, she took the spotlight at a funeral" etc. I'm not saying these would've been legitimate arguments, I'm saying they would've appeared more legitimate to enough of the population to make it a general point of contention, instead of one relegated to the crap holes we already recognize as such. The normal reaction here is that Ariana Grande was sexually assaulted on live TV by a pastor at a fucking funeral, and he's the asshole. That's the normal, base reaction. That's a good thing, is what I'm saying. That's how we *should* start to react. 

With the way it went down, no, she didn't get the satisfaction of slapping him and calling him out on the spot. Of course we all would've eaten that popcorn readily. Would have been huge, much bigger than this. 

But I think that was basically her being first taken totally off guard, combined with a real sense of maturity and class on her part. It wasn't her show, it wasn't his either, it was Aretha's. She wasn't in any immediate danger, she knew she had ground for recourse after. That's composure. It doesn't at all - not one bit - excuse that guy. 

But that's the way we measure things like that. You can't judge a person's bravery in the face of nice, good things happening to them. Bad things happen and then we see how people really are. I think a bad thing happened to Ms Grande and we got a glimpse of who she really is, and it made her look better to everyone for it. She did the adult thing. And I really do hope she follows through with charges or at least a lawsuit.
whynotboth.gif
/r/uselessredcircle

That being said...it wasn't as noticeable in the video. The gif clears it up.
[removed]
Didn't even realize that was Ariana Grande
I'm so pissed for her. She just wants to sing and people keep trying to blow her up and feel her up and I just hope she has good people around her to keep her level so she doesn't OD or start drinking.
Shit I would think it would boost her career for standing up for herself. Fuck that guy.
The first image she's giving the "are you doing what I think you're doing" look, and in the second image she's doing the "yup, you're doing exactly what I think you're doing" confirmation look.
What an astute observation
No it's not. She would've been a hero in the media.
So you're saying she not Catholic?
Gay men don't have some magical right to touch a woman's intimate areas (or her body in general) just because they're not sexually attracted to them.
shit wtf am I doing then
Uncomfortable and helpless. Pretty sad and absolutely disgusting.
The look of the girl in the back. She looks so disgusted.
There are people in this very thread saying it was an accident, she's small so he must have thought he was touching her waist, the guy apologised so leave him be, then there's the comments about her short skirt like that was the real problem. . .

She would have been a hero to some yeah, but best case scenario she would have seriously damaged her career and most people would have felt sorry for the poor man who was just being friendly and didn't realise what he was doing.
People saying it was an accident are a lot more rational than the people saying he's a predator getting off on groping someone on national TV.
You would think so, if it weren't for the fact there is video evidence of him creeping his hand over her tit. 
How rational is it to watch film of something happening, and then say it didn't happen?
No one is saying he didn't touch her. People are debating whether it's assault. And it's not if you watch a regular video of it that's not a zoomed in gif that's slowed down. It was most likely an accident.
Nah, i fully disagree. We've watched the same video and saw two different things, so i don't see much point arguing over it with you.
Thank you for sharing too. Please don’t be ashamed by your reactions, I was angry at myself for a while for not defending myself. But these men do it in a way that makes you doubt yourself,  uncomfortable and playing on our vulnerability of not wanting to cause a scene. 

Once I came forward about my harasser another 3 women came forward and a male that witnessed it.

They will get their karma. 

And as my Mum says, if it happens again scream “Don’t touch me” and kick them in the balls 😂
You wouldn’t, because it’s not about you in that moment. You do that, and you become the person who made Aretha Franklin’s funeral all about you and an awkward pervy moment. It wasn’t the time or place for a loud smack down sadly. She handled it perfectly and sadly he knew she would: It’s the creepy pastor version of feeling up a woman on a train because you think she won’t say anything cos she’s in public
So uncomfortable that she just stood there.
Not uncomfortable to do anything or remove his hand. Dude is a fucking creep and she should've called him out in front of everyone.
I get how this is how society is now but I don't think it would be considered "poor form" for Ariana to have said something or even slapped the guy as he is **actively** assaulting her. We saw that she tried to remove herself and he pulled her back in hard, also people shouldn't just allow this to happen anyways. It shouldn't be "ok" for a powerful man to assault someone else in front of a giant crowd of people and even less on national television.

**He's** the one displaying poor form, if anything he should get called out and shamed for his shameful behavior at a funeral no less.
Wow, I am so happy &amp; proud for you that you came forward!! My abusers are all dead &amp; gone, but I know if it ever happened to me today, I would do EXACTLY what your Mum said!!!
Free pr
Speaking her toys would not be the right response
she looks so cringed, she was holding her tears... this is so sad
That’s not on Ariana though and criticism in that vein leveled against her should be pushed back upon Bishop Ellis. By creating the excuse to judge her, you also set the stage for other victims to be compared to her, either blaming or praising. Victims aren’t in the wrong! Their behavior after assault isn’t the one that should be railed against!
I didn’t blame her and it’s not really criticism. I just think she had a lot to consider in a very short span of time when it came to making a scene or dealing with it later. 

I think it’s fair to say she had to consider her own public image as a celebrity if she stopped the funeral to address and probably just opted not to act rashly, even if it was the right decision to call the guy out immediately.
&gt;It shouldn't be "ok" for a powerful man to assault someone

Who said it was okay? 

&gt;**He's** the one displaying poor form

I thought we all agreed on this. 

&gt;if anything he should get called out and shamed 

In the middle of a goddamn funeral? 

Look, sometimes the adult thing to do is not make matters worse. We can all see what a scumbag he is, and she can call him out in a more appropriate forum. It would be awful if to hit someone in the middle of the ceremony, especially one being broadcast on television.
Ask myself that all the time.
Or at least pushed his hand away a bit to get the point across not to touch her chest like that. Sucks she had to sit there feeling used. I assume she had her reasons.
cringe
She was being SEXUALLY ASSAULTED you bloody fucking idiot.
Mr. Hands died in 2005. Imposter
The man, the myth, the horsecock
I was really hoping this would be about that clip appearing on a national broadcast.
That's Bishop Hands, actually.
Oh too soon...too deep?
Did he cum?
I came here for this
[removed]
In the end, that's all he cared about. Beautiful, really.
"Jesus Christ, man! There's just some things you don't talk about in public!"
[removed]
[deleted]
Now THAT is a funeral I'd like to attend. 

 "Our dear, Mr. Hands. Oh how he loved life, his friends and beastiality. May he rest in peace, know nowing that furries are a thing "
F
One thing that I never got about that scenario was Mr. Hand's buddy who willingly grabbed the horse's dick and stuck it in the ass of his friend. He felt the girth of that beast in his palms and thought "eh... he can take."
Came here hoping to find this comment.

RIP the real Mr. HANDS!
I mean, the horse sure did.
Yeah. Looked like someone stomped on a carton of milk.
[deleted]
He used it online iirc
Wait, what are you people talking about?! I'm afraid to look it up but...I need to know.
Yeah. First thing I thought too. Had to comment about the REAL Mr. Hands.
Dude took a horse cock up the arse in the early noughts and died from it.  That's all there is to it really
I came here looking for this lmao, if only our teachers knew what kind of shit we were looking at back then in highschool comm tech class haha.
It wasn't the girth that killed him. It was the length and power of the thrust and oh god what have I just typed...
[deleted]
You know too much.
“UGHF!”

- Mr. Hands
When he died it wasn’t even his first time either!
So fast... so numb
Came here for this. When I saw "Mr. Hands" in the title I was like uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh https://i.imgur.com/p5wRY7f.gifv
I guess he thought "well, he's been doing this for a while so I guess he knows what he's doing".
omfg
Deep
This is why God gave us Bad Dragon
Yeah but the dick in itself was an absolute unit that his friend should have recognized even if it was dark outside.
[removed]
You forgot to mention the sound that Mr. Hands made when he first recieved the dick.
I like the back story of how he worked his way up in dick size until he was comfortable enough to get plowed by a horse with a dick whose overall dimensions outclassed a two liter bottle of Coke.
yeah i thought someone hacked into the news and broadcasted mr hands on national tv
Sometimes you fly too close to the sun. Other times you take too much horse dick.
*Ugggghhhhhhhhhh*
Too soon....I heard that throughout the "hole" ordeal Mr. Hands took it "pretty hard".
You take as many horse cocks as Mr. Hands and you get cocky.


Horse cocky.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
*shows you the door while chuckling myself*.
[RIP the real Mr. Hands] (https://youtu.be/EOCNEwbCJ-o) NSFW
Yup. Sort of relieved that his fate wasn't broadcast nationwide.
You know you're getting old when the once ubiquitous gross out humor from when you were still in school has been forgotten. RIP, Mr. Hands.
Look, Daddy, I’m a farmer! I’m a farmer!
I actually did not see said video.  Just heard about it through the lore of the internet
Worth the watch, tbh.
Don't leave out the bit where he was an engineer for Boeing, that's my favorite part!
See the movie Zoo for further info, or look for the link in the subreddit r/animalskillingpeople very NSFW &amp; NSFL 5th most popular post in the sub.
They guy who died wasn't Mr hands, the guy who was supposed to be holding back the horse cock was Mr hands. As in "nice job with that horsecock Mr Hands"
Wasn't the guy who was supposed to stop the thing from impaling him Mr hands?
Mr ha ha isnt the guy that died.  He is the guy who was supposed to have his hands on that horse dick as a safety so that the whole thing didn't mush the guys insides to jelly.  He did not do his job well.
"oh UGH!"
You measure a horses height in “hands”, so I assumed it had something to do with that
2005? Shit, time flies.
What the fuck, like what's the risk/reward here? How could that be reasonable in any universe
Risk? He apologizes and never does TV again don't recognize him so I feel like it's not much. Reward? Grabbed some Ariana Grand side titty

Edit: turns out he is a minister so no risk. Some apologies and reminder jesus is love and forgiveness so lay off him and he will be able to remember this forever guilt free
[Worth it?](https://media.giphy.com/media/bqiSQtIrEKeU8/giphy.gif)
[removed]
Nobody is going to remember this in a week, tho
still gropped tho
google will....
This will be forgotten in a few weeks as the black church defends him and berates her for wearing a short dress, as I can already see in the Twitter comments defending him. And he will store that in his spunk bank for life. So according to his risk/reward he will win in the long run. Don't downvote, just watch. I'd love to be proven wrong.
Sure... But people won't be actively looking for that guy who gropped Ariana grande in a funeral.
Well, a lot of folks are upset that he made the eulogy about BLM and black on black crime as well. I don't think this guy walks away with anything but a lot of stink on his name, for numerous reasons, and all he gets is some over the clothes, non-consentual side boob touchey to remember? Hardly seems worth it.
&gt;and all he gets is some over the clothes, non-consentual side boob touchey to remember? Hardly seems worth it.

This dude just has molested so many women over the course of his career that he feels untouchable (or else he wouldn't have even thought he could get away with it in front of millions of viewers) and unless the black church turns on him then he will remain so. Imagine what he does when there's less people watching? A predator is a predator.
[removed]
You really think this pervert is celebent? Like you said this guy is probably a total freak in private.  Hate people like this!!
[removed]
&gt; First of all, he's a bishop and technically he isn't supposed to have any sex at all, so this over the clothes stuff is quite nice for them.

Yeah he's not Catholic, while he obviously isn't supposed to do anything sexual outside of marriage, there is no blanket celibacy requirement as there is in the Catholic tradition.
Pentecostal bishops do not take a vowel of celebacy
[deleted]
They take a consonant though.
Aaaand saved for future reference.
He’s not a catholic or orthodox bishop. Totally different meaning and organization. No celibacy.
Worth
you're absolutely mental
[deleted]
[deleted]
Celibate, and hell no he's not lol. Do people not know what an actual Catholic Bishop looks like?
He's a bishop. At that level the church let's you on the secrets.  Like the power of boobs. ...he must know something we don't.
Which will just make it easier to find it when he wants to show people at parties and work events
This is true if we assume he is a complete psychopath with zero friends or family. He's probably just a mega-pervert who is great at hiding it, now that this has happened he will probably lose fuck tons of respect from whatever family and friends he has **(and deservedly so)**.
idiot
[removed]
He's a bishop. What exactly do you think the turnover is on bishops because he's not going to be looking for a job ever again.
&gt; Reward? Grabbed some Ariana Grand side titty

Here's the thing about guys who like to grab titties - even really nice ones: They're looking at this and saying "I wouldn't do that shit if I were you."
Lmao what is wrong with you?
[removed]
If we're calling him Mr. Hands apparently, there's a good chance his name could come up alongside horse fucking too...which is nice.
[removed]
Any publicity is good publicity right? It's hard to say if his name becomes more well known for these reasons whether it'd be bad or good for him
Yeah, that's going to be really effective next time he's handing over his resume on some church...
RSTLNE
[removed]
"Boob, give me strength!"
I guarantee this is not the first time he’s done this. It’s likely happened **a lot**.
maybe he didn't do it consciously for sexual gratification
I really doubt he wouldn't notice the extra baggage in his hand
&gt;doesn’t take consent
&gt;  berates her for wearing a short dress

Is this considered an extremely short dress or something? To me it didn't look like anything shorter than normal but I've only looked at a couple of photos.
&gt; reward 

Ariana Grande thinks his groping is so good she sleeps with him.
[deleted]
Oh one hundred percent agreement on calling him a predator, just wanted to get in front of anyone who would refute your point by ignoring it and attacking the religious structure portion.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
He is just horney and it's prob very thrilling to do that. So it's more to satisfy his needs.
Sexual predation is basically a requirement for the clergy at this point
tiddy*
[deleted]
Nope, never but he feels touchy and untouchable
jesus christ these guys must be so accustomed to getting away with it they simply don't give a fuck, it's appalling.
No way this was an accident. Go watch the video. He intentionally seeks her boobs our multiple times and she tries to pull away
What a fucking creep
&gt; Bishop Charles H Ellis III is a sexual predator

Are you really talking about Bishop Charles H Ellis III the sexual predator? I mean everybody knows Bishop Charles H Ellis III is a sexual predator. But are we sure he is not simply Bishop Charles H Ellis III the sexual predator? Hope I am too late to find out about Bishop Charles H Ellis III the obvious sexual predator.
rip
the only possible thing I can see here beyond just unfathomably careless creepism is if it’s staged for some kind of political angle, like trying to create a trend for people being held accountable by making it happen in the public eye, potentially as a way of putting pressure on certain powerful business, celebrity, or political figures

I mean I almost hope that’s what it is otherwise this guy really is a serious moron and it’s scary that people like that end up in places of such influence

edit: after watching his apology I’m still not sure but he may just be a total wolf in sheeps clothing after all
Also they are taken care of for life.
Tits
* Every clergy member is a sexual predator
Bishop Charles H Ellis III a.k.a MR HANDY
He works for Greater grace church, a talibangical mega church in Detroit.

Thx Wikipedia!
Mr.hands, that's fairly funny actually
/r/WatchRedditDie
[removed]
I'll forget in like 16 minutes
Let's dispel once and for all with the fiction that Bishop Charles H Ellis doesn't know what he is doing, he knows exactly what he is doing. Bishop Charles H Ellis is undertaking a systematic effort to touch Ariana Grande's breasts
You think a church will care? Hell, that's gotta be one of the requirements at this point.
"We are all about love"  where's the consent?
One correction, because I totally agree with you otherwise: he sexually *assaulted* her. Harrassment doesn't tend to involve physical touching. This was sexual assault.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
and tax free
Nobody is going to remember what?
Not a Catholic bishop that's for sure.
I mean, he's a fucking awful person and what he did is despicable, but this repeating the same phrase like 10 times in a row thing is petty and doesn't add the emphasis you think it does. Please, say something meaningful to demean the man.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Maybe not in quantitty but certainly in qualtitty.
[deleted]
[deleted]
This dude has probably been doing stuff like this his whole life and not even conscious of it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Also, Catholic priests tend to go for girls that haven't developed boobs yet.
Confirmed Funeral Groper Bishop Charles Ellis III.
😣
His name
She leaves her life of fame to be his fucktoy until he dies.
It’s not. He can get a lot more satisfaction out of something consensual, his wife, a prostitute, escort, anything.

Who cares if it was Ariana Grande - you’re going to grope a girl on live fucking TV? Is it really worth (hopefully) the wrath of the public, family, and friends? Just for a little bit of side boob?

I hope she puts out a public statement and ruins his life. She already endures this at concerts and other places I’m sure, she shouldn’t have to endure this at a fucking funeral on live TV.
[deleted]
Some sort of rick and morty universe probably would
Who?
Wait do we have any proof of this or are we just assuming that based on this video?
If you know you know
He wasn’t a national figure before this. Now he is. And plenty of people are defending his actions because “her skirt was too short”. It’s like the chick-fil-a gay thing again where tons of people protest, yet every chick-fil-a has a line around the block. His congregation is probably going to increase.
[removed]
It actually does make a difference in googles, ability to return results. So yea. Hence why threads dedicated to "making this the fist google result" are full of the same search result.
Whats the problem
I'm certainly not saying you're wrong, but in the original thread about this there were people who were a part of his congregation that were absolutely shocked about this. I don't know that I find that concrete or even a little absolving. Just something that caught my attention.
explain?
[deleted]
He's definitely consciously being a perv.
Of course he's catholic. Figures
Bro your talking a minister who is on his fuckin home turf. This is his shit he is probably most comfortable on that stage with eyes on him it is where he holds the power. So for that little girl to prance up there with her titties all there on her body just calling for him to assault her and knowing he has the home field advantage and a perfect circumstance for denial. You bet he’s gna do it. There’s no risk for him and it’s her fault that she dressed that way and tempted his old pencil mustached pervert titty assaulting ass.
God forgives
I believe there is a phrase that involves shit and sherlock that needs mentioning here.
If he was catholic it would be a little boy penis.
Also available for weddings and christenings.
Considering many are blaming her because if what she was wearing and that he made a fake apology it's pretty obvious nothing is going to happen. As usual.
I'll create an alert for that term good idea!
People like him are the reason God doesn't talk to us anymore.
Genesis 6:6
Genesis 6:66
Well god has never talked to anyone, because to do that you need to first exist.
You: a throw away joke about god that in no way advocated any particular belief system or dogma

Me, an intellectual: akktchually god isn't real pls see how smart i am. I'm very smart.
God is the reason he feels entitled to do this.
He does. But technically we’re all the reason. See: Jesus
It's funny how people like you still think it's "edgy" or "le very smart" of people to say such things. Religion today is no different than Zeus and co of yesteryear. Most would think you're quite odd for worshiping Athena. Worshiping Jehovah is no less silly. And that's not an "edgy" thing to say. It's as sensible as saying the earth is round. There's more evidence of a flat earth than for a god, and flat earthers are laughed at. So too should the religious. Same thing as that kid who got teased for believing in Santa for a little too long in grade school
[removed]
Greek mythology isnt a belief held dearly by so many people.  Not a fair comparison.  Just please dont be a douche
Please tell me this was a Professor Brother's reference. It made me think of [this](https://youtu.be/rCjn-24mMqY) and now I have to go watch everything he did.
how can an omniscient and omnipotent being feel regret? that's like trying to tickle yourself
[removed]
[citation needed]
&gt; Greek mythology isnt a belief held dearly by so many people

But it WAS. Thats his point. 

Christianity will be the religion in the future that nobody believes anymore just like Greek mythology is today
How is this person being a douche? They explained their pov and are now getting blasted for telling an edge Lord his joke is bad.
Feeling the need to tell people that their faith is wrong when its technically not something you could ever even prove is pretty douchey
By this same logic you can't disprove Greek mythology even though I'm pretty sure you don't believe in it.
That's correct, you cant.  I dont believe in it but itd be pretty arrogant of me to claim I know it's not true, when I cant absolutely prove it's not true, in the face of someone who adamantly believes in it
&gt; Christianity will be the religion in the future that nobody believes anymore just like Greek mythology is today

That doesn't mean you should be a douchebag about it on the internet
&gt;Christianity will be the religion in the future that nobody believes anymore just like Greek mythology is today  

Then there will be a different religion. There will always be a religion because religion brings people together and people enjoy being together. It brings more good than bad. Look at the positive sides of religion instead of "BUH HE DOESN'T EXIST!!"
The burden of proof is on people who believe in God/a religion. Like Hitchens said: "What can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence." Read about Russell's teapot here and you'll get why saying "but you can't disprove God" isn't a very good argument: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russell%27s_teapot

Also most atheists I know are agnostic atheists which means they say that they don't know whether a God exists or not so they choose not to believe in one, if sufficient evidence was presented to them they would tho. They're not saying its impossible for a God to exist. 

Its also kinda ironic you called someone arrogant for claiming God doesn't exist while you probably don't think someone saying that God does exist is arrogant.
Look man I really dont care enough to read all that shit my point is just dont needlessly be a dick online
It is ! Brad is an awesome guy.
Well... fuck.
All these days I've wasted praying to Zeus.
Genesis 19: total insanity.
YES. I still use "sock fucking rat dicks" as a go to insult.
I almost always default to "wassup chickens?" when seeing my friends.
Fantastic. Now I'm going to binge these.
Pretty blatant grope, this bishop needs to be held responsible for his actions

Edit:
Bishop not Pastor apparently. I still prefer penne personally.
Minor detail, but he's not a pastor, he's a bishop.
Isn't that just a Pastor that walks diagonally?

EDIT: originally wrote walks in an L. Chess fail lol!
The word Bishop isn't even in the Bible. So there's that
No, They walk diagonally.
Thanks for the correction. Good call.
Those are knights, bishops travel diagonally.
Being a bishop doesn’t make him not a pastor in the same way being a colonel doesn’t make one not a soldier.
This is not accurate.
&gt; Charles H. Ellis III (born July 8, 1958) is an American Apostolic Pentecostal preacher and the former Presiding Bishop of the Pentecostal Assemblies of the World. He is the pastor of the Greater Grace Temple...

Take it up with Wikipedia
[deleted]
Maybe to you they are.
Not in English, though.
I think they walk side to side
He’s neither of those things.  He’s a predator and a perve.
Bishop Don Juan? WTF!
that says he is a preacher and a pastor and that he used to be a bishop. It doesn't say he is a pastor and a bishop.
No they aren’t
&gt; Charles H. Ellis III (born July 8, 1958) is an American Apostolic Pentecostal preacher and the former Presiding Bishop of the Pentecostal Assemblies of the World.


Former bishop apparently.
Isn't that even worse? A bishop is higher up, right?
Lol at the idea of a bishop being held responsible for anything.
would chopping off his hands be an adequate punishment?
Which is probably a meaningless title that he bestowed upon himself because it sounds more important than "pastor".
In the Catholic church, yeah, but this guy ain't. I'm willing to bet he's just another huckster who bestowed it upon himself because he thought it sounds more important and authoritative.
I'm pretty sure they travel to Diagon Alley
[deleted]
He's a predator and perve AND bishop. In fact, a lot of bishops are predators and perves, remember?
But where is his moral barometer?
[deleted]
No, no, some are closer to their imaginary friend than others.
It’s not a Catholic Bishop it’s just some dude who calls himself one.
Duh, the religion was organized around the book, not the other way around.
Pretty much. There was a pastor in my area in college that took to calling himself “The Prophet”. Started taking in troubled kids from the neighborhood and letting them stay in his home. Guess how that ended..,
Former Presiding Bishop. Presiding Bishop is a position Bishop is a rank. If you lose the position you dont always lose the rank.

Kind of similar to how military ranks work
Why would you say something so controversial and yet so brave?
They get away with raping kids so not likely
Former human being
They went back to school and got good great and no peepholes were ever used in the shower?
[deleted]
TIL! Thanks
....
No, he’s a Diddler
And I'm a tuna. Just because he wears a collar and talks about the Bible doesn't make him any different than any other street busking, hallelu-yur peddling hack.
In the same vein that the artist formerly known as Prince was formerly prince; named and crowned himself.
God must be a huge fan of titles and ranks.
When he dies, he'll be walkin' in 'ell.
We’ll get to him as soon as we’re finished with Trump 🤣🤣🤣
Biblically, he should chop off his own hand
They get away with stuff that's hidden, unfortunately. This is blatant for the entire world to see.
Are we sure he is not a Catholic priest ???
He apologized by saying “maybe he was being too friendly”. Groping = being friendly to him and I’m sure he will continue to be “friendly”.
But being a colonel does make you not a soldier, you're an officer.
Soldier is your profession, officer/colonel is your job title.
Penne?
Ugh I used to work at the Family Christian Store and we did bible imprints to put people's names or initials on the cover of their bible. We workers had a list in the back of the most ridiculous made up titles people had us add to their names. One man had FOUR LINES of accolades he wanted printed on the cover of this bible and our manager told him it wouldnt fit....SO HE BOUGHT A BIGGER BIBLE.
Better yet we can just edit it
Ok, [here](http://www.beulahheightschurch.org/about/about-our-pastor/meet-the-pastor) is the page for the man who is currently the bishop, which clearly states he's also a pastor.
Bashing the bishop.
Just say "religious figure". Who cares.
[deleted]
...and a predator
Biblically, most things are only positions, not ranks ... the only rank-like positions are "bishop" &gt; "deacon", but the office of a bishop is nothing like what the Cat-holics use - it's basically just the most spiritually-mature person in any group of Christians that can fit in a single house.
&gt; Pentecostal Assemblies of the World

Who are non-trinitarian.
If he's a bishop, then I'm the king of Spain.
No. But morons on Reddit get off on those over the top mob justice things.
His half apology for saying her name sounded like an item on a taco bell menu was more sincere than his apology for literally sexually harassing her ffs.
Penne is a type of pasta (pastor)
I know, I thought it was a typo, I didn’t make the connection from pasta to pastor.

Fun fact, penne phonetically means dick in Spanish.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
It is an uncomfortable situation sure but he did issue an official apology. He didn't mean any harm by it. He claimed that he was treating everybody with comfort and love. We only have this one awkward picture to judge off of so I'm not sure it's our place to just jump out and condemn the guy and also just roast people with religious authority.
There's also a video. She was clearly uncomfortable with his touching.
Oh uh uh honey, he knew exactly where he was and what he was doing. “Comfort and love” my ass. There’s video of him digging his fingers in.
&gt;He claimed that he was treating everybody with comfort and love

Was he getting side tit from anyone else?
One awkward photo? Dude there's minutes of video of him doing this? He was very aware of what he was doing. And his shit apology was basically just "I do it with everyone. Not my fault"
Right and he said MAYBE i crossed a line. Fuck outta here.
Where do you think these three pictures  were taken from? Maybe look at this [footage](https://gfycat.com/ImpassionedFirsthandGazelle) before you spew your apologistic nonsense. Also religious authority shouldn't protect someone from being criticized
The video makes it look even more uncomfortable and creepy. Ew, omg.
Did she actually say she was uncomfortable tho?

Seems like people could be making a bigger deal of this than it is.
The "apology" was him basically saying MAYBE he had crossed a line. 

Bullshit.
Your comment is a really long winded way to say,

 “that’s sexual assault.” 

You might try to be more concise.
It's obvious that she was uncomfortable, she didn't need to publicly announce it.
If by minutes you mean seconds. Dumb fuck.
She literally tried to step away multiple times, and he pulled her back into his side... don't claim we're all judging from just the pictures, there's video.
And that he might have been too "friendly". Sure glad I'm not friends with this guy
[deleted]
Is he literally squeezing her boob? From the pictures it looked like he was just going for a feel (which is still horrible) but in that footage his fingers are moving and it reaches a whole new level of awful.
No I meant minutes
Lmao as if it makes a difference if he did it for seconds or minutes, still inappropriate
Oh dear. My sincerest apologies. I had not seen the video. I saw this and saw the article. I wasn't attempting to "spew apologistic nonsense" but rather I was merely trying to urge us to understand that maybe we shouldn't be so quick judge this person as we have all made mistakes. I see now that I was mistaken and was not fully informed. I also jumped to conclusions for which I am sorry. I appreciate those of you who civilly responded and for those of you who did not I was not attempting to chastise anybody. This guy made a mistake as seemingly I did by saying this. Sorry to everyone who was angered by my foolhardy statement.
I know. Looks like he’s almost tickling it. Actually reminds me of when a cat kneads with their paws. It’s really weird.
That's exactly what I thought!
Do you see her face in that photo?  If you are ever touching someone and they make that face, they are uncomfortable.  Just a life lesson for ya.
Not at all. In fact that's victom blaming. It's not the victims responsibility to speak out in this case. People are acting as allies to support her because she can be oppressed by the power and privileged of powerful males, religion, social grooming and normalization, victim blaming, potential damage to her image and psychology. And that's just the short list off the top of my head. Educate yourself on the many reasons victims can't speak out and why if we expect that sexual assault will continue to go unaddressed.
Holy shit how dense can you possibly be
I second this completely, and it's our responsibility to make sure he is called out, not the victims. There are a multitude of reasons she may not feel she can speak up. That's why this sort of disgusting behaviour has been so successful for so long. I support your comment and have replied to the thread.
People issue official apologies all the time. Would you forgive rape or murder because there was an official apology?
Would it be better if she "issued an official" statement of uncomfortability?
It makes a huge difference.  Imagine if I unwillingly thrust my giant penis into your ass for 20 seconds or so.  Not so bad.  Now imagine if I do it for an unspecified number of minutes like the guy above did.  You might actually like it though.
He purposefully did it either way. That's the point.
I mean no harm no foul. If she didn’t feel uncomfortable as a result then does it matter?
Think of it as the equivalent of someone not pressing charges for some supposed crime.

We can’t really say if he did anything wrong if it didn’t make her uncomfortable.
Could so easily be faked by just snapping a photo at the right time
There's a whole video.  Is that fake too?  Stop being part of the problem.  Even the pervert admitted his was wrong.  Not sure why you're defending him.
She clearly felt uncomfortable. This wouldn't be an issue if she didn't.
Make this more popular than the stupid news stations talking about her skirt length.
Make victim blaming wrong again
There’s no way a news station would do that.
I mean it's all over the news already lol. Google "Aretha Franklin funeral" and it's the top result.
Yup I told I asked my dad if he heard about what happened at the funeral and first thing he said was about the skirt.  Not that he's sexist (my dad) just that's what the mainstream news covers.  Quite sad.
[removed]
What ?.. What's the connection between a known rape house and a dude just sexually assaulting someone on live TV ?

Are you saying that this dude is a known sexual assaulter and she should have known better ?? Now the question becomes why the fuck is he not in prison instead of why she went on stage.
¿
Yes, she should’ve known better than to attend Aretha Franklin’s funeral and stand next to a religious leader!!

/s 

What a stupid statement to make
It's literally the only thing that pops up when you google Ariana Grande. Dafuck you talking about?
How would skirt length have anything to do with it? Not like he grabbed from underneath.
That's like saying soldiers dying in the middle east are at fault. That's silly
Not sure if victim blaming or mocking the church
A religious leader she was likely told to stand next to by the funeral director at that.
Wait they have rape houses?
Sucks that the truth gets downvoted so hard.
I feel like they are trying to paint her in a bad was, so that if this grope hits the "news" some people will think that "she asked for it".
There's another guy talking about this in a different thread who says, because Ariana Grande didn't throw a fit and slap him down in the middle of a funeral, that she's just as bad as he is and she's enabling abusive situations.

Sometimes I just can't believe how far we still have to go.
To be fair, I know better than to be close to a Christian leader. Too many rape and molestation cases to trust being near them at all. I'd react to one of them touching me like a demon being splashed with holy water.
What the fuck is wrong with you people?
When I looked up Ariana Grande this morning, almost every article was about the backlash to her short dress. There was one article about it and this was it.

A few hours later, most of the results are about the bishop apologizing, but for some reasons the headlines seem misleading to me. A lot of them have "groping" in quotes, which makes it seem like it's up to debate whether he's groping her or not, and another one says he "grazed her breast," which is totally inaccurate and makes it seem like it was an accident.
[removed]
Is this a poorly worded joke about 99.9% of religious leaders being rapists?
yes. plaster this dude's stupid face everywhere. embarrass the fuck out of him.
&gt; Butttt, if I go into a house we're I have a 99.9% scientific chance of being raped it's kinda my fault.

/u/big_chody here with all the logic. I mean really sound logic here. ^/s
&gt; How would skirt length have anything to do with it? Not like he grabbed from underneath.

There is a large number of Americans who think that you deserve to be punished if you don't behave how they want you to behave. This includes what you wear in public. Sexual assault is a punishment for your sins of 'flirting' or 'dressing inappropriately' and should be a lesson to you about who you are and you should fix this and forget all about what happened to you.

I like to call these people shit heads.
Yeah, they're easily recognizable by their stained glass windows and large crosses.
The problem is, traditionally, victim blaming was never seen as wrong.
I think they meant that churches have a reputation and that Ariana shouldn't have gone to a funeral if she didn't want to get sexually assaulted. Still dumb victim blaming bullshit logic though.
This but unironically
I like it
Long road ahead of us
What? Her attire was inappropriate for a funeral. Nobody is saying her attire invited sexual assault.
And then there’s others saying her response was right and “classy” 🤦🏻‍♀️

Nope, her actions as a response to sexual assault are inherently correct. He is the only person who’s actions in this should be judged but people can’t help but tell a victim that they should’ve done something different.
Again?
Every thing. They’re scum.
[removed]
Well, if she would speak up against it, maybe he would have heard about
I mean on one hand, we should be teaching woman how to speak up during these scenarios. While also teaching men how to behave appropriately. 

I bet this guys thinks this behavior is “desired” by women, because the way Society teaches men not to pay attention to how women feel is disturbing. 


It needs both, men being shown/told what to look for and how to behave and woman behing empowered to speak up. 

Though that obviously doesn’t make Ariana an enabler to abusive situations. That’s ludicrous.
There's no "on one hand" about this.

Yeah, speak up. Absolutely speak up. The world needs you to speak up. But unless you are immediate danger, hang on till the end of Aretha Franklin's funeral.
Well it’s the top story about it right now and he issued an apology.
It's a tough position for her. If she speaks out, a lot of people might frame her as trying to draw attention away from the funeral itself. 

Damned if she do and damned if she don't. I wouldn't want to be in her shoes right now, and I really don't think it's fair to insinuate that it's her fault the news isn't talking about it.
It's exhausting. The state of reddit and having to defend ourselves against the weird anti-"sjw" crusades is just not worth it anymore.

Fuck me, dude.
He had zero need/reason to touch her. Her skirt length has zero relation to touching her breast.
The main stream news is for profit reality TV.

They do not report shit that is important or meant to inform people. It's real housewives type shit by the time it reaches you. 

Ariana grande wearing a shirt skirt stirs bullshit and gets clicks. Ariana Grande groped by a black pastor makes the station too uncomfortable so they decide you don't need to know all that.
Right? And I imagine her thinking wasn't "I shouldn't do anything out of respect of this funeral" I'm willing to bet it was probably more along the lines of "is this actually fucking happening right now?"
[removed]
In this day of me too and Hollywood sjw culture, I doubt anyone would have said anything about her, and the lynching of that dude would have occurred
*fucking yes*. I saw this one first, and then I saw that some news were talking how “inappropriate” her dress was. 
Like. 
**the fuck?**
It's ironic you're saying that in this comment thread of all places.
It's like how when a female teacher ducks a male student it's "intimate", and not statutory rape or sexual assault of a minor as it should be

Not making this a man c woman thing. Just saying the main stream news media is shit.
I disagree. He had the gal to grope her mid funeral, it shouldn’t be inappropriate for her to speak up and push him away. I bet Aretha wouldn’t mind.
How intelligent and badass of you! I’m sure you would definitely do this in a real life scenario and not just your limited imagination! /s
How so? Is this cnns comment page? If so, my mistake. I thought this was reddit.
I meant, although women should speak up, we shouldn’t get angry at woman for not speaking up. 

Shock can be immobilizing, even if you prepare for it.
This some bullshit to get people riled up over nothing, the same way the news talking about her dress is.
People know damn well by now that groping strangers isn't cool. Like good Lord I wasn't aware this was something we needed a class on. They *know* it's not ok to do, they just do it anyway.
Yes, definitely! I'd like to see how these people would really act if forced into a situation like that.
I feel like she can and should have called him out on it on mic, but to blame her for it is garbage behavior.
Why not both. Groping is wrong. In private or on national TV.  Dressing like a floozy to a funeral is disrespectful.
I seen someone say that she is 100% NOT being groped and it was clearly accidental.
I agree, no one has that happen to them on live TV no less knows exactly how to react or what to do. I would think stunned with no action would be a pretty normal response.
I think it's about context. I just googled her skirt to see if it was inappropriate. honestly it looks fine to me, except she's at a funeral. if it was anywhere else I would think criticisms were just sexist bullshit, but I can understand people are upset that she wore a short skirt to a funeral. people criticizing her outfit as opposed to where she wore it are insane though.
I don't think the majority have ever acted like it was wrong in practice.
[removed]
Can't forking win.

If she throw a fit, assholes gonna say "what a biiiitch" or "dat woman needs anger management. So unprofessional"

And if she doesn't, assholes gonna say "what an enabler", "she asked for it!", "just say no, wow you girls lack communication skills."
Can anyone link me to any videos of mainstream media covering her skirt... Cause I've literally not seen or heard a single complaint about it.
[removed]
Lol as if, at any point in history, blaming women for their own victimization at the hands of men has ever been frowned upon. "She shouldn't have snagged her gigantic skirt and exposed a flash of ankle!" "She shouldn't have gotten drunk!" "She shouldn't have been walking alone at night!" 

Victim blaming only recently was given a name, much less considered a shitty thing to do.
Even in this thread there are people saying she should have bitched him out at the funeral in front of everyone because he had the bad taste to do what he did at a funeral.

How do you get through to people? Man.
https://people.com/style/internet-reacts-ariana-grande-mini-dress-aretha-franklin-funeral/

I literally just googled Ariana grande dress and this was first.  U lazy
I Googled Ariana Grande and clicked "News" tab and nothing even relating to her dress being too short came up. Sooo...
In this day of you shouldn’t grope someone culture?
It's not a zero sum situation. If he does something inappropriate, that doesn't sanction other inappropriate acts.

And think for a moment: If she started shrieking about it right there and then, that's what Franklin's funeral would have been remembered for forever. 

She chose not to because she was being a real professional and thinking more about Franklin's memory than the Reddit peanut gallery.
[removed]
Teach all people how to speak up during these scenarios and teach all people how to behave appropriately. Women inappropriately touch men too. And no, men don't "always like it".
No decent person would do that in the middle of a funeral, especially for a huge music icon like Aretha. 

Ariana probably didn't want to cause a scene and knew it was not the time or place (although it would have been completely understandable if she did say something to him).
&gt; we should be teaching woman how to speak up during these scenarios

I can't blame women for not speaking up when they know people will find any reason to blame them. You only need to see this thread to know that it's a real possibility.
I'd feel the same. I'd forgive her if she did. I admire her for the fact she didn't. His actions still came to light. And none of this was her fault. She was just paying her respects to a singing legend that she loved. He took advantage of being positioned next to her. Nobody has the right to sermonize about what she "should" have done.
And honestly, her skirt is longer than normal. Not that it matters. She’s wearing a nice simple black dress, as far as I’m concerned.
We know. That was the point of that comment.
I still wished she would break his face though. This picture pisses me off.
Omg. It’s so fucking insane that she would be expected to make a huge decision to make a big deal out of something that she likely is thinking “is this really fucking happening right now?”  Then “do I make a scene at a funneral when I can confront him later?” And probably back to “wait did he just do it again?”
People have a very unrealistic understanding of what that experience is like. Too many people think "If he raped you on Thursday at lunch, before you go back to the office for the afternoon, call the cops. By Friday he'll be in a prison. What's the big deal?"

That's not quite how it goes.
While I agree with everything you've said, Id like to point out that the issue wasn't that she was wearing a short skirt in public. It was specifically that she was wearing a short skirt to a funeral, where it's generally tradition to dress more muted.

I'm all about people wearing whatever they want, but I'm also not surprised that people are choked about her wearing something traditionally seen as inappropriate to something like a funeral. That said, she can do what she wants.
Totally. I empathize with her tremendously cause it took a while for me to report that some dude was jerking off while watching me and a friend on our bikes outside a playground when I was in middle school. In the moment all I could do was laugh awkwardly, decided to leave,  and all the while my brain was blank. Asking myself if it was a big deal or a prank or just a weird thing. In hindsight, I’m glad I did report him because now, in hindsight, we were children. But initially we spoke that night and decided against doing anything for fear of getting in trouble for not telling our parents immediately. 

I can’t imagine if I had a literal spot light on me, + the pressure of a funeral + celebrity status; how I’d react.
I had an experience at 16 that I'm not going to recount here, but it took me maybe 30 years to realize that what I'd experienced was rape. 

So to at least some extent I understand what you're talking about.
I’m sorry you went through that, and I know it’s been a while, but regardless wish you peaceful days.
Thank you. Honestly, it's long, long in my past and I've been at peace with it for ages. I only mentioned it to echo and support your point that it's actually rare one knows what to do in the moment that it's happening.

And if you didn't feel enough pressure to keep quiet as it is, being in front of an entire nation at a funeral for the greatest soul singer of all time... well...
[deleted]
[removed]
I completely agree.
You'd be surprised. I actually think some men do believe "the women want it" They actually like it. It's flattering.
Not really. He said “again”.
[deleted]
I think the point was that her inappropriate attire shouldn’t be bigger news than someone assaulting her.
It was in reference to MAGA. Because America hasn’t been great. Victim blaming hasn’t been wrong. 

At least that’s how I read it.
Women can be sexist against themselves too though, as a symptom of how society is.
She physically can't tho
But is commenting on a person’s skirt really sexist? Especially when that skirt nearly shows one’s bottom and is being worn at a funeral. 

Obviously there are more important things to be focusing on (I’m looking at you, creepy groping man), but saying that an outfit is inappropriate just doesn’t scream “sexist” to me.

ETA: I really mean simply saying. Once people become verbally abusive and/or threaten physical violence it is a huge problem. Acting like because it was a church (instead of a funeral held anywhere else) is silly imo.
Share the hashtag #JusticeforAriana on social media to get this trending.
[deleted]
People.com? I was expecting CNN, ABC, FOX or NBC. Is anyone important giving this attention?
You are beyond stupid, u/Scooty-Puff-Sr_. I hope you find out out soon that blaming victims isn't appropriate. Regardless of what culture you're in. Jackass.
You don’t have to “shriek” about it. And who gives a fuck about Reddit? What about all the young women who were watching her? 

Why are woman supposed to save face in these situations? Everyone now remembers Franklin’s funeral as the time Ariana grande got groped by a pastor. It would be much better to be remembered as the time someone fought back.
Don’t forget his stupid joke about her being a Taco Bell menu item
Whoah what?
HER NAME IS GRANDE HURR DURR *grope*
He said something along the lines of “your name sounds like something new at Taco Bell” smh this guy is trash
I mean this grope is awful but that joke was decent.
The new “ girl over there lookin like a snack!!”
It was cringy as hell.
There was nothing wrong with the joke.
i chuckled a little
Wow that's actually hilarious
also in his "apology" he said he "might have crossed border" another joke
It's actually racist to consider Taco Bell "Mexican food." 

Nonetheless, he apologized to Mexicans for insulting them. And their food. Because he said "Taco Bell."
Is this a joke? I can't tell.
Its cool to not know about modern pop culture didn't you know?
Yeah seriously, name sounds more Starbucks
He said something like “when I first looked at the names on the list I saw Ariana grande and I thought that was something from a Taco Bell menu”
[removed]
Oof. I'd say don't quit your day job Bishop, but you should do that too.
The subconscious attacks again
There used to be a restaurant called Taco Grande
Not everyone is a rabid fan or a hipster who loves telling people he doesn't know some random celebrity. Some people just don't care, and they don't wonder whether or not they are cool.
tbh I'd much rather my boyfriend call me a taco bell item rather than a snack because I fuckin love taco bell
"So I heard you're a racist now father!"
The joke is about he himself being out of touch with young people stuff, so to him "Ariana Grande" has no meaning and sounds like something off a Taco Bell menu.

It's a completely harmless joke.
I mean, a jokes just a joke even if it's a bad one. What he did with regards to the groping is absolutely not ok though! She should sue him or something.
That's actually kind of funny
Has anyone told this man she's not Hispanic yet?
I hate to admit I chortled at this
Holy shit people will find anything to be offended by God damn
Lmao thats geek, hes got a point
I wouldn't say harmless considering this backlash. Personally, I just found it funny. It was only a bad thing if Ariana took offense. Of course, this was before the groping so afterwards I bet her opinion on the joke changed...

Edit: Just found out it was DURING the groping. Wtf is wrong with this guy. Thought he was just trying and failing to be funny.
It's harmless if you're stoned and talking to your friends, but it's not harmless on national TV, with the woman herself in attendance.

The joke may seem harmless if Taco Bell's menu items *are* all foreign words to you, but imagine if someone said your name sounded like it belonged on the menu at Subway. They're saying your name belongs in the category of things like "ham sandwich" and "tuna melt." *Especially* in the context of him turning her into his personal buffet later, that's particularly creepy, but even outside that, it's just rude.

There's also the fact that Taco Bell itself has a connotation of a cheap Mexican imitation, so he's associating her (and by extension, all Hispanic people -- because they could be watching) with that.

*Edit*: Hey, if I mischaracterized the reasons why, feel free to add them here. The last thing we need is now people angry at people trying to explain why people are angry.
Like this guy even cares lol
[removed]
Don't you think you're being just a bit too touchy?

I'll put it like this.. Would you at all be surprised if almost identical jokes had been made by famous comedians watched by millions?

&gt;There's also the fact that Taco Bell itself has a connotation of a cheap Mexican imitation, so he's associating her (and by extension, all Hispanic people -- because they could be watching) with that.

She's not mexican or any kind of hispanic.
Well the way you said it made it sounds harsher. 

It’s more along the lines of “when I first heard your name I thought it was a Taco Bell menu item, but now I see that you deserve more respect than that. “

I’m not trying to defend the guy but just wanna describe a more accurate picture.
This isn't a comedian. It's a bishop at a woman's funeral. Context matters, that's what I'm trying to say.
People make jokes at funerals all the time. It's part of the gig.
Ah okay that’s my bad. Thanks for clarifying.
People usually don't have those crappy jokes written by a non-comedian broadcast on live TV, with the subject of the joke in attendance, though.

Also, again, context: this guy went on to grab her boob, so now we're dissecting everything that happened. I don't really care about the Taco Bell joke. I mean, it's not great that he made it (it's just not a very good joke), but I'm not incensed about that.

You called it harmless, so I tried to explain where the harm is, as I see it.
&gt;so now we're dissecting everything that happened

No you're just blowing a storm out of nothing. The groping is the issue. You're reaching so hard trying to demonize every single thing this guy ever did.

He told a joke. The punchline was about him being out of touch. Not her name. Or her non-existent Hispanic heritage. The audience laughed. It was an alright joke.

Stop focusing on meaningless shit.
Like I said, I don't even care about the joke. I was just explaining why other people care about it to you. I'm not sure if you "got" that from my last post, so I'm repeating it here, but otherwise if the debate continues along these lines, I'll let someone who actually does care take the reins.
hi taco bell
How am I supposed to know that your posts don't reflect your own opinions when you never indicated otherwise.
[deleted]
Because I have now told you. I didn't mean to lead you on. Just stepped in for the part I felt informed/interested in discussing, and am now stepping out for the part that I don't.

*Edit*: To be clear, as soon as you indicated you thought these were my opinions, I tried to dispel that. But this isn't a personal debate for me. This is literally you said "This joke was harmless," and me thinking, "Well, people probably think the association with Taco Bell is cheap and lazy," and commenting something to that effect.
Everyone in this thread is offended af by what I'm assuming was an accident in which a preacher put his hand around where a non 5'0" woman's waist would be. But no, it couldn't be an accident. Those don't happen in the real world. Instead, we are going to assume this preacher intentionally tried to grab her breasts on live TV at Aretha Franklin's funeral. Because somehow Reddit thinks that's the more reasonable explanation.
It's racist.
[deleted]
"I’ve got to apologize because, I have to brush up. My 28-year-old daughter tells me, ‘Dad. You are old at 60.’ When I saw Ariana Grande on the program, I thought that was a new something at Taco Bell. ”
Exactly. Men are predators waiting for their chance to molest women according to people here. People are seriously going as far as saying he gets off on the power, we should get his name out to get him fired, and that he probably does this to women all the time. What insane conclusions to jump to from a handful of carefully selected screenshots.
How so? Pretty sure she's Italian, not Mexican.
What does that have to do with anything? The fact that his mind immediately goes to "Taco Bell" when he hears a Spanish surname is racist as fuck
Pretty sure that's not racist.
I'm Latino and I'm saying it's racist.
Somehow they think all of those assumptions are more reasonable then it being an accident. Blows my mind. People are going to completely destroy this man's reputation and life based off assumptions. The fuck is this world coming to.
She's been in the spot light a few times, most recently from the bombing that occurred at her contest. It's still understandable that he wouldn't recognize her name but that doesn't change the fact that what he said was disrespectful, and at a funeral of all places
I'm Latino as well. It's not racist.
A failed attempt at a racist joke in between boob grabs.
His "apology" came less than an hour after CNN made it a huge story. He didn't apologize to Ariana, he just made a statement basically saying "oops". If that's not damage control...
Excellent summary
"It's the Chinese he's after."
You are the one who seems to be focused on meaningless shit. No need to defend a dumb joke.
[removed]
Classic Democrat Privilege.  

- molest women in public on the biggest stage
- makes racist jokes

If he was an (R) the internet would be on fire.  Instead people are just "kind of upset".
https://gfycat.com/ImpassionedFirsthandGazelle
Or it's just simple word association due to Taco Bell having a lot of items with "grande" in the name. It's not racist just because a couple words remind him of similar words being used elsewhere.

It'd be racist if he saw her name and was like "I bet you eat a lot of tacos".
&gt; but now I see that you deserve more respect than that

Proceeds to do absolute opposite
And what makes it even more offensive is that she's Italian.
The amount of people offended by this joke is too damn high. How is this racist? There's been plenty of items at TB with "grande" in the name. Just seems like a bad dad joke that people are taking way too personally.
The only thing i remember about her is licking the donut and insulting Americans
Hm, can we get a third Latino to weigh in on this as a tie breaker?
Wait shes not?
She's Italian
im latina  Its mothafucking racist.
If it wasn't the case of grabbing some, I'd say the joke is fine. Sure it's crude but it wouldn't be viral without the boob grab. Not saying it should be brushed under the rug. Hell, comedians throw stuff like this...AND IT'S PAID AND PROMOTED. Let's stay focused on him being a pervert.
I’m Latino, it’s not racist
This guy is an asshole, but that joke is not bad. In the right context and delivery though.
"How did ya get interested in that sort of thing?"
When I was drunk one time this guy called me a snickers bar. I got really upset cause I thought he was saying I was fat.
but did i ask u? its racist
Further adds to him treating her like dollar menu meat.
Or nutty
[deleted]
That's not how that works.
"Should we all be racist too father?"
She's just very Italian.
[removed]
What??? They have shit on the menu with the word grande.. Jesus dude, you are a little too pc.
[removed]
He said it meant I was hot. I wasn’t buying that at all.
Latinas votes count as half a vote. 

/S
That's not even a joke, it's what you say when you've crossed a figurative boundary
https://www.reddit.com/r/savedyouaclick/comments/9aob7g/heres_what_happens_when_you_order_an_ariana/
Is she in the process?
Come on that’s kind of funny
[removed]
you got a little penis. /S
You're really sensitive aren't you?
oh u didnt see the /S ?
Yeah I did. It stands for "salty" right?
Takes a lot of skill to be racist, objectify a woman, and sexually harass her, at a funeral in front of millions of people. Definition of hubris this fucking guy.
Yikes! That’s full on negging, too, like, “Oh, never heard of you! I thought you sounded like a trash-snack! Anyway, here, let me grope your tater tot on national television at a funeral of an incredible public figure!”
Acting like he hasn't fapped to her.  Trying to act like a man his age (not knowing who Ariana Grande is); but failing miserably.
Exactly!
You've got video proof of him groping her boob her you need to bring up a harmless joke to call him trash?

Wtf is your thought process lmao
He apparently said how his daughter was talking about her and said how he thought an Ariana Grande was “something new at Taco Bell.”
Like when you're at a club

Fuck he doing pick up lines at a funeral?
If you think that’s racist you’re going to have a hard time living in this world
Yea...he really doubled down.
No point in debating when people are just going to post cropped and purposely misleading pics/clips. Her shaking her head fits the narrative you're pushing but isn't related.
The guys a dick but if you watch the footage, it wasn't like that.  He was joking how out of touch he is with pop music, and gave her praise directly after it.

He's still a massive prick for feeling her up though
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
You could just tell how incredibly uncomfortable she was, yet she maintained composure. Her body language and her words were polar opposites.
Many many many women learned at a very young age how to do this.
also she was in public so its all the more sick of him to do that, knowing she’d be uncomfortable making a scene
Basically all women do. It's just another part of life.
Uh, no. I'm going to go out on a limb and say that not 100% of women are sexually assaulted.
Maybe, but most of us have had something like this happen to us. It's happened to me more than once, by multiple people (worse too). Conversations with friends have taught me I don't know a single woman who hasn't been groped like this at least once.
[According to Rainn.org](https://www.rainn.org/statistics/scope-problem)  

“1 out of every 6 American women has been the victim of an attempted or completed rape in her lifetime (14.8% completed, 2.8% attempted).4”

So yeah, I’d say many women are victims or know someone who is.
And honestly I think seeing it is part of the pleasure for some of the people who do this stuff. I was working nights at a hotel a few years back and some older guys from a party kept walking through and hanging around by the desk making crude, disgusting comments about me. I was quite frightened and flustered as I was the only staff member on site, but it was my first week solo so I didn't know what I was supposed to or allowed to do about them. I had the distinct sense that they found my discomfort very funny, a sort of shared joke between the two of them. And then a third guy came over and told them it was obvious how uncomfortable they were making me and to knock it off. 

That guy was awesome. I was so grateful. But he also reinforced how *clear* my discomfort was and how it must also have been obvious to the guys doing it. I really think a lot of harassers either specifically get off on the discomfort or find it hilarious.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not sexually assaulted, but I think almost every girl or woman sometime in her life has been made uncomfortable by unwanted touch or suggestions and wasn't sure if it was normal or acceptable and just had to pretend it didn't bother them to not make a scene.

Example, one time when i was around 15, a male high school teacher invited me to his house to swim in his pool (just me and no one else). I was very uncomfortable but didn't know that it was inappropriate and that I was allowed to say no. I thought it would offended him if I said "no, I don't want to". So I shrugged and hid my discomfort and quickly left and hoped he'd not bring it up again. I didn't know I was allowed to say no and he was in the wrong, I thought I would get called out for being rude. We were taught to obey our elders (i was raised in a hick rural Christian town) and didn't know that they could be inappropriate and wrong until later.
And then there are the whistles, the cat calls (which often start as early as 12) and the oh-so-innocent touches (like in the OP). 

No, gladly, not every woman has suffered through rape, but almost every woman has suffered sexual misconduct at some level.
A person shouldn't need to remain composed when they are being sexually assaulted.
I think she wanted to keep her composure because it would seem inappropriate to scold someone especially at a funeral, but then she (as we all do) expect that that much boob groping isn't appropriate, especially at a funeral.
[deleted]
That is so sad.
I think its more situational as in everyone is different. I had a chick 6 years older than me stick her tongue down my throat when i was like 11 after she got done doing it to her boyfriend and my friend. I dont hold anything against her because i know shit happens and she apologized years later.
This is terrible! Now come here give me a hug
Exactly, i keep seeing in this thread thaAt this is seen as a Normal response. Its 2018, i think most people would want you to say something if someone is sexually assaulting you.
Yes, for those moments they feel they have power over us. Power to make us uncomfortable, afraid, and in some cases, the power to act in a way that confirms the fear we feel.  It's a moment when they feel totally in control of someone else's reality. Disgusting.
[deleted]
This is true for men too though.
I think both. I work front desk, too, and had some older guys make jokes about me coming up to the room later, and I was so "???" that I laughed, yet vaguely aware that I also totally found it *not* funny, while also following along the joke and making it clear by saying I was not going up to the room later. Once the whole ordeal was over I was actually really bothered by the fact that no one spoke up for them to stop (neither my coworkers or other guys from the group), but I also knew that if I had said something, *I* would have been the downer, *I* would have been the sensitive one, *I* wouldn't have known how to take a joke.

It's for this reason that I honestly don't like working with groups of men at the desk. No offense to all the good guys out there.
[deleted]
I've been a barman and had my ass and dick grabbed multiple times by random strangers, it's not just women who get unwanted attention thanks.

I agree she should call him out for it now, but in this case I believe she did the right thing in ignoring it at the time. You're at a funeral, everything about those few hours should be in tribute to the deceased. If she'd had lashed out at him suddenly the both of you become the focus of the event.

Yes getting groped sucks and shouldn't happen, but it doesn't suck so much that I'd want to ruin the funeral and ruin the family's last memories of their loved one.

She should absolutely call him out for it now though
Many, yes. Maybe you missed the part where they said **every**.
What's your point?
[deleted]
So in other words you couldn't stick up for yourself and a man had to do it for you.
What on earth do you get out of dedicating so much time to being an unpleasant little troll?
You don't know what you're talking about. Not every woman has been or will be raped but almost all women have had to deal with unwanted advances, catcalling, groping, sexist remarks and other bullshit simply for daring to exist.

Men very frequently turn violent when women reject their advances or don't react in the way they expect and women have had to learn how to escape from those situations without being mentally or physically harmed. Women are often considered objects or non-human and plenty of people feel that they're entitled to women's bodies, time, attention, etc.

It's easy for men to be ignorant about this kind of constant and pervasive sexism and gender-based violence because men can simply choose not to see or experience it. Please educate yourself so you can help stop the cycle of sexist behavior, remarks and violence that many women face on a daily basis. 

You, as a man, can be a strong ally for equality and making women's lives safer. If you hear sexist remarks about women, put an end to it. If you see a woman being harassed, help her. Consider whether you have unexamined biases against women and work to erase them (this is not a slight on you, many people have biases they're unaware of but unconsciously allow to inform their opinions). If you can, volunteer in ways that will make women's lives better. Right now, you're ignorant about the kinds of violations and abuses that women experience. But you can change that, and you can make the world a better place for women.
&gt;Any dude that wants to disagree has never and will never have a leg to stand on in that argument bc they’ve never been there nor can their anecdote support it

Well, guess you're right and my experiences don't matter!

I'm saying as a person who has been groped, in reference to another person who has been groped, talking to you who I assume has also been groped, that this specific moment was not the time to lash out. This was the time for professionalism and respect, before absolutely later seeking justice.

Please leave your or my gender out of this, both men and women have these experiences and are allowed to have opinions
[deleted]
My point is that the people responding to the person above all make it seem like it's exclusive to women, and they try to insinuate that men wouldn't be empathetic because it never happens to them. Clearly, women are just as unempathetic as men, because a lot of women don't even realize that this sort of thing doesn't only happen to them.
rainn's sources and how they gather information is such fucking garbage lmao
#/s
That bit in bold could be flipped around and be just as valid tbh. Not to say you're one of the batshit crazy men hater members (and you certainly don't seem to be one) but can you really blame someone for being skeptical of you when many who claim to be on the same side as you blatantly ignore their hypocrisy to the extent of genuine harrassment?
He wants someone to screenshot his comment history so he can be the next big thing on this sub
You think I'm saying Ariana should wait till after the funeral to seek justice because she is small and physically weak?

Did you just suggest it was worse having your boobs or vagina grabbed than my penis to the extent that I couldn't possibly empathise?

did you just suggest that I wouldn't support Ariana if she decides to call him out?

Because that is all bizarrly and categorically false.
I wish I could tell younger me to push back on this kind of behavior. I had a strong “freeze” instinct and thus went through a lot of physically uncomfortable situations. It’s horrifying.
It's not that easy at all when you've been told your whole life to be quiet, not make trouble, and not hurt other people's feelings. This is DEEPLY ingrained in girls from early childhood.
How is anyone above making it seem like it's exclusive to women?
At the same time we are discouraging these types of harrassment, we should be encouraging others to help in these situations. 

Oftentimes the victim feels powerless and out-numbered, but with a little help -even from a kind stranger- they can take control.

I’m so glad Terry Crews has come forward to shine light on this; too many people still blame the victim for being “weak”. No one should have to stand alone.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because most of the examples given are given as an examples of how women are put into uncomfortable situations, when the exact same thing is also happening to men but there is no mention of it ever happening to men.
[deleted]
Like i said, everyone is different. That makes no fuckin sense, people allowing it isnt the reason why it happens. A lot of shit isnt ***allowed*** but still goes on so wtf do you say to that, feminist?
Do we have to mention men every time? Do we have to mention men whenever we talk about women? Do we have to mention men whenever we talk about uncomfortable situations?
Well then I would've led with that comment. "This has nothing to do with being a woman."
This is EXACTLY how it feels for men, but you are too oblivious to realize this even though this is the third comment of mine you're responding to.
[deleted]
You didn't answer any of my questions. Are you just ignoring me?
You are so right. It is definitely a power/humiliation thing for some sickos.
If it wasn't clear enough, I just turned the question around and gave you the opportunity to answer it yourself. The answer is that whenever something like this happens to men it devolves into a discussion about women, but whenever this happens to women and someone mentions men they are labelled as insensitive for only thinking about men.
Very clever. I guess that as long as the derailments and whataboutisms are *consistent* then we can say whatever we want.
Who in this modern era is saying that is my point? If anything people are being more encouraged than ever to speak out which is great. Its gonna take some time, but this kind of thing will hopefully slow down with more people talking
You are well within your rights to find a way to verbally express your distaste. Please find it.  Silence equals acquiescence.
&gt;DEEPLY ingrained

Would it be fair to say that such training is nearly *global* for girls?
I think Arethra Franklin would have definitely approved if she called him out on live TV.
I can't count how many times my ass has been slapped in social situations, and I'm a dude. At least no one has massaged my taint or grabbed my dick.
[removed]
Lol your post history shows me you're not even worth responding to further. You're naive and your comments aren't very well thought out.
Well yeah, kind've have to stick up for yourself now and then
&gt;Men very frequently turn violent when women reject their advances

Oh boy, gonna need some stats on that one bruv.
&gt; Any dude that wants to disagree has never and will never have a leg to stand on in that argument bc they’ve never been there nor can their anecdote support it

That is one of the dumbest things I have ever read.
I wonder whom she was looking at once she got up there. She kept looking behind him at someone/something.
It's like, why even go there? What the hell does your opinion on how much sexual assault "counts" depending on the gender of the victim have to do with this incident?
I believe it is important to evaluate arguments as they stand without character attacks or the genetic fallacy. Not arguing whether or not he is correct, however, just that post history is irrelevant a majority of the time.
One time i was at a bar and there was a band playing and the singer kept walking around the bar while singing and every time put his hand on my shoulder and i was visibly repulsed and pulled away EVERY TIME and said “could you fucking not” BUT HE KEPT IT UP AND SEEMED TO THINK IT WAS FUNNY. Fuck that guy. Can literally not hear the song uptown funk without feeling a little nauseous. Even though all he was doing was touching my shoulder, he still was violating my space and touching me without permission.
The sexes are segregated. Men grow up with other men, and women are basically aliens.
Yeah, it happens to men too and none of that is okay. It can happen in a good natured spirit where nobody feels violated of course but I feel like boundaries have already been clearly established in situations where it's okay (like my best friend could slap me on the butt and I probably wouldn't mind for example). I wasn't trying to leave men out, just responding to a comment being cynical about how many women run into these types of situations :).
Are you shitting me? People are harassing you over this post? Wtf guys.
So you think the young girls of today, aRE being told to keep quiet? If the me to movement shows anything it shows that we as a society want more people to speak out to help end this
&gt; almost all women have had to deal with unwanted advances, catcalling, groping, sexist remarks and other bullshit

When you get as vague as "sexist remarks and other bullshit" then almost all men have had to deal with that too.

&gt;Men very frequently turn violent when women reject their advances

That's obviously an extreme exaggeration and you don't need to make stuff up to make your point.

&gt;Women are often considered objects or non-human

Again, that's so obviously not true. Women are often considered non-human? What the fuck are you talking about? Again, there's a decent point here but it's hidden under all the crazy bullshit about most men being violent abusers and thinking women are non-human. Like, what the fuck does that even mean?

&gt;If you hear sexist remarks about women, put an end to it. If you see a woman being harassed, help her.

Yup, already do that, although I rarely encounter stuff like that because I tend to not hang out around assholes.
Society does not tolerate the weak even though it may show surface level empathy. You are (I assume) a grown ass adult. Don't rely on others to come to your rescue.I am far from little. I know karate and I'm probably way fatter than you so don't talk tough on the internet calling people trolls because we all know in real life you are as timid as a mouse.
&gt; get off on the discomfort or find it hilarious.

exactly how a bully's mind works.
Yeah, and I think that's an important point to make. Just because it's sexual in context doesn't mean at its root it isn't just basic schoolyard bullying: "look at the power I have over you." "It's funny to watch people squirm." "I'm just joking, can't you take a joke?"
Yeah, don't let any piece of shit male chauvinist pig talk to you like that. You deserve better, sugartits.

(Kidding, seriously those guys were jerks.)
[deleted]
Many many many men are such filthy rapists
I doubt it.
[deleted]
Did you look at it? He refers to people as pussies and other such bullshit. Sorry nope.
It is scary and intimidating in the moment, but I will try. Thank you for the encouragement and truth.
For sure. Helping another in those situations is so significant and encourages the person being harassed to speak out. Thank you!
[removed]
It is 100% a power trip. They know they won't be denied and it gets them off.
Yeah for sure I'm just saying too many people out there grope. Even women *to* men. I don't want some gnarly troll grabbing my ass.
That's how they get women to be "cool" with their shitty behaviour, by telling us we have no sense of humour, can't take a joke, being bitchy, etc. 

Sad thing is, it works with a lot of women. They force a strained laugh to fit in and tell themselves it's just "Boys being boys."
Maybe it might be a good idea to keep a can of pepper spray behind the counter. I'm just imagining now being alone at night as the sole clerk--and, yeah, that would give me pause.  

Women have some male allies--many--but we gotta' use our voices to stop perpetuating our own victimhood.  The overarching pattern is that a loud and assertive *No!* will get a would-be predator (of animal or human animal variety) to go elsewhere.

Progress is happening. Thank you for hearing my intent u/buttassassin.
Correct. I think many of us have experienced a man putting his arm around our waists and going for some “subtle” side boob. Spoilers creeps: we can fucking tell, even when we don’t draw attention to it.
At a fucking funeral. Are you really going to make a scene at a funeral?
That's wild. Those morons are only helping you prove your point. Also I love how 'men get harassed too!' only seems to be brought up in retaliation to women getting harassed. Plus half the time it's probably made by the same men who will tell actual male victims of female sexual harassment, or worse, that they would have appreciated the attention.
Wait, y'all had an Uncle grabby too?
xDDDD no one is thinking this is ok behaviour though so  why would you expect to get called crazy?
[deleted]
Look, guys! I found Sensei Billy's latest strip mall black belt! Dwight would be so proud.
I would also encourage people in similar situations to fight back. They make you feel uncomfortable, make them feel more uncomfortable by calling them out on it. Most of these people keep doing it since nobody ever challenges them. While I agree we should discourage bad behavior and encourage other people to help, you can't always rely on people to step in on your behalf or for terrible people to not be terrible people. Also a lot of times it's more risky and uncomfortable for a stranger to stick up for you then for you to stick up for yourself.
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;Any dude that wants to disagree has never and will never have a leg to stand on in that argument bc they’ve never been there nor can their anecdote support it.

Ah, good to know that an older girl that I barely knew stuffing her hand down the front of my jeans, trying to literally open my belt right there in public and trying to stuff her tongue down my throat while her friends were there laughing about it isn't *real* harassment because I have a dick.

A true fighter for equality you are.
[removed]
i felt so bad for her, her body langauge and when she puts her head down in disgust, she was screaming on the inside.
Thats nice that another man was kind enough to save you :)
Leave it to someone preaching this whiny bullshit to play victim. Nobodys harassing you. You're making this up for victim points. Fucking woman holy shit.
[deleted]
&gt;Also I love how 'men get harassed too!' only seems to be brought up in retaliation to women getting harassed

Seems to be only on the comments where the OPs gang up with "men don't know this experience" type comments, like the above. Which is disregarding the feelings of other victims as well.

&gt;Plus half the time it's probably made by the same men who will tell actual male victims of female sexual harassment, or worse, that they would have appreciated the attention.

Point proven.
[deleted]
Kudos to that guy! Wish I had someone like that at my job to step up for me. One time stocking candy at Blockbuster I had a man lean over and whisper in my ear how delicious the candy looked (har har). As a victim of sexual abuse and because it came out of nowhere as my back was turned to him, I freaked the hell out. I scooped up the candy, hurried to the back room and cried for a while before I felt composed enough to go back out to the floor. Meanwhile I was frantically texting my fellow shift lead asking him to cover the rest of my shift. He had plans of course, so I had to finish the rest of my shift suffering from panic attacks.

Thanks, asshole.
Irrelevant.
It’s because that’s what you do when you don’t want to die
Many times the risks you take when you stand up for yourself aren't known. You don't know whether the person "joking" will react with shame or further aggression or maybe even violence. It's not fair to put the responsibility on the person being harassed. Often being outnumbered can make a harasser back down, and it helps the victim feel safer.
Really surprised? Have you seen the shitty half of reddit. Remember that there are multiple subreddit cult followings for Trump
Nah dude. Freezing when shit goes down is a completely natural response. Fight, flight or freeze. 

Watching the video you can tell he's pretty seasoned at this kind of move too. 

 https://www.reuters.com/article/us-people-aretha-franklin-funeral-bishop/bishop-sorry-for-embrace-of-ariana-grande-at-aretha-funeral-report-idUSKCN1LH3PK
I had the exact see thing happen to me (but in a small auditorium at a business conference I was doing tech support for) and you're spot on with the reaction. There's a moment of shock where I thought "wait, is that actually happening?" Followed by about a second to decide how to react. In the moment it makes more sense to just try to pull away vs causing a scene, and that's why people know they can do this kind of shit.
I know for a fact that if I were her, I wouldn't have said a word. I think she has every right to do so, but I would be frozen and thinking "is this actually happening?" and feeling violated and be too scared/embarrassed to make a scene.
I’m not sure why you’re even being downvoted.  You’re opinion and experiences should matter. Reddit is a strange place,
I worked the front desk at a hotel at nights while In college. I’m a guy and older cougar type women loaded up on wine would regularly make jokes about taking me up to their room. Even had one reach over the counter and kiss me on the hand and wink.
Women do it too. As I mentioned I worked the front desk of a hotel while in college and older women would joke about taking me up to their rooms with them when I’d ask if they needed anything else.(I’m a guy)
She’s young, though, certainly not as confident and secure as Mel B.

Edit: Also, it’s *Aretha Franklin’s funeral*, not another episode of X-Factor.
[deleted]
I dunno, that stammering was pretty on par with being super uncomfortable
Sure they do
Your ostracizing argument and negative bais towards men is why you're being "harassed" in this thread. Look at all the comments from men rebutting your insane assertion that men couldn't possibly know what it's like. Every one of those comments got downvoted, as I'm sure this one will too. You're doing a disservice to your cause...no no...OUR cause, by making idiotic assumptions that men could never have possibly experienced anything like you have. I had a male friend that wouldn't stop touching me, or acting like he was going to touch me, because apparently he found my reaction to be amusing or something. It made my fucking blood boil. I told him to stop on probably a dozen different occasions, and eventually I had enough, so I punched him as hard as I could in the stomach, and guess what...I was the asshole to our group of friends. You REALLY think I don't know what it's like to be sexually harassed and just have to deal with it? Pull your head out of your ass, you fucking clown. You are the hypocritical outrage culture that fox news loves to mock, and it's pretty destructive to actually solving the issue.
Also irrelevant.
Ugh Schroeder's douche, I hate it.
You sound single.
It's not unprofessional to ask someone not to grope you.

What *is* unprofessional is groping someone. It's shocking that there are more people here talking about how she handled it than there are talking about that guy being a total scumbag.
You are absolutely right. Thank you.
I think she means guys that have never experienced sexual harassment who think they know what they're talking about when it comes to women experiencing harassment. 

It's obvious that a guy who has been sexually harassed, such as yourself, has a high chance of empathizing with the experience of not doing anything during their time being molested and Im positive she is aware of that.
What's whiny about something completely true.
People keep saying this like it's a win (yes, you phrased this all sweet with a smiley but I see what you're getting at), like I was insulting men in my post. But no, it WAS nice of him. They were bullies and he was a nice person. I was a young woman, alone, sure that I'd be fired if I said anything to them. And they wouldn't have listened to me anyway. Bullies don't listen when their target tells them to knock it off. 

He was another man. He was their friend. He was EXACTLY the kind of person they're most likely to listen to, and that's precisely what's needed in cases like this. It needs someone these kinds of people respect to tell them it's wrong. I'm very grateful that he did.
lol seriously? Don't be so disingenuous
This entire thread is how the bishop is being a total creep. That is established and everyone agrees. What people are apparently disagreeing over is whether she should have slapped him in the face there and then or whether she should have waited until after the funeral had ended before formally seeking justice. Both sides have pros and cons which is what is sparking the discussion.
I'm here after the edit but telling men they can never truly empathize with a woman and then telling them that women will support them if they just listen.... fuck that's not cool
I would. And I am sorry for her that she felt she couldn’t. No such thing as a ‘scene’ when you’re being sexually assaulted. If I wasn’t 100% sure I’d still push him away slowly. I hope she doesn’t have to tolerate such behaviour on a regular basis. =_=
If you aren't willing to take the risk to stand up for yourself, what makes you think random strangers are going to take a risk to stand up for you? You're right that it's not fair. Nothing about the situation is fair. People shouldn't be harassed  by strangers in the first place. That fact is standing up for yourself is always risky. It's not going to be easy and it probably  won't end as a "then everyone stood up and slow clapped" story. Chances are if you stand up for yourself the harasser may just get angrier. And you might go home and feel frustrated and embarrassed, but that harasser is also going to go home and next time he thinks of picking on someone he's going to remember YOU and that time when someone stood up to him and it's going to make him think harder about harassing random people because now he's  considering the possibility of opposition. Also pick your battles. If you suspect people are going to get violent with you then either try to deescalate or call the police. Dont put anybody's lives at risk. Also I think it would be even more unfair to ask a random passerby to interject themselves into a situation that you think could escalate to violence.
You know that ‘second’ we take to consider how to react, I think it’s because as women we are brought up with ideas that if you make a scene, you’re being a ‘drama queen’, ‘attention seeking’, or my all time favourite, ‘hysterical’. I have felt angry with myself when things like this happened to me and my first thought was to brush it off and just move away from the perpetrator, giving him the idea that he can continue this kind of behaviour with other women.
And isn’t that just a sad fucking truth. We can send people for space exploration but we just can’t stop groping unwilling women, eh.
Both, my friend. Sorry you had to experience that.
Buzzkill, I hate that word after going through too many of these incidents. Like our lives aren’t hard enough that they have to make us feel like shit and then we also have to laugh about it.
“Oh, I can see why you think I would have sex with you just because I have lady parts AND a job. Fucking hilarious.’
Thank you so much and please don’t leave because of some scummy individuals. I too have been called ‘uptight’ and ‘making a big deal when men get harassed by women as well’, or another classic ‘I don’t abuse women so why should I be apologetic on behalf of other men’ bs. No one is asking all men to feel guilty, but have some fucking empathy. Hell, if they want us to, I’m sure we’ll fight for their rights as well.
The fact that you ignored the first part of that sentence where she says ‘any dude that disagrees..’ fills me with so much sadness and disappointment.
[removed]
Yup. I’m originally from south-east asia, where a lot of men go to crowded shopping centres just to ‘cop a feel’ or bump into girls/women for sexual gratification. I was told this is normal, but as I grew older I realised my generation of girls were not cool with it so we started grabbing the bastards and hitting them with our shoes. I, personally, slapped a guy after he pinched my 13yr old cousin’s bottom. 

Coming back to the point, when I moved to Europe I thought I had finally left behind such crude and blatant sexism, but nope. Don’t get me wrong, I wasn’t naive to think it wouldn’t exist, but I didn’t realise how much women here are taught to deal with this crap just as much. At university, work place, hell, even in parliament.
.... you do understand that saying any male who disagrees has an invalid opinion while trying to advocate for mutual support is where the problem lies?

The result of this in the full context you're eager to highlight is that if I as a male were to voice support for a victim or that I wouldn't think Ariannas crazy for calling out this perv then it's because I don't truly understand that all men support sexual assault. 

No one is saying it's not really fucking hard to call out attackers or to endure the mess that ensues, but saying that men are entirely incapable of empathizing with women is outright alienating and fosters the division between the genders which they then go on to support a couple sentences later. 

The fact that you can't see that that is off-putting is saddening and disappointing
It was a ridiculous statement that deserved a ridiculous response.
Right? As if that makes it okay. I wish I'd spoken up for myself in the moment, but now all I can is watch out for another incident. Im glad to know I wasn't crazy or delusional, though.
Ugh. That's disgusting. I'm sorry they did that to you. I can't imagine how uncomfortable that made you. You'd think older people would have a better sense of these types of remarks.
Don't understand why these experiences of sexual assaults are being downvoted. I mean, any reasonable person can agree that any kind of assault is wrong, no matter the gender/background/ethnicity etc. Still don't see that, even if these people disagree with OP's comment, are being downvoted. It makes it seem like their experiences don't matter, which is kind of hypocritical.
It was uncomfortable but I did take one up on her offer one night and had some fun.
Do you disagree that that's a defense mechanism? To smile politely and pray it ends soon.
[removed]
I've only ever once slapped a man, and did it with a cupped hand (somehow instinctively). It made it louder, and in that moment, he needed to be embarrassed.

He had made an extremely rude gesture at me while no one else was looking.  I had some 'splaining to do about why I had slapped him but I did not regret it.

Thanks for sharing your story.
Of course I don't. That's literally what I did in the situation. Which makes the part I quoted even dumber.
Literally everyone does. Its called being part of life
Yeah, but what they're saying is to any dude who disagrees. (Yeah it's pointlessly sexist for no fucking reason, but...)

That's why so many reasonable responses are being downvoted.
lmao ok nerdy math guy
You seem to have completely misunderstood her comment. Let's break it down, shall we? First she says

&gt;It’s our defense mechanism. Because lashing out has told us we’re crazy if we make a big deal about it, or worse, there’s further consequences by the abuser. It’s horrible.

Then she says

&gt;Any dude that wants to disagree has never and will never have a leg to stand on

It's really not rocket science to see that she is talking about people who disagree with her first sentences, despite your attempts to make a strawman argument for the sake of being sanctimonious. She isn't saying that men can't empathize with women, but that men can't disagree with her first sentences while remaining credible, since women facing negative consequences for calling attention to sexual harassment is very well documented.
&gt;Look at all the comments from men rebutting your insane assertion that men couldn't possibly know what it's like. Every one of those comments got downvoted, as I'm sure this one will too. 

Because they're missing the point either because they are oblivious or they want something to be outraged about (the irony of you making a strawman argument to be upset about, and then complaining about outrage culture is delicious). In case you're actually interested in getting an intelligent understanding of the parent comment, OP is saying that men can't claim that women don't face consequences for calling out sexual harassment because those men haven't had to face those situations. Obviously a man who *has* been sexually harassed won't claim such a thing (unless they are truly moronic).
An angry comment towards a woman from someone who frequently posts on MGTOW? Colour me completely unsurprised
I understand the argument, and I'm saying she's wrong. Here's an example of why:

https://www.theguardian.com/film/2017/oct/11/actor-terry-crews-sexually-assaulted-by-hollywood-executive
Omg he actually is kneading his fingers into her.  She turns her body entirely towards him all the way to obviously try and break context and as soon as she faces back again....his fingers are groping her!  (Also as a side note;  Bill Clinton was practically drooling with that weird, open-mouth smile he was doing the entire time Ariana was there, along with the staring at her ass and looking her up and down. How has he not learned to be less creepy by now???)
[deleted]
U/The_Bravinator Look at his history.  He posts comments like this all the time hoping to get attention, especially about this situation.  He posts the same thing too that he clearly thinks is funny though no one else thinks so.  He also posts a lot about gaming. So I’m sure he’s a kid in a dark room that doesn’t come into context with women very often .
Yeah, how sad that that's how they spend their life.
2383 upvotes.... and I'm at -52

That's reddit for ya
When this story first broke I really thought it was a bunch of over-exaggeration, but the still shots like that are pretty hard to argue with
[Watching the hand creep around is pretty damning too](https://gfycat.com/ImpassionedFirsthandGazelle)
Is there a non-related reason for those movements she makes after his hand, or are those directly related to it? Either way, atrocious behaviour from him.
This is the thing. He didn't throw an arm around her without really looking and it just landed there...

He worked his hand up and forward in that area. Zero reason to really do that beyond trying to grab some boob.
Watch the video. That fucking creep needs his ass handed to him.
Oh wow that’s creepy... I can understand if he grabbed there and backed off because that’s an accident... but those creeping fingers up the side tiddy are not what Jesus died for.
I think she was playing along pretty well with pretending it wasn't happening and most of her movements and words are related to what he is saying.
That's actually creepy wtf. I would've loved to have seen her slap his hand and brought it to attention.
According to Christians, sins like this is exactly what he died for.
Yeah, after reviewing it further I definitely realize it's not anything that can be explained away, the dude needs consequences for sure

What those consequences should be I don't know. I would say whatever public reckoning he is about to receive is probably a good start, although I suspect the folks he ministers to will find a way to pretend this never happened pretty soon. I'm also guessing that criminal action is probably not something that will happen unless the person who was assaulted pursues it, and I don't think the onus for justice should be on them at that point as they are the victim in this case, but more power to her if she does. I just hope that at the end of the day this does not end up being swept under the rug, especially considering that if someone is that blatant about something this disgusting, this can't possibly be the first time something like this or even worse has happened
Oh geeze, that's bad. I feel bad for her
bwahaha
If we don't sin then Jesus died for nothing.
It’s not just a hand creep, you can actually see his thumb get under her boob so he can fucking squeeze it.
If he didn’t mean to to that he would have apologized to her immediately and removed his hand. Instead he made the creepy fondling fingers.
This is sickening. Poor girl. I hope he gets what he deserves.
"Impassioned Firsthand Gazelle," I couldn't agree more.
Many of those still shots are when her body is moving downward falling. His hand is in a terrible spot and shouldn't be there but the movements and close ups ignore this fact.
Jeez. She's like trying to move around too and like a snake, he squeezes tighter
Damn.
What...the hell...
It looked bad in the image but holyyyyyyyy fuck.
eeeeeeeeeesssssh, i wonder if he genuinely thought that no one would notice that.
Kneads like he's shaping the crust of a pie.
I have a question: why is your first thought/reaction to something of this nature that it's over-exaggerated?
Pretty gross you just assume it's over exaggeration.
[deleted]
She tried a couple times to tactfully pull away so as not to cause a scene but he just pulled her back in.
Oh god that is so disgusting.
I don't know how anyone can look at how he's moving his fingers right there and say it was a mistake.
Wow....okay, I was trying to give him the benefit of the doubt that he may have landed his hand wrong but after seeing this it is just plain blatent...what a sleaze bag.
What's with all the people ITT saying some version of "this is getting really tough to deny/dispute!" WHY IS THAT YOUR DEFAULT POSITION ON REPORTS OF S. ASSAULT
Thank you for posting this. This confirms it. My skepticism was corrected. This dude is a creep and everything these people are saying about him is true. If you’re someone who prefers to see something and make your mind up before jumping on the outrage train, this will be for you. I’m disgusted!
[removed]
That's a good question and one that gives me pause for consideration. I'll get back to you on that one as I think it's a serious and critically important issue, so I would like to make sure to frame my response appropriately
Sure, that sounds good.
And the fingers really digging in. I hate when guys do this, it's not normal to dig fingers into a girls body if you are giving her a hug. It can leave little bruises. Then some dig in to the waist, which is also annoying but doesn't look as bad so the guys get away with it.
So I thought about this more and the reason why I assumed it was an overreaction is because when I initially saw the video and skipped around to a few parts of it I did not see anything more than some maybe inappropriately close hugging on such a public stage with someone he did not know. And while that's gross and absolutely not cool, I did not initially see the sexual assault that was called out in many of the comments. Watching it on a mobile screen and not really caring to go into much initial detail examining it, that was my initial impression, coupled with the fact that at times any website like Reddit can be a little hysterical, especially about hot button topics. But the fact that I did not bother  to delve into it too much initially is the same reason why I did not comment on it initially, because my opinion was not fully fleshed-out at the time.

 Now that I have taken the time to look at the photos posted in this thread and more closely at the video, I can confidently say that there was clearly some sort of intentional inappropriate contact there that was clearly very uncomfortable for the person receiving it. I would say This falls under the category of sexual assault based on my limited understanding of the subject, but that is obviously armchair conjecture so take that with a grain of salt.

Hopefully that all conveys what I intended for it to, particularly with respect to how sensitive the topic is
I'll make it easier for you, then: you did it because you are part of the problem and why this continues to exist. Now you are aware. Make others, like you, aware that this is not nor will it ever be close to okay.
Maybe read my follow up post and if you still feel that I'm part of the problem we can certainly  talk about it. I don't necessarily think it's fair to say that I am part of the problem, but that's certainly your prerogative to believe of course
What he deserves is to have his face smashed against the floor. Anything else wouldn’t have a consequence on a sexual predator of this level, it just makes me sick.
It does for me, and if it doesn’t for you, you might wanna re-evaluate.

This is sickening.
He should go to jail. Honestly don't think they could win the case against him but they could at least prosecute to send a message.
It's sexual assault, at least here in England I'm pretty sure if she went to the police with this evidence he would be arrested and cautioned or charged.
Don’t hand an ass to him, that’s what he wants.
Unfortunately I think that's a slippery slope and I also believe that violence would not do anything but turn him into a martyr in the eyes of his community

I would prefer to let the justice system do its thing and hope that this is one of the instances where it actually does its job correctly. But of course that requires charges to be brought, and I'm not sure that will happen
Good lord, that makes it so much worse than just seeing the stills!
Yeah! And all Jews are greedy bankers too! Don’t get me started on the a-rabs.
Just FYI I explained it a bit better in a follow-up post, but you are of course entitled to your opinion if you feel that that was still unreasonable. My reservations about this potentially being blown out of proportion were  not an immediate kneejerk reaction to any report of sexual assault as I think many are taking it, but rather based on my not having a full and complete understanding of the situation, which is why I did not talk about it prior to putting some more time into considering what happened with the provided 

Edited to stay on topic
You didn't reserve judgment. You assumed it was exaggeration. That's gross no matter how much you spin it.
Based on what I saw initially, yes, I assumed that the reaction I was seeing on Reddit, which is historically not exactly a bastion for reasoned intellectual discourse, was a bit overblown. And as I've said multiple times, when I took the time to actually look into it it was clear that what happened was not only not overblown but was a disgustingly inappropriate action, an  assault for which there should be consequences.  I was wrong in my initial reaction, but since I did not publicize that reaction until after the point where I realized that, I don't feel like I need to apologize for it

But I think it's clear that you're not interested in having a discussion and just want to vent, so fire away. I do think you should consider that if your goal ultimately is to bring more people to your side, there are better ways to do it than that, but certainly your prerogative either way.  just keep in mind that I did reserve judgment, at least publicly, until I felt that I saw the whole story and fully understood what happened. Had I shot from the hip and claimed that this whole thing was ridiculous and nothing actually happened, and then came back later and changed my story, I think that your reaction would be justified. As it stands right now, I don't think you are being a good ambassador for what you believe in
I hope you stop making those kind of assumptions. Do you think you will?
I realize at this point you are not interested in discussion from up there on your soapbox, but yes, I think this experience  will give me more pause for consideration then I might otherwise have going forward as it relates to this topic. Regardless of why I had the initial reaction I did, which I think is more nuanced then you are making it out to be, it is important for the sake of self-awareness to question why we respond to things the way we do, so thanks for your contribution to that
I still plan to respond to this btw, bc I think it's an important discussion to have. Just not sure exactly when! But soon. Thanks for at least thinking about it and writing it out.
My daughters are huge Arianne Grande fans. I’m definitely gonna use this as a teachable moment to let them know that this shit is never okay.
absolutely.
Will you really be able to teach them that? I'd be worried it'd do the opposite considering their idol did nothing about it. I'm not blaming Arianna for not doing anything, it was a funeral after all, just trying to look at it from a child's perspective

Edit:why do people downvote without reply, if you disagree with what I'm saying, then tell me why
I really think running over scenarios like this and what your options are for dealing with it could be an excellent way of overcoming the natural "freeze up and wait until it stops" reaction that often happens in these situations. It's a very good idea.
[deleted]
Considering most of her fans are young impressionable girls she should have done more. What does this tell her fans: when a man in power touches you inappropriately you should just sit there and take it.  And to say she didn’t want to make a scene just reenforces the idea women are at fault for men’s bad actions.
The commenter might be just using the scenario as the teachable moment, not the reactions of the people in it.
No, she’s a victim. First and foremost. Her celebrity doesn’t supersede that. No one knows how they will react. She’s fully fine to have react the way she did, to have made a scene, to have gone with the flow with a grin, anything is fine as a reaction to sexual assault because he’s already the one sending a signal to her fans- it doesn’t even matter that we’re at a *funeral on live television*, I will grope you regardless of the risk. Don’t twist the lesson to teach your children. 

You last sentence is right, but are you not also doing that? Or at least weighing her actions which shouldn’t happen as a victim? I would use this to teach girls that they are loved and supported in the aftermath of these things and that they’ll be believed and not asked “why didn’t you do more? Maybe you liked it and that’s why you didn’t cause a scene?” I’ve read Facebook comments along those lines. Not that she enjoyed it per se, but that she went along for her chance to ride the attention wave afterwards.
[removed]
Exactly. Tell them, listen, this was a huge moment for her, paying tribute to one of her idols. Even so, it’s okay to say something, it’s RIGHT to say something. He deserves to feel awkward.
Wait for her to speak out about it first so it'll make for a more effective lesson
A
Good. I know that when I started developing curves, some of my parents' friends started getting a bit weird around me. My parents would joke "I think he likes you" (ew, he's 50), and act like it's no big deal. Yeah, no big deal until he "jokingly" puts his arm around you and grabs your tit (luckily, that one didn't happen to me, I'm told I give off strong "don't fucking touch me" vibes). 

I didn't know how to react when those creeps looked at my chest a little too long, or said something that was just over the line. I didn't want to upset my parents by accusing their friends of being in appropriate, because they hadn't actually *done* anything. Girls need to know how to deal with these situations
You think she's going to publicly respond to this? Could be a teachable moment to all her fans, but I can see her seeing that this backlash he's getting is enough.
I'm not going to downvote you because I used to think similarly to you, "why don't they just say no to these douchebags and walk away"? I'm a pretty big dude and have been in a fair few scrapes in my day so the thought of some bishop in his sixties groping me and getting away with it is laughable. But recently someone re-framed the situation for me (this was in reaction to the Louis C.K. stuff) and said "Imagine you're in a hotel room with Brock Lesnar, and out of the blue he pulls his dick out and asks if it's cool for him to jack off in front of you. Are you going to tell him no?" 

As much as the bishop in this video is a spineless little dweeb, if you put yourself in Ariana's shoes he has immense power. He's older, he's male, he's a respected authority figure, it's a solemn event in memory of a legend, it's being broadcast on live tv... You can tell by her body lanquage that she's not comfortable with what's happening but there are so many factors preventing her from simply saying "hey, this doesn't feel right".
Thank you for posting that. I will do the same.
To do that would take away from Aretha Franklin's funeral though, but I guess arguably it already has taken away from it...
It's just completely ridiculous to say she should've done something while in the middle of a funeral. Which is probably why he tried it, knowing she wouldn't want to take away from Aretha Franklin's memorial.
I didn't say that
&gt; "their idol did nothing about it."
You still didn't show where he said she SHOULD have done something (which he didn't). He said she didn't do anything which is fact. He also said he didn't blame her for it. What's your problem?
Why ignore the part immediately after it where I said "not that I blame her"?
Because regardless that's still blaming lol
Do not make this shit about what the victim should or shoudn't have done. When we talk about victims acting correctly, the creeps win.
How so?
I really think you are misinterpreting some comments here. You accused someone of saying that she should have done something when in fact they said no such thing. He said that she didn't do anything, which is a factual statement, not implying that she should have or should not have done something. 

My response was again not saying that she should have or should not have acted, i was just trying to clarify the other person's comment for you. Neither myself nor the OP feel like Ariana "should have" acted in any particular way, its just you that seems to think we do.
OK so the original poster said something undeniably positive, that they will use the incident as a lesson for their daughters. The conversation really doesn't need to go further than that point because it's an excellent one and something every parent should feel encouraged to do in response to something like this (that so often happens without people realising/noticing) being filmed and broadcast everywhere. 

You come in and say it probably won't teach them anything because she did nothing. Do you really think that even without a reaction from her that showing them and explaining what they can do/say in response won't teach them anything? 

It just sounded like you were one of the typical "she's a bad role model" naysayers about celebrities because she didn't Wonder Woman her way out of there and obliterate him on the spot. 

Think about why you even needed to say "Not that I'm blaming her at all", like you obviously knew that's how it sounded. 

In a conversation about a creep feeling someone up, no one needs to be saying "WELL Ms Victim here didn't really do as much as she could've so it's not the lesson it really could've been!". It's just unnecessary pointless redirection. Do you not think women are beyond fed up with people telling us how we Should Have Been Better Victims? 

She has PTSD from Manchester, is in therapy and has anxiety she's spoken extensively about including full body panic attacks and trouble breathing (she even has a song on her new album called Breathin which details this). All I see here is her trying her hardest to keep it together. 

edit: Your comment reminded me of when someone on Twitter noticed Taylor Swift had her teeth fixed while on hiatus and said that she had ducked out on the chance to be a role model for kids with crooked teeth/braces.
They said she didn't do anything in response to "I'm going to talk to my kids about this". As if to say "Because she didn't respond, it's probably not worth teaching your daughters about what's wrong here." Do I need to elaborate on why "the lesson isn't as effective because the victim didn't act right in response" is a shitass statement to make?
&gt; shit ass-statement

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
The comment I replied to was about showing his children a video of their hero getting groped in public. Nothing happened to the groper. He didn't get arrested, and nobody there said or did anything to help her. 


You are defending Ariana to me but my comment was never meant to be about her. In no way do I think she did anything wrong. My comment was about showing that video to kids. I just think it's possible that they could take away an unintended message from seeing that happen to someone they look up to and nothing being done about it.
Literally nobody said anything that you are putting in quotes dude, you are exaggerating things beyond what the initial point was. Nobody ever attacked anything Ariana did, nobody ever said she should have done anything. All of this "as if to say" shit is entirely speculation on your end.

The person was not understanding how showing kids this particular video is supposed to teach a lesson. Their thought process was, "showing kids a video of their idol being groped and not really knowing how to respond to it and posing the video as a lesson could impose the message that her response was 'the right way' and you're supposed to let it happen". He didn't say that she acted wrong, he didn't say she should've done something different, and he certainly didn't say "the lesson isn't as effective because the victim didn't act right in response" as you, again, incorrectly quoted him. Asking how something makes sense or how a lesson is effective is not saying that it doesn't make sense or the lesson is ineffective, you're just being sensitive.
Well I think it should've been worded better then. Because to me, particularly with the whole "not to blame her!" reinforcement, it sounds like they were just dismissing any chance of a pop star being a learning moment for young girls.
He did have to make a public apology so he was held responsible for it. 

I think you just could've worded it better but someone else explained what you meant so ok.
Obviously she is the victim here. But yes I do wish she would have used her celebrity to be a better role model to countless young girls who watched that. The MeToo movement may be about holding men responsible for their actions but it’s also about fucking stand up for yourself! For Christ sake if a creepy old man gropes your breast fucking move his hand, how is that controversial? Why do women forever have to a victim, fucking stand up for yourself! She did a great disservice to her fans, she could have been a strong woman standing up to a creep who’s got away with this shit far too long, instead she’s just another sad victim. 

And furthermore is "anything is fine as a reaction to sexual assault" really the case?  So it's ok for a women to just take it and never once voice her objections and then only afterwards say it was wrong? Creeps like that pastor get away with it precisely because no one ever calls them out on it.  Sorry but I she has a responsibly to exercise control of her own body.  The assault isn't that he touched her side boob, the assault is that he took control over her body in a way she was not ok with.  Does't she have some responsibility to speak up and say this isn't ok?  Fuck teaching girl how to be a good victim, I want to teach girl how not to be a victim to start with!  

This is all so sexist.  No one would allow this for a man,  a man would be expected to have a backbone, well I expect woman to stand up for themselves to, and teach women it's ok to be a meek little victim who can't talk for herself, THAT'S a huge part of the problem.
I am so tired go the low exceptions put upon women, telling them it's ok to not fight back. Fuck That!  That's not what we should be telling young girls.  Women need to be able to exercise control over their own bodies. We tell our boys if someone hits you then it ok to defend yourselves, but we tell the girls it's ok to just take assault, it's ok to not fight back in any way?  THAT is fucking sexism. 

He doesn't have any power, he's a shitty pastor no one heard of before today and she's a megastar.  If a megastar like her can't even stand up for herself then what hope does the average girl have?  I totally get that she probably froze, she couldn't believe what was happening and blanked out on what to do.  I get that her as a person might have been too in shock to act: but look at these comments: "she did the right thing by not making a scene", are you shitting me?  So him grouping her breast was ok, but she firmly removing his hand would have been a scene?  Nice message reddit: women should just shut up and take it.
It’s not controversial. She should just be allowed to be a victim first and a celebrity second, whether she’s the kind of victim who reacts swiftly and harshly or one who freezes or one who grins and bears it. You’re doing a disservice to women by holding one to a higher standard because she’s famous. That’s the wrong message to send during the metoo movement.
She didn't have to be a victim is the point.  She could have stood up for herself.  This whole idea of 'grin and bear' it is the fucking problem, it's a fucking horrible thing to tell women.  No, you don't just quietly take it, men are not expect to do that, men are expect to stand up for themselves, why as women are we expect to just accept it??
At what point do women have a responsibly to exercise control over their own bodies?  Never?  So women should just allow any man to do what ever he wants, and never open her mouth once to say this isn't ok?
If you’ve never been in a position where you’re intimidated into compliance or silence by someone’s power, strength, reputation, relationship then you can’t possibly understand what it’s like to not be able to do those things. I fantasize all the time and practice what I would do in a situation like this, but every single time I’ve felt unsafe or embarrassed or genuinely frozen with fear. I wish *all women* were able to fight back, flee, scream, any of these displays of confidence, power, strength, but I know from my own experience that you can’t control how you will react in a situation like that and that my own internal punishment was sufficient without having my reactions questioned while others found excuses for my abusers. “She wouldn’t have been that way to you if you’d just left” “He wouldn’t have kept touching you if you’d screamed instead of freezing”

This is about empathy with the victim, not the societal expectations and conditioning that perpetuate abuse on the side did the abusers and victims.
I’m not expecting her to do that, I’m empathizing with the reaction of a victim in the moment. You can read all my other responses for more thorough responses.
[removed]
This is weird
I like it
Yasssss 😜
Yes, let's just defend sexual assault.
[removed]
[deleted]
Nope.  He's made more than one joke about it.  But it's nice you want to see the best in people.
He literally said he thought she was a taco bell food because he had never heard if her. He is a priest it's his job to council bereaved people and host a funeral. I've never seen another person be tickled to cure the turmoil of losing a loved one. Are you being serious right now?
Bingo!
Yes I am being serious. Super serious. Ha did he say she is a Taco Bell food? That’s funny
Thanks you I’m here for the reddit gold 😎
I wish you loved me like I love you 😔 I’ve only ever supported you tutu
Alas our love will never come to fruition.  Those that make fun of sexual assault and those that don't could never be.
Watch the [clip] (https://youtu.be/mkx5K8mLLNY) it's clear as day he's moving those fingers ever closer. Then he didn't really apologize at all. 
There's plenty of other [clips] (https://youtu.be/1XrJ_04FZQI) out there of this type of behaviour.
This call's for jail time, a message needs to be sent!
Give me a fucking break.
Are you saying groping a young woman's breast should not be a crime?  I am confused... Do you think his hand had a mind of its own?
I don’t understand the downvotes. He touched her inappropriately. That is a crime.
Reddit has a large number of angry lonely guys, I think.
[deleted]
Does calling someone names online make you feel like a big tough person?  Now groping a woman's breast is a crime, I hope you don't have to find that out the hard way.
I'm not going to comment on what's going on in the image, whether it was accidental or not, and how wrong it is.. But do you really think every single crime should lead to jail time?  What he is doing might be wrong and a crime, but it doesn't mean that he should go to jail. Going by your logic, some kid who tries weed once should go to jail and have his life ruined. Doesn't sound very sane to me.
[deleted]
May as well start giving people 6 months for speeding too! Time to build more prisons and raise taxes so we can afford to jail these hardened criminals!
His hand is clearly touching her breast though..
I'm not an angry lonely guy. I think Pastor Grope was way out of line. Jail time though? Nah. That's not a fitting punishment. That's some facists level overreacting.
Do you understand the definition of fascist? or do you just like throwing around buzzwords?  The man committed a brazen crime at a funeral an example should be made.  Sometimes you have to crush somebody to curb behaviors that are unacceptable.
Remove people incarcerated for drug offenses and we would have plenty of room.
He did not pinch her nipple but that was some major side boob grope.
Why is this downvoted?
Have you ever heard of a straw man argument?  You just made one.  Talk about the subject at hand there is no correlation between assaulting a woman on TV and drug usage.
These down votes are a good thing, they make the case.  Every down vote is someone who would benefit from seeing someone arrested for assaulting a woman on TV.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
And the guy you replied to never said this isn't a crime. He shouldn't go to jail for it, even if he is a shit head.
Because its an emotional, irrational response that takes away credence from an issue that could otherwise be (to me isn’t) legitimate.
Not all crimes are punished with jail time, nor should they be.
Because not all crimes are punished by jail time, nor should they be. 1st degree criminal sexual misconduct? Locke 'em up. 4th degree criminal sexual assault? It's a lesser crime with a lesser sentence for a reason.
Arrested sure. Arrested doesn't equal jail time, however.
wouldn't that count as cruel and unusual punishment then? Crush someone as an example?
Yes I literally meant place them in some form of crusher and physically kill or maim them, I was not speaking hyperbolically at all...
Jail is not prison, if you are arrested you go to jail until you see a judge.
That is not accurate. You do not always see a judge just because you are brought in. Also, being booked into the station's holding cells isn't really what is generally considered "jail time". Source: have been arrested before.
a) no one is arguing for ALL crimes to be punished with jail time
b) this is a crime that gets punished with jail time
c) this is a crime that should get punished with jail time
I am not going to get into an hours long argument about the different arrest and trial process of each crime and state laws.  I was suggesting he deserved to be arrested in accordance with the crime he committed and prosecuted to the fullest extent.  ie; make an example out of his ass.
Not always, depending on location there can be a difference between criminal sexual assault and criminal sexual conduct of the 1st/2nd/3rd/4th degree which determines sentencing. I think this would be criminal sexual conduct in the 4th degree which is a misdemeanor and while it *can* be punished with jail time that's usually only when physical force, minors, teachers, doctors or mental impairments are involved. Usually they go with the alternate $500 fine. It's worth noting clergy often falls with teachers and doctors, but since Handsy isn't *her* clergyman I don't know how they would view it in this case.
But in general giving someone a punishment harsher than the crime they committed is still cruel and unusual
That's cool. I agree, make an example out of him by properly punishing him. I just disagree that "jail time" is the proper punishment here, that's all.
Could you clarify Drug offenses? Is it some college kid who got in trouble for smoking weed or are we talking about meth dealers? Because I would rather have my tax dollars go to keeping the hardcore druggies in jail, thanks.
No not relevant to the argument.
Well, yes it is. I would rather throw a drug dealer or some crazed addict in prison rather than a perv. However a weed smoking college student vs a perv. That could be a different story.
"Sexual assault doesn't deserve jail time"- le esteemed gentlesirs of reddit
This fucking people should start to get some kind of consequenses. A LOT of [groping on live TV](https://youtu.be/1XrJ_04FZQI) gets the blind eye and those fucking guys keep doing it because the can.
Wow, thats crazy. I don't really watch TV and I had no idea it was happening so clearly. It honestly looks like some sort of manipulation power trip. It makes me wonder if they get off on how overtly they can offend without being called out. They have to know there is a high chance of people seeing it. Privilege is a messed up thing. 

This is nauseating and I'm so sorry for her, but I'm glad it's getting called out in the open to make more people aware. After leaning more about this and talking to females in today's dating scene this shit needs to stop.

Someone was saying how they were sad the church will be hurt.... If that sort of thing is overlooked in that church, I hope it collapses. It might just save others from this trauma.

Edit: Spelling
[removed]
When I saw this funeral footage, the first fucking thing I thought of was Walsh, and said to myself, it's not a competition, boys, of who can get away with the most daring public sexual molestation, who can successfully grope a woman without her consent in the most outrageous circumstances. It's like Hill upped the ante by going top shelf at a funeral.
Its crazy, have you seen the Joe Biden video?
Oh wow you don’t watch tv cool story
It's goes from patting, to squeezing, to shaking. The entire group there should have stopped the interview (or whatever they were doing) and really chastised him. It's unacceptable to continue on with the program, as it just allows it to 'be okay'. If this stuff got called out in the moment, at an appropriate level (not just joking "show us your hands!"), on camera, I would like to assume that it would stop being as much of an issue. However, it might just ensure that this kind of behavior stays behind closed doors - a bit of a double edged sword.
[deleted]
It's the one where hes like got his hands all over these kids and kissing them. They're both creeps in their own special ways I guess
[removed]
If you want to learn more, stop saying “females” too. It’s been used as a pejorative in enough sexist jokes and memes that the connotation it has with women is not positive at all.
I just read a buzzfeed article on the abuses that took place in a Catholic run orphanage. Fuck the church and everyone complicit in their abuse. 

Also, I know buzzfeed is known for trash, but this was a really well researched article and I highly recommend it. It's a long read, but worth the time. 

Edit: Here is the article: https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/christinekenneally/orphanage-death-catholic-abuse-nuns-st-josephs
Thanks for letting me know that. I didn't realize.
The most mind blowing thing about this clip is he moves closer to her after being called out and after her clearly uncomfortably moving away.
[deleted]
You got a link? Not American and don't know much about this guy. Never heard of this before lol
[removed]
Oh god sorry but the phrase "going top shelf at a funeral" made me snarf, yo
Give it time. I'm sure he'll be excommunicated with the overwhelming outrage that will continue.
https://youtu.be/KQ-YjGmpO4Q

Biden was the Vice president under Obama in the USA. I always liked him until I saw these clips. Gives off a real pervy vibe in my opinion, just groping young girls. Not really sure why people are trying to justify this kind of behavior from him. Keep your old dirty hands off the fucking kids, it's really not that hard. Also mind the commentary on the video, this guy obviously leans right wing and is embellishing as much as possible. Just watch for the CSPAN clips and see for yourself.
So I dont regonize any of these people beside Simon. Who is the white haired creep?

edit: duh it says the name in the youtube title nvm
[deleted]
BuzzFeeds entertainment section is trash, but their longform journalism is usually top notch
Link the article!
https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/christinekenneally/orphanage-death-catholic-abuse-nuns-st-josephs
What did Simon say (no pun pls) about it?
You seriously think the worst of it is even shown on live TV? It's what happens backstage and in the changing rooms that is really disgusting. 

Apparently this old guy involved with Miss Teen USA used to go into the (underage) girls' changing rooms whilst the girls were getting dressed and leered at them. He even boasted about it on Howard Stern. I wonder, where is that guy now, surely the outrage would have destroyed his career...
[deleted]
Don't even be sorry for that, man, I'm glad
&gt; It honestly looks like some sort of manipulation power trip. It makes me wonder if they get off on how overtly they can offend without being called out. They have to know there is a high chance of people seeing it. Privilege is a messed up thing. 

What's particularly odd is that Louis Walsh has been long rumoured to be gay. I'm not exactly on the Dublin gay scene, but I know people who are, and they said he was known for hanging around the bars back when he was lower visibility in the media. If that is the case, then it's definitely about asserting dominance rather than anything sexually-charged. And if called out on it privately, he can play the gay card and say it was harmless fun (to smooth things over in his relationships)
The problem is that it's the person actually getting groped that has to press charges,  no?
Kind of stupid to say a LOT of groping on live tv is gotten away with. Besides a few drunk idiots, I can't think of more than these two tv events that have happened by non drunk people.
Google Joe Biden and kids.
I hated how no one took this seriously. He laughed and the interviewer tried to keep going.
You’re talking about it like it’s n-word. Female is a perfectly acceptable word with enough distinctness from other similar words to warrant its use.
He is gay if that changes anything
It's worth noting that this happened in 2014. There was zero backlash over it. The YouTube video only got attention when it was brought up again in 2018. [The earliest archive.org snapshot from June this year](https://web.archive.org/web/20180627183755/https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XrJ_04FZQI) shows it as having just 130,000 views.

Louis Walsh's Wikipedia page didn't mention the incident either: https://web.archive.org/web/20170926074706/https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louis_Walsh
It does not.
Why would you grope some chick on live television if you're into dudes?
No, he can't 'play the gay card'. That's like murdering someone and saying, 'No, it's okay, I'm a humanitarian and I donate to victims of homicide' or breeding your dogs over and over and giving all the puppies to animal shelters but saying, 'It's okay, I donate to the Humane Society of the United States'. Doing wrong while doing something the opposite doesn't make the original wrong right.

Sexual orientation doesn't detract from sexual abuse or sexual misconduct. Whether or not he is sexually attracted to women doesn't negate the fact that he was groping her in a sexual manner. It isn't about how he feels about the interaction, it's about how the victim does. *He* is the one groping *her*.
Oh boy, have I got some fake news for you!
It's acceptable in scientific, medical, or law enforcement contexts, and it's fine to use as an adjective or to refer to animals, but referring to women as "females" in casual conversation makes you look like a douche at best, at worst an incel creep. So if you're okay with that, by all means, use it to your heart's content.  However, when women react poorly to it, do keep in mind that it was *your* choice to use a word that *you know* many people dislike and place blame accordingly.
Nah that’s not it. It’s not done for “power” as so many say. It’s done as a result of Power. Inconsequential difference I suppose. But that’s the truer statement.
No, I’m talking about it like it’s “japs” or “midgets” or another term that was only really used in terms like “females like you just want blah blah blah” until the word itself carries an association with it that isn’t positive at all. Try using “females” in an earnest conversation or just google image searching the “females be like” meme. You’ll struggle to find one that doesn’t portray women as fake, crazy, manipulative, liars, promiscuous, or a million other awful things. 

Plus if you’re arguing about it on prescriptivist linguistic value (distinctness from women/ladies/etc) it isn’t even best use for people in science writing, who would by that argument use it most. Female participants, female workers, female cats or whatever would be more correct than “females” because it’s most often used as a descriptor than as a noun. No one really worries about whether they’re saying a word too often unless it’s in formal writing, and females doesn’t have a place there. Source: am published researcher with articles in science journals.
[deleted]
He might be 90% on some spectrum. Or maybe it's just about the power trip.
[deleted]
just to clarify, I'm not saying that "the gay card" would or should work, it's just something that shitty people sometimes use to excuse shitty behaviour, and it's something that he might already do (something like "you know it's all in good fun, I don't mean anything by it, I don't even fancy girls"). And unfortunately, if you play that card well enough, there are people who will back down in order to avoid seeming homophobic, or uptight, or whatever else. It's the same as playing any card, using it to excuse bad behaviour knowingly done is always an asshole move
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks for sharing this. I don’t think I really use the word female but had no idea it held this connotation. Good to know.
Only in the sense that he surely must have been aware of where his hands were, either way. I mean, if he's gay, he wasn't doing it for sexual gratification, so he's just a complete fucking idiot when it comes to where not to touch women. Now he just seems less rapey and more like a damn moron. 

Edit: So also is Mr. Walsh, who grabbed all up on Mel B's ass on live television. I don't know why they do it, but it's done, regardless. Would it change anything if it were a straight chick gently caressing a gay dude's package while having a chit-chat with them on tv?
[deleted]
[deleted]
He's grabbing her ass on live television...
[deleted]
I’ve read both replies to my post. While I understand what you mean I still think it’s pretty asinine. That’s such a niche use of the word (at least in my experience) and it seems
obviously callous. I must admit I misunderstood what was meant at first, I thought all use of the word female was inappropriate (like any usage of japs and midgets). 

Anyway I see your point so thanks for clarifying. Luckily I don’t use the word derogatorily or in “that way” so I won’t have to change the way I speak. I do have to wonder if male will eventually carry its own negative connotations.
It’s still not ok.
I I never noticed before but if you watch his left hand it looks like he's covering a boner the whole time
Snarf is the best possible word for that breath through your nose laugh thank you for this
Good bot
[deleted]
[removed]
This. Women have to stand up for themselves especially when they’re surrounded by those that would come to their aid! She’s stupid if she really felt groped and didn’t even try to just move his arm!
Exactly. It's sad that this BS is the talking point of the funeral.
I can understand where it may seem like she should have just moved his arm, but in situations like that you don't always think clearly. When I was working as a server I had guys do stuff like this to me and I would freeze up. Afterwards I would always be so mad at myself and I would wish I could have pushed them away and have said something but I just couldn't. You just feel so gross, embarrased, and scared.
You have no fucking idea what girls go through, bro.
[removed]
You’re a piece of shit without empathy.
And you’re an illiterate and emotionally led SJW. Protect yourself when you can. She would have had everyone on her side had she moved away. Stop victimizing someone who has strength to protect herself. 

Least we can do as a society is learn from this and STAND UP FOR YOURSELF IF YOU FIND YOURSELF IN A SITUATION LIKE THIS. That is all.  🛎
She did try to back up and then he tightened his grip lmao. She was trying not to cause a scene on TV.
Why is she protecting this creep then? All I’m saying is she has a right to assert herself and she should have. Especially in today’s society where we are trying to out this type of unacceptable behaviour. Portraying her as a victim who cares what others think isn’t helping anyone. If this happens to you MAKE A SCENE, so they realize it’s unacceptable. He didn’t even realize it was a problem til much later. Addressing it at that moment or right after walking off stage would have been the responsible thing to do IMO.
You tick all the cringe boxes, good luck with yourself.
tbh this actually looks like it was accidental.
Few problems with that. For one the length of time he did it. Two her body language clearly was a message to him saying tthats making me uncomfortable, three he puts his hand back there after he moves it away initially. There is no way you can do that for that extended period of time and not know.
[deleted]
I don't agree - her reaction is clear, but if you look at his face in those same shots, you can tell he is just trying to put his arm around her.   They are clearly not on the same page, and I don't think this guy would grope her willingly on camera ...at a funeral. I just don't see it.
I guess we just see it different ways. Seems clear to me. Hooe you have a nice day.
you too.
[deleted]
calm down, seth. it's going to be okay.
[deleted]
Actually no. Calling people by their usernames isn't original. It's mostly what people do on here.
So you're telling me that a man purposefully groped a celebrity while he was talking to a camera?
No guy would think this is a good idea. Only fucking morons would do this
But some of those morons are guys. So that theory is sort of wrong.
r/woosh
[deleted]
I dont think you know how "whoosh" works.
I don’t think you do. I read your deleted comment dude. Can’t make up your mind?
I don’t think you know how I works. I read your deleted comment. What a joke
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
https://youtu.be/mkx5K8mLLNY
[removed]
Ah yes the sorry I got caught apology. His intentions were clear 4 seconds into that video
Good update! I can't stop thinking about his mustache. He has space for another one. Looks so weird!
Makes you wonder what else he "never meant to do".
He just wanted a taste of that new things at Taco Bell 🌮
Bill back there creepin too
he's clearly only apologizing about the taco bell joke. not the grope. fuck outta here.
"I tripped and my dick fell in the ass officer! I didn't mean to rape."
Victim blaming? Check. Diversion? Check. Denying? Check. Another diversion? Check.
Bill didn't grope her tit. Big difference between letting your eyes wander and your hands.
He's apologizing about the Taco Bell joke.
9 hours for a funeral service? That absolutely sounds like hell
9hrs, I'd be grabbing boob after 2 hrs ;)
[deleted]
[removed]
He's already apologized for it and explained it was an accident and not intentional: [http://time.com/5384940/bishop-apologizes-ariana-grande-aretha-franklin-funeral/](http://time.com/5384940/bishop-apologizes-ariana-grande-aretha-franklin-funeral/) Nothing to see here.
Have you ever accidentally grabbed a woman's breast, and then just, like, *left your hand there*? Because unless he's got no feeling in that hand, he knew exactly where his fingers were.
A lot of the people here really need to shut their fucking computers off and step outside, get some fresh air.
[removed]
He didn't grab her breast though, didn't even touch it.
come on, that is an absolutely piss-poor hands off apology and you know it.

&gt;Maybe I crossed the border, maybe I was too friendly or familiar.. I apologize.


it's not a real apology when you don't actually acknowledge that you did anything wrong. those maybes aren't accidental.
Let me press your wife’s side boobs and  issue an apology
It's okay guys. He said he didn't do it. Nothing to see.
Yeah guys, he's *[sorry](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=15HTd4Um1m4)*
Did you look at the picture?
You either haven't seen any of the footage, or you've got a tenuous grasp on human anatomy.
This shit happened to me at our prom by accident because she was super short
Shoulders are acceptable.
[deleted]
No, we should accuse him for inappropriately grabbing her breast. You should never grab a woman like that and keep pulling her towards you when she is pulling away. He should've let go the moment he realized that was her breast.
[deleted]
He did when he grabbed her like that.
[deleted]
That's correct. People should know the difference between pressing into breasts like that and ribcages or waists.

Could it have been an accident? Absolutely. But that is not the case in this example.
[deleted]
Have you seen the video? This was intentional.
[deleted]
You wanna keep defending gross actions by this person? Fine. I can't stop you.

All I can say is I hope you have your real life beliefs in better order than your internet ones.
[deleted]
The fact that Reddit is all over this makes me sympathize with this priest. I don't know what kind of person he is, but i'm sure he is filled with adrenaline and completely focused on the thousands of people in front of him. He just grabbed her on a poor spot and now he is shamed beyond belief. It's like how pickpockets steal your wallet right under your nose because their partner distracts you by asking a question or touching another part of your body. I'm sure, if this man was truly a scumbag who gets of on molesting little women he can do it in the safety of his own home or hotelroom and not in front of thousands of people. But noo, you dipshits never even thought about that. You just said another person you can collectively shit on, because that's what reddit does.
I agree, it's ridiculous. I mean, it would be one thing if there was a historical pattern of priests engaging in abuse or women being molested by men, but this is just dumb.
[removed]
[deleted]
Yup, this priest is just gonna throw away his career, on live television because he needed to grope those titties...
[deleted]
Is he Catholic? Also I'm gonna go out on a limb and say, most men don't molest women, including this guy. Pretty confident saying that.
I just did, it was even more innocent than i presumed it to be. You have literal demons in your head if you think he truly wanted to grope her. I also like how it was basically one second and the most showed picture was the one where Arianna just looks like kinda shocked, even though her whole body language was relaxed.
He’s not a priest or a bishop.  He is a man who just calls himself one.  He’s the pastor at a mega church somewhere.
He’s not Catholic.
This man isn’t catholic and he isn’t even a priest.
[deleted]
Whatever, you're just seeing whatever you want to see. And maybe so do i, but at least i'm not automatically gonna call you a man-hating anti christian delusional person. Like you're trying with me. You know what projection means?
How is that relevant, he still build his whole career on being a pastor and his whole reputation.  And now he is gonna throw it all away, because he couldn't just stop himself for copping a feel IN FRONT OF LIVE CAMERAS AND THE MOST IMPORTANT PEOPLE IN THE COUNTRY? How logical is that?
[removed]
Who said anything about catholic? Sexual abuse is pervasive in many churches and religious organiations.
&gt; Is he Catholic? 

I'm not sure what planet you live on where you think the Catholic church is the only church where systematic sexual abuse is a problem.

&gt; Also I'm gonna go out on a limb and say, most men don't molest women

I'm gonna go out on a limb and say that most women have been sexually harassed or assaulted by a man.
[deleted]
How DARE you use reason to address this abhorrent example of blatant sexual harassment. This man is CLEARLY groping for her breast in front of a large number of people and millions of viewers, because he simply can’t help himself. We don’t need an actual response from Ariana, because if we can all agree with each other that this was a violent act of a sexual predator then we don’t need the actual truth. We only care about what we think!
Did I say it was? No, what I said was that there this is a historical pattern of systematic abuse of women by men:

https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2018/02/21/587671849/a-new-survey-finds-eighty-percent-of-women-have-experienced-sexual-harassment

Every time a men defends sexual abuse of women by saying "men get abused too", all they prove is that they are part of the problem.
[removed]
If you’re skeptical of the groping, I’d just like to add that the priest was generally condescending to her. He cracked that her name sounds like a new Taco Bell item. Maybe that joke would be funny from a friend, but it was coming from a guy she didn’t know, in front of a huge audience. 

I don’t know if you just have a tendency to play the devils advocate, but it kinda saddens me that you and others empathize with this man more than this woman. He counts on your empathy and uses it to get away with this behavior in plain sight.
I know right?

&amp;#x200B;

This is the same reason why I hate all germans. Who cares about the individual? Everyone knows that we generalize people based on their race and gender to base our opinions on them.

&amp;#x200B;

And it's not even sexism because you can't be sexist towards guys.
You're getting soft: You forgot to whine about white genocide, SJWs, and Brianna Wu.
I'm not empathizing with this man, i don't even know him. However, i am highly skeptical that he would just grope her in plain sight for the world to see and have everything to lose. Maybe he does molest little girls in his spare time, but that would happen behind closed doors and not in front of television crews. And if you think he would just do this, you don't understand how much effort and work he put in to get where he is right now.
Sorry **sympathize not empathize
You're a strange, ignorant little person.
Just once, I want a celebrity whose at the top of their game to just clock a motherfucker who does this.

"Ms. Grande, why did you punch the bishop!?"

"As you can clearly see, the sick fuck was mutherfuckin' groping me publicly...during a goddamn funeral. So I punched him. Is that a problem?"
[removed]
[deleted]
That’s because in the scenario he just spelled out, maybe punching him in the face wouldn’t be the appropriate response.  Although, it would be appropriate to move his hand away and tell him to stop.  

Not saying she did anything wrong though, she’s the victim here
it would absolutely be appropriate to punch the face in of someone forcefully touching you in an inappropriate way.
I wouldn’t say it would be a wrong thing to do.  Just maybe there are better options.  Either way, I hope she is okay.
Well it's not a physical punch but Taylor Swift counter-sued her assaulter for one dollar, after he sued her for getting him fired for groping her. 

https://edition.cnn.com/2017/08/14/entertainment/taylor-swift-verdict/index.html
I disagree, I think the clip of her punching him in the face after being so obviously groped would be highly celebrated on Reddit.
I heard about this!
Mel B did this! (Not actually punching) https://youtu.be/QrPR1DcZxxg
[deleted]
$1?
*not resisting sexual assault because of what reddit might say*

This thread was on high up on my front page and it's not as though top comments are supporting his actions. Speaking in hypothetical situations that completely adhere to your world view is. garbage.
I love the whole point of "suing for ONE dollar." Kudos to her for clearly demonstrating that it was worth buying what was likely *tens of thousands* of dollars in legal fees, *just* to get a verdict against him. I have new-found respect for her.
Yes, she wasn't in it for money, she was in it to get a verdict.
Ted Cruz got away with elbowing his wife in the face by pretending it was an accident, just saying.
Can't believe what I'm reading with some of these commenters. 

This guy is a creep, no doubt about that. It's non excusable.

This guy's fingers look like they are pressed up against her firmly, look at the indentations they are making.

Breast tissue feels a lot different then pressing against ribs. She's a petite person, who looks like she has a small ribcage. You can clearly see his hands are positioned on the side of her breast. Whether it's the side or the front, that's still groping her breasts.

Accidental touches can happen and do happen. Most decent people would move their hands away. If you watch the video he moves his hands and fingers, continuing to touch and grope her in that area. That is not accidental behaviour. 

He could have simply put his hand around her shoulders, or not touched her at all. She looks uncomfortable, and who wouldn't be in that situation.

This is undefendable and it it right to be angry about his actions. You can not defend him.

Whether it was an accidental or unconscious action to embrace her by placing his hand between her arm and torso, we don't know. What we can see is he continues to move is fingers and hand, pressing and feeling the soft tissue of her breast. Unless he has some form or neuropathy, I'm sure he can feel the difference between that and hard and firm pressure between his palm and her ribs.


This is not an attack on masculinity and male behaviour, as some of the comments on this site think it is. It is an attack on predatory behaviour, which is rightly so.
Those who defend this guy, what would you say if that was your mother? Wife? Daughter? What if that was you? and this man had is hand groping your ass? Would it matter if it was the side of you ass he was groping?

Edited to add last paragraph to emphasise point.
The video is 1000x worse. He keeps moving his hand in, and she is absolutely crawling out of her skin.
It looks like it could have been accidental
[deleted]
&gt;How exactly is wiggling his fingers equate to absolutely trying to grab someone's tit? 

"How exactly does doing something blatantly equate to doing that thing blatantly?" 

&gt;What if it was your brother, son, or cousin being accused? Would you love for him to be plastered as a groper nationally?

As a Human with eyes,  if I saw my brother,  dad, wtfever etc. On live mothafuckin tv kneedin' a side boob than yeah,  I'd help plaster their preditor face around. The fuck is wrong with you?
[deleted]
This is not AMBIGUOUS, you lubed up dildo. 

He has his hand on her breast and is kneeding it. Seriously what the actual fuck is wrong with you? Do you do this to women? It's scary that you think that's appropraite.
[deleted]
You can't be fucking serious. This isn't even questionable.. it's blatant, brazen sexual assault.
[deleted]
Not just wiggling. Reaching. He extended them in a probing fashion. You can deny what I see plainly with my own eyes but that does not change my mind.

There are four lights.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I think he thought what pervs always think: "a) I want this and b) I will get away with it."
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Or maybe he's been molesting people for decades, and always gotten away with it, and so now the thought of getting caught doesn't even occur to him. That's how it went with Cosby, Weinstein, the Catholic priests, etc. It's the standard molester pattern.
[deleted]
That video of him groping Grande doesn't count as evidence?!?
[deleted]
It shows that he was willing to grope in full public view. The rest is speculation, but I wouldn't be at all surprised if this guy turned out to be on the Cosby/Weinstein/Sandusky/Nassar level. And given what he just showed the world, it definitely bears looking into.
[deleted]
It bears looking into.
Is she actually complaining about this? The video is way less blatant. Images are obviously cut out at the right moment to make it look like she's upset about it.

I mean maybe.. MAYBE.. dude just didn't realise he was in side boob territory. She's not exactly well endowed. Given his height compared to hers it would be difficult to side hug her in another way without going over shoulders or something.

I barely know who she is let alone random priest. May have missed her having a rant somewhere. Just feel like Reddit's going on a witch hunt and ruining a guys life for having poor boob detection skills.
That is exactly what's happening here.
Why would you even hold a woman like that. It’s her armpit area. Who holds a woman like that unless they are dating?
I didn't say he was smart or thought it through. Just suggesting he did the side hug thing and had a bit too much reach/a poor angle rather than doing it on purpose.

The guy was performing at a funeral and literally talking to attendees while this was all happening. Maybe he's a great multi-tasker, but my brain sure as fuck couldn't handle enjoying a grope while talking with thousands of people and cameras were pointing at me.
[deleted]
Yeah, I want to condemn this dude (frankly have a bias against religion in general) but after watching the clip a few times I really don't see it.  Looks to me like a giant dude embracing someone tiny in comparison.  Isn't her arm around him the entire time?

Fuck what anyone on here has to say anyway, has she responded?  Did she feel groped?
If your goal is some d/l boob action, that would be the way to hug all your female friends.
[deleted]
Stop hugging them under the arm creep.
[deleted]
Would you side hug your buddy like that? Of course you wouldn’t because he would think you are hitting on him.
[deleted]
Well some people don’t even like getting hugged bud. And no they don’t.
[deleted]
In America we don’t hug each other as a sign of affection.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just know most men do not like being touched by other men.
[deleted]
Living on the edge, I can respect that.
It's 2 fold.

1) She's like 5'-0" tall, and he's like 6'-0" tall.

2) When people get emotional (They're at a funeral), they tend to go for a full hug. They wrap their hands around someone. That's just the natural placement of his hand.
[deleted]
reddit proving they have never actually touched people is pretty funny this circlejerk getting pushed to the top of multiple subs kinda proves it.
Lol, isnt it crazy how people are overanalyzing this situation. I never seen anything like this. 99% of the comments are really pushing for the story that this priest is hand raping her on live television instead of trying to do his 'job' as best as possible because of three unclear images.
He's like two feet taller than her.
How does that matter?
Under the arm side hug + boob touch. Ok bro.
There's more than one video, one is at a better angle where the video looks just the same as the pictures. 

I'm like 2 inches taller than her, same breasts, and not one person has ever accidentally dug their finger into my boob.. and size has absolutely nothing to do with it. Boobs feel completely different from the areas surrounding them, specially underneath the armpit and for someone like her who is very thin.. you should definitely feel the difference between squishy boob and the rest. People always put their hand on my shoulder, so to me this looks very intentional.
[deleted]
This is an astounding display. You're all a pack of howling jackals. Misfits. Rejects. You demonize innocent, incidental, entirely normal behavior because you don't know what normal behavior *is*. Someone pulls your strings and you all dance. Very few of you demonstrate any rationality. Any critical thinking skills. Any shred of human dignity. You're mindless. Think for your fucking selves. What you are accusing this person of defies logic. It is not reasonable. Many of you start by saying how unbelievable you find this supposed groping, then go on to *totally fucking believe it*. It boggles the mind. How can so many idiots all be in one place? *That* is what is disturbing about this. Not the cherry picked images.
&gt;g jackals. Misfits. Rejects. You demonize innocent, incidental, entirely normal behavior because you don't know what normal behavior   
&gt;  
&gt;is  
&gt;  
&gt;. Someone pulls your strings and you all dance. Very few of you demonstrate any rationality. Any critical thinking skills. Any shred of human dignity. You're mindless. Think for your fucking selves. What you are 

Simmer down.
I will not.
The way you rant makes me think you're just parroting what you're told too. Pot, meet kettle.
That's right. Dismiss and carry on. I expect nothing less and certainly nothing more from one of you.
[deleted]
Snowflake? Woke? Change the fucking record.
My guy you need help. Did you bother watching the video? He held her, dug his fingers into her breast, and then pulled her back as she tried to get away. Regardless of how you try to shape this, it was wrong. But stay on that r/IamVerySmart bs
I did and your description is exaggerated bullshit.
[removed]
Agreed, just nearly ruined this innocent mans life over no bad intentions.
So pessimistic, you see what people are thinking, them look at the situation in a bad light, you have to be more open minded about this. It was completely unintentional.

Summary:
I will do the same.
I just don't see it.
That's not what I'm saying at all.
I don’t think you do.
It's like, why even go there?
If you know you know.
I get what you're saying though.
They make you feel uncomfortable, make them feel more uncomfortable by calling them out on it.
*He* is the one groping *her*.
I guess he thought "well, he's been doing this for a while so I guess he knows what he's doing".
I am a victim of sexual assault.
He knows he can get away with it.
People make jokes at funerals all the time.
That's all there is to it really.
He did when he grabbed her like that.
I feel bad for her.
Even so, it’s okay to say something, it’s RIGHT to say something.
You can be both you know.
You REALLY think I don't know what it's like to be sexually harassed and just have to deal with it?
That's a good thing, is what I'm saying.
Like, what the fuck does that even mean?
She would be if she said anything.
I think she was in shock.
Like you're trying with me.
I don't get why this is being downvoted.
I wouldn’t say it would be a wrong thing to do.
She isn't the one making it about her.
He is a man who just calls himself one.
I have watched the video.
That's exactly what I thought!
He said he didn't do it.
I actually did not see said video.
What the fuck is wrong with you people?
That's literally what I did in the situation.
First thing I thought too.
I like to call these people shit heads.
(I’m not saying she is one.
Bad things happen and then we see how people really are.
It's a bishop at a woman's funeral.
Yeah, and I think that's an important point to make.
I think it's about context.
In no way do I think she did anything wrong.
Did I say it was?
How do you get through to people?
It really doesn't have to be.
I don’t think she was ignoring it.
I read your deleted comment.
Yeah for sure I'm just saying too many people out there grope.
I never seen anything like this.
That said, she can do what she wants.
It’s likely happened **a lot**.
You don't know what you're talking about.
I think she didn't want to take away from Aretha.
There's no "on one hand" about this.
I mean, have you ever been assaulted?
I thought this was reddit.
He's made more than one joke about it.
Whatever, you're just seeing whatever you want to see.
I understand the argument, and I'm saying she's wrong.
It was most likely an accident.
People actually know her name.
The fuck is wrong with you?
You're exactly right on what I was trying to point out.
I came here for this.
You're making this up for victim points.
I feel like this would be funny if it was worded more betterer.
Its 2018, i think most people would want you to say something if someone is sexually assaulting you.
No one is saying he didn't touch her.
It makes it all so real.
She didn't have to be a victim is the point.
Also I love how 'men get harassed too!'
That was the point of that comment.
&gt; Bishop Charles H Ellis III is a sexual predator

Are you really talking about Bishop Charles H Ellis III the sexual predator?
I think Pastor Grope was way out of line.
I think its more situational as in everyone is different.
Fuck teaching girl how to be a good victim, I want to teach girl how not to be a victim to start with!
I read your deleted comment dude.
And no, men don't "always like it".
It doesn't say he is a pastor and a bishop.
I don't know why they do it, but it's done, regardless.
It also wouldn't be "making a scene".
I had not seen the video.
I don’t think you know how I works.
I hope he gets what he deserves.
He also said he didn't blame her for it.
I think they walk side to side.
Not uncomfortable to do anything or remove his hand.
What the fuck are you talking about?
He said she didn't do anything which is fact.
I didn't mean to rape."
Do people not know what an actual Catholic Bishop looks like?
It looks like it could have been accidental.
It's hard to say what anyone would do.
I was just explaining why other people care about it to you.
This guy is a fucking predator.
Are you really going to make a scene at a funeral?
That is exactly what's happening here.
I think a lot of people would accuse her of just that behavior if Ariana makes a scene at one of her hero's funeral.
Make victim blaming wrong again.
I mean, the horse sure did.
I apologize for coming off that way though.
Just don't want people thinking it's really easy.
No guy would think this is a good idea.
Damned if she do and damned if she don't.
I don't really care about the Taco Bell joke.
I'm not empathizing with this man, i don't even know him.
I don't know how anyone can look at how he's moving his fingers right there and say it was a mistake.
"Do I say something and make a scene at Aretha Franklin's funeral??"
I mean, a jokes just a joke even if it's a bad one.
He should go to jail.
I mean it would have been great if she had, but can't really blame her for not doing it.
What does that have to do with anything?
He apologizes and never does TV again don't recognize him so I feel like it's not much.
That's not how that works.
I assume she had her reasons.
I didn't say he was smart or thought it through.
and this man had is hand groping your ass?
Like I said, I don't even care about the joke.
I guess we just see it different ways.
No one knows how they will react.
It needs someone these kinds of people respect to tell them it's wrong.
This guy has done this before.
&gt; I think a lot of people would accuse her of just that behavior if Ariana makes a scene 


He grabbed her tit!
As sad as it is to say I don’t think she was getting out of this without a scene.
She looks uncomfortable, and who wouldn't be in that situation.
I'm on both sides here.
Think about why you even needed to say "Not that I'm blaming her at all", like you obviously knew that's how it sounded.
What if that was you?
shit wtf am I doing then.
Fuck that, you don't know what she went though.
That fucking creep needs his ass handed to him.
I wonder whom she was looking at once she got up there.
You might actually like it though.
I second this completely, and it's our responsibility to make sure he is called out, not the victims.
There's no need for all of you to look further into it.
That funeral wasn't about Ariana, and she had the class to know it.
Don't see how that can possibly be a good look.
There's just some things you don't talk about in public!"
I wouldve slap him right there.
Like the power of boobs.
Just know most men do not like being touched by other men.
Like this guy even cares lol.
He never said anything about the dude having more power than her?
She looked down and made a face.
She would have had everyone on her side had she moved away.
The video makes it look even more uncomfortable and creepy.
The look of the girl in the back.
Like i said, everyone is different.
It would definitely be on him, yes.
If someone gropes you at my funeral, feel free to make a scene.
You don't know whats going through someone elses head.
Who the fuck is this guy?
Allowing yourself to be groped is the right thing to do?
You should watch the video.
She should absolutely call him out for it now though.
So you're saying she not Catholic?
I would have been "so uncomfortable" if I've been **sexually assaulted** on national television as well.
Context matters, that's what I'm trying to say.
That;s obviously why the pastor thought he could get away with what he was doing.
You accused someone of saying that she should have done something when in fact they said no such thing.
Not saying she did anything wrong though, she’s the victim here.
It makes a huge difference.
... do his hands just have minds of their own (a defense I would love to see him try)?
Women inappropriately touch men too.
...he must know something we don't.
Not American and don't know much about this guy.
People are harassing you over this post?
"Are you fucking seeing this?"
Nobody ever attacked anything Ariana did, nobody ever said she should have done anything.
you could say he's an idiotic predator.
And that's not an "edgy" thing to say.
He posts comments like this all the time hoping to get attention, especially about this situation.
I can't imagine how uncomfortable that made you.
It would still be his fault if a scene was made.
I mean on one hand, we should be teaching woman how to speak up during these scenarios.
I think she has every right to do so, but I would be frozen and thinking "is this actually happening?"
Yeah, but people *love* to criticize women for their behavior, even if she's in the right.
Not a Catholic bishop that's for sure.
She didn’t do anything wrong.
I agree, no one has that happen to them on live TV no less knows exactly how to react or what to do.
Do you think you will?
I dont think you know how "whoosh" works.
They said she didn't do anything in response to "I'm going to talk to my kids about this".
It's the one where hes like got his hands all over these kids and kissing them.
I don't know what it's like to not be listened to or be criticized over something not in my control.
Why would you even hold a woman like that.
Its called being part of life.
I actually think some men do believe "the women want it" They actually like it.
I saw this and saw the article.
Not sure what your point is here.
If you are ever touching someone and they make that face, they are uncomfortable.
Or men like him just don't care.
And his shit apology was basically just "I do it with everyone.
I was just pointing out that there's an obvious difference.
Ya know, you don’t have to make a scene to remove a mans hand from your side boob.
I mean really sound logic here.
I think she means guys that have never experienced sexual harassment who think they know what they're talking about when it comes to women experiencing harassment.
I like to think that, if I was a women in her position, on tv, I would have slapped him.
If he didn’t mean to to that he would have apologized to her immediately and removed his hand.
Because I have now told you.
The normal reaction here is that Ariana Grande was sexually assaulted on live TV by a pastor at a fucking funeral, and he's the asshole.
The way it played out, no one is really defending the "bishop".
I don't want to say he is used to doing this because I don't know the guy, but it definitely looks like he feels entitled to it.
It's the world we live in :(
I wasn't aware that she did do more.
I get the feeling Aretha Franklin wouldn't have minded, though.
She did the right thing tbh.
You think a church will care?
Groping someone is never okay.
I didn’t blame her and it’s not really criticism.
A predator is a predator.
"I'm just joking, can't you take a joke?"
They get away with raping kids so not likely.
I dont hold anything against her because i know shit happens and she apologized years later.
But that's the way we measure things like that.
Well I think it should've been worded better then.
Wait, what are you people talking about?!
It's not the victims responsibility to speak out in this case.
And if you think he would just do this, you don't understand how much effort and work he put in to get where he is right now.
We can’t really say if he did anything wrong if it didn’t make her uncomfortable.
He's apologizing about the Taco Bell joke.
She was clearly uncomfortable with his touching.
Pretty sure that's not racist.
It's happened to me more than once, by multiple people (worse too).
Would it matter if it was the side of you ass he was groping?
Either way, I hope she is okay.
Maybe, but most of us have had something like this happen to us.
She was trying not to cause a scene on TV.
I think she had a boner.
And while that's gross and absolutely not cool, I did not initially see the sexual assault that was called out in many of the comments.
The groping is the issue.
Sad thing is, it works with a lot of women.
Seems like people could be making a bigger deal of this than it is.
"This has nothing to do with being a woman."
It's a very good idea.
There's a moment of shock where I thought "wait, is that actually happening?"
I really think you are misinterpreting some comments here.
This guy is an asshole, but that joke is not bad.
I don’t understand the downvotes.
I hope you stop making those kind of assumptions.
YOU might, because you have no class, but Ariana didn't do it because she's not you.
Are you saying she acted in a bad way?
that's like trying to tickle yourself.
Just seems like a bad dad joke that people are taking way too personally.
He did have to make a public apology so he was held responsible for it.
It just screams "Are you fucking seeing this?"
It’s better than her purposefully trying to make a *funeral* all about this.
Thanks for letting me know that.
They are clearly not on the same page, and I don't think this guy would grope her willingly on camera ...at a funeral.
I just googled her skirt to see if it was inappropriate.
That absolutely sounds like hell.
It was a good try man, I upvoted for what it’s worth.
Girls need to know how to deal with these situations.
That's actually kind of funny.
I was very uncomfortable but didn't know that it was inappropriate and that I was allowed to say no.
What about all the young women who were watching her?
Didn't even realize that was Ariana Grande.
**

He knew what he was doing.
Now groping a woman's breast is a crime, I hope you don't have to find that out the hard way.
But would you really want cause that kind of a scene during a national televised funeral for a respected person?
He didn't get arrested, and nobody there said or did anything to help her.
And no one else stepped in so maybe she thought people didn’t see it happen as clearly as we did.
There's a time and place for that, and at someone's funeral isn't the place.
If we're calling him Mr.
There were a lot of people there for Aretha who didn't notice this happening.
And who gives a fuck about Reddit?
The fuck is this world coming to.
I know for a fact that if I were her, I wouldn't have said a word.
Ask myself that all the time.
There was nothing wrong with the joke.
You can clearly see his hands are positioned on the side of her breast.
I think they meant that churches have a reputation and that Ariana shouldn't have gone to a funeral if she didn't want to get sexually assaulted.
If you see a woman being harassed, help her.
Its gonna take some time, but this kind of thing will hopefully slow down with more people talking.
It's for this reason that I honestly don't like working with groups of men at the desk.
Whether it's the side or the front, that's still groping her breasts.
It doesn't at all - not one bit - excuse that guy.
But she is probably used to it.
I didn't mean to lead you on.
I thought it would offended him if I said "no, I don't want to".
Well some people don’t even like getting hugged bud.
Wish I had someone like that at my job to step up for me.
You only need to see this thread to know that it's a real possibility.
Most decent people would move their hands away.
I seen someone say that she is 100% NOT being groped and it was clearly accidental.
he's clearly only apologizing about the taco bell joke.
Don't even be sorry for that, man, I'm glad.
One correction, because I totally agree with you otherwise: he sexually *assaulted* her.
Do you do this to women?
Creeps like that pastor get away with it precisely because no one ever calls them out on it.
Not really sure why people are trying to justify this kind of behavior from him.
I don't think the majority have ever acted like it was wrong in practice.
Don’t hand an ass to him, that’s what he wants.
Still don't see that, even if these people disagree with OP's comment, are being downvoted.
She wouldn't be the one to disrupt the funeral.
I would also encourage people in similar situations to fight back.
This dude is a creep and everything these people are saying about him is true.
They have to know there is a high chance of people seeing it.
Who cares if it was Ariana Grande - you’re going to grope a girl on live fucking TV?
That's how we *should* start to react.
Don't understand why these experiences of sexual assaults are being downvoted.
I can't stop thinking about his mustache.
It's not fair to put the responsibility on the person being harassed.
He's a predator and perve AND bishop.
I just think it's possible that they could take away an unintended message from seeing that happen to someone they look up to and nothing being done about it.
That's not what we should be telling young girls.
It made me think of [this](https://youtu.be/rCjn-24mMqY) and now I have to go watch everything he did.
He said it meant I was hot.
Personally, I just found it funny.
Not sure why you're defending him.
It's unfair for me to say anything about her particular situation and I apologize.
But it's nice you want to see the best in people.
I still wished she would break his face though.
Now THAT is a funeral I'd like to attend.
You can not defend him.
You think she's going to publicly respond to this?
If you think that’s racist you’re going to have a hard time living in this world.
I'm uncomfortable just looking at the photos.
