Original Response:
[deleted]
Vaping Postman started out on [Vapers.tv](https://Vapers.tv) like alot of UK reviewers did, then when VTV died a merciful death he and others moved over to youtube.  You really ought to search out some of the UK reviewers on the tube, many of them are really well known and straight up good guys, and present opinions that often differ and are interesting.  Vaping With Vic, SoulOhm, Devil Vaper, Cornish Vaper, Vaping Biker, Cloud Estate, Professor Vapes, Ralfys Reviews, Todds Reviews....all these are in the UK.  I might mention a couple South African vape reviewers who are excellent too...KZOR and TheFogVlog.  What I find really amusing is that many of them don't give a Royal Rats Ass about American reviewers or their opinions.  And why should they, really?   If you only watch a few American reviewers you owe it to yourself to check out reviews from different parts of the world for sure.  You'd be surprised at how many Really Good DIY shows are on that aren't North American.  Nuff said.
Vaping Biker is one of my regulars.
Yeah I totally agree. I've watched a handful of the reviewers you mentioned and as reviewers, they all do a much better job than the american ones. KZOR especially is a cheerful fella who keeps it a lot more "real" than /u/JaiHaze ever does. Bogan is also a top cunt but I'm biased coming from down under.
Abd that’s because you don’t like my opinion and you calling someone a cunt proves your from one of those respective countries. Gtfo
Me calling bogan a top cunt is giving him a great compliment, akin to saying he's a stand up bloke. 
I've actually watched and enjoyed a lot of your older videos as well as some episodes of inside the minds. And yeah my opinions may differ to yours but that goes without saying with regards to anyone from anywhere about any topic. It's not just Americans who watch YouTube. 
Btw Jai, Reddit is a public platform, not some YouTube member exclusive or Patreon chat that you can tell people to gtfo when you got your panties in a bunch.
No but I’m one of the few if any YouTube reviewers that actually come here and chat with other vapers
There are a number of folks from the YouTube vape community that also post on Reddit. But credit where it's due, it's respectable you also engage with the Reddit vape community in your own unique way. Just try not to be a cunt next time.
Not being a cunt. I’m acting the same way you are. Get respect when you give respect
Really? Cause I don’t remember seeing you comment on any post that wasn’t related to you in someway. 

Annnnnnnd three pages of your comment history gives me two comments not directly related to you at first glance and their both in the same thread.
you can click on my link and there has been a link already where a moderator commented on me being active here - here is to help you out https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/9dl7t7/that_moment_when_the_people_in_your_life_realize/e5igs5d/
Maybe I misunderstood the comment I originally replied to. When you said you came here to chat with other vapers I thought you meant about vaping in general not just whatever shitstorm of the month you’re involved with.
Biker and Vic are about the only two I watch anymore aside from Grimm. Biker hits a soft spot given he will mention how a certain atty will be tough for people with motor function issues in the hands.
You have to at least give him credit for showing up when we're talking shit about him. That takes balls and the only other one I've seen do it other than Jai is Morten Oen. While I may not agree with Morten and was pretty damn right rude to him at points I'll give him credit for showing up to discuss his abomination and respond to the shit talking.
That’s the only shit I’m notified of. I am on every social media platform and doing a lot of sht.
No that’s fair. Like I said I misinterpreted your original comment
All good brother
If he didn’t appear to be the type of person who thrives in this shit yah. 

Oen from the little I know of him doesn’t seem to have beef going on a quarterly basis. 

Jail on the other hand, I’m not sure if he thrives on the controversy or just does it to maintain brand recognition.
yup.  you can only pay attention to so much,  and you show up when pinged.  As damn Courtney Love once said,   you don't read your press,  you weigh it....  as polarizing as you are,  you can only be in so many places at a time lol,  and all i know is that you show up fucking here when there is a shitstorm,  and again,  as a mod,  I respect that,  and welcome your participation in the sub,  whether it opining or simply setting your side of things straight.   Now there is football for me to watch,  so I hope people keep it civil.  thanks.
I only attack when provoked ;)
You have a point. But I'm okay with that. That's part of what I like about Jai and his YT channel. I'm not a fan of drama but he entertains me while being an honest reviewer. He's kind of like the WWE of YT reviewers. Both a master of his craft and entertaining. If people want to pick fights with him publicly I'll watch the drama unfold and laugh knowing damn well I don't care and none of it personally affects me. The dudes that pick fights with him are probably doing it trying to increase their views because they have to know damn well he's going to go in on them and don't have the following he does.
bingo from what I've seen... and life can be to short to be chasing down us idiots on reddit.
🤷🏻‍♂️

We’re all riding our own horses.
I personally can’t stand Vic
Well a lot do but they use a different name
Those air flow vids were absolute garbage though
Without a doubt. But we don't grasp the complexities of perfect airflow nor do we wape like he does. LOL
I tried his way on the rabbit he basically says fill up all empty space with cotton well that obviously restricts airflow
But wick harder and flat wire are the solution for everything. /s
Ha but I do wick hard not sure if it matter just what I have always done
Vic's a nippy wankstain. Endless vlogs about his disablity benefits. Promising he would NEVER start a patreon. Then starting a patreon and shilling the fuck out of it.
  
And his fucking little soyboy selfie thumbnail photos as well.
  
Cunt lives with his mum and is a late thirties virgin. He was notorious online previously for being a massive lying cunt in the Star Trek PC gaming community, claiming he worked for a game studio when he didn't, trying to throw his weight around based on his fake job. His absolute love for drama and throwing people under the bus and kicking up shit as well in the "review scene", all whilst saying he doesn't like drama, is fucking hilarious. His weekly shows are just 4 dudes sitting around circlejerking about how much better they are than the other reviewers (TVP included), talking absolute shit like they're in fucking high school.
  
Besides all of that petty personal shit, his reviews are shite too. All the reviewers are shite. Fed up with their inescapable drama pish. Grow the fuck up cunts. DJLSB and PBusardo are about the only two good ones going, unfortunately though they're also severely over-verbose and need to trim their goddamn videos.
  
Also the RTA in question is just a copy of the Triple RTA from VV.
Yes, discussion on the internet takes so much balls. He shows up because he thrives on drama.
Even if so he appears and makes his presence known. I can't say that for most other YouTubers.
Most YouTubers don't get off on drama and fanboy bs so they reddit under an alt. Perfect example of this is AVE
Even if they normally Reddit under an alt (which I can understand) they should still make themselves known when there's a discussion about them or their products. I don't expect it every time but if there's a huge discussion or they're being incorrectly accused of shit it would be nice to show they have some guts and will interact with us. It seems like most of them only want to engage their dick riding fan base.
&gt; It seems like most of them only want to engage their dick riding fan base.

Like Jai haze?
Not really because he's willing to engage people outside of his "hazers". I'm sure a good majority of his online interaction is with his private group and shit but he's willing to step outside of a group that's going to be constantly praising him and possibly face hostility. As I said the only other YouTuber to do that is Morten Oen to my knowledge. The rest seem a bit spineless. I'm not speaking negatively of them but it says something about Jai and Morten's character to me. Even if Jai is doing it because he thrives on drama at least he does it.
Off the top of my head grimmgreen and pbusardo both reddit. Nick stopped about a year ago and to be honest, I don't blame him.

The internet vape community at large isn't what it used to be and most of the close knit good naturedness of it is all but gone. I myself actually deleted my primary ECR account, closed my business, and moved on to other things because it simply wasn't my scene anymore.

I'm sure I'm not the only one that feels this way.

AVE has far more fan interaction and positive community contribution than any vaping youtuber out there and I think a lot of it has to do with the uptick in toxic behavior in the vaping community. 

I personally wouldn't even try anymore but perhaps my experiences have left me a bit jaded and disenchanted.

 A perfect example of toxic behavor that dates way back is when vaporjoe and his goons intentionally racked up a huge amount of fines for vaperslam back when it was in Winston-Salem by vaping at the smoke detectors in the hotel the convention was hosted in. 

If I recall correctly the fire department showed up something like 16 times that weekend and because it's a hotel, they didn't just send 1 engine so I imagine the fines were insane.

Then there was the whole deal where vaporjoe sat there throwing cash into the crowd during the Plumes of Hazzard live show to disrupt the show.

The community is poisoned by toxic personalities and regardless of how "fearlessly" he interacts with his fans, Jai haze is just another one of those toxic personalities.

Summary:
He shows up because he thrives on drama.
I can't say that for most other YouTubers.
It's not just Americans who watch YouTube.
I'm not a fan of drama but he entertains me while being an honest reviewer.
Even if Jai is doing it because he thrives on drama at least he does it.
You have to at least give him credit for showing up when we're talking shit about him.
And why should they, really?
No but I’m one of the few if any YouTube reviewers that actually come here and chat with other vapers.
As I said the only other YouTuber to do that is Morten Oen to my knowledge.
Vaping Biker is one of my regulars.
That's part of what I like about Jai and his YT channel.
