Original Response:
My main love language is words of affirmation, and I find that my boyfriend doesn’t really express that a lot. In fact, he doesn’t express a lot of his emotional feelings a lot. I know that he likes me, I am not doubting that, but I am having trouble because I enjoy words of affirmation and not getting them from him is taking a toll on our relationship. I have talked to him about it and asked him to work on it a little bit, and he acknowledges that he doesn’t do it a lot, but I really haven’t seen too much progress. I’m not expecting him to always be complimenting me or anything like that, but something every once in a while as opposed to never is what I would like. 

I am trying to think more rationally about this, as I am one to think more based on emotions and that doesn’t always produce the best resolution. I of course really like him and think/hope we can work on it, but I don’t know how to think more rationally about it all. 

What is the next step I should take with him? Should I talk to him again about him improving in that area and seeing if he can improve? Or is it a lost cause? Is it better to date someone who has the same love language as you?

TL;DR: My boyfriend [22M] and I [22F] have different love languages and it is affecting our relationship because he isn’t improving on communicating in my love language even after I talked to him about it.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
This is toxic masculinity at its finest.

I feel much better if my partner talks to me and tells me what's going on. I can do something then. -- even if it's just  a hug, or listening to him, or trying to get him food he likes.

But not knowing what's wrong means I can't do anything. I can try and help, but, it's hard -- maybe I should spend more time with him? But what if he's feeling smothered?  What if he wants time by himself, but what if he's feeling ignored?
[removed]
[removed]
Im sorry you have had such shitty relationships.

Nothing there sounds healthy on either side.
[removed]
Me?  No, I've had great relationships with women; I just know that clarity is more important than ambiguity and that women are fickle creatures, and always have been.  It's just part of who and what they are, and frankly I'd be concerned if a woman wasn't especially fickle.  You can only do so much to make a woman happy, but if you don't have some boundaries, you could end up rather unhappy because she thinks she doesn't have to do much to earn your praise and affection.  Both partners always have to do this, unless one or the other, for some real reason, can't do it very well like there's an illness or injury or something.  
Relationships require works.  Sorry, but they do, and the reason why women can be so fickle like this is because largely they don't quite understand men, especially today's Western women (Eastern women have a different issue), who have been taught a radical form of egalitarianism that ignores the differences between men and women on a fundamental level.  
Men are expected to be leaders, and we're really not taught how to be anymore, because of this radical egalitarianism.  At the same time, when we don't lead, women become more miserable in the relationship.  Why is it that when dating women prefer men to pick the places they're going?  Sure, they want some input, and we're glad to have it, but they want US to make the decision.  Why?

Accountability; remember what Melvin Udall said about women in As Good As It Gets, about how he writes women so well?  "I think of a man, and I take away reason and accountability."  Women fear accountability because accountability can be dangerous, and women naturally flee from danger.  And it's okay for them, in some sense, to do that.  After all, they have parts in them that make new human beings, and they're delicate.  They have to be cautious.  It's only natural.  Men are expected to be accountable, to face the fire when we mess up, and we have to embrace it.  In order to do that, we have to lead.  And that takes training, something we're not getting, as I said.
I have a very strong relationship as well, but my partner and I both have extremely different views on relationships than you. 

I think it would be more about compatible views than  that your views are some how better/more natural.
[removed]
Well, that's the 21st Century for you.  Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but then again I'm reminded of what G.K. Chesterton said:  Never take down a fence until you know the real reason it was put up.

Respect always has to be earned, not bestowed just because you're a woman.  Even if you're in a relationship, you always have to be worthy of respect, and if you're not, all the caterwauling in the world isn't going to help if you're not willing to change.  If this guy is just not a talker, for whatever reason, maybe there's a deeper reason, I don't know. 

But I know relationships.  I know how they work, and I know how fickle women are.  I know that if you do everything they say they want, they will still be unhappy because of something new, or old, or maybe her mood wasn't right that day.  It's just how they are.  A man cannot be responsible for her mood.  Just can't, and frankly it's a mark of immaturity for a woman to demand that he should be.  I know that might be an extreme, but consider what it is she's saying here.  She wants him to be more affectionate in a different way than he's used to.  Fine.  Earn it!  EARN IT!  I know, I know, that's a strange concept for anyone, man or woman, to hear in our modern age, where trophies are given for participation, but come on.  If you want happiness, do something to earn it.
I feel like if I'm in a serious relationship with someone, we should already hold a lot of respect for eachother. But I don't think respect nessararily means 'do what your partner wants'.  But listen and figure out something together.

Like, I'm really good at phone calls, general life admin, and household management but I hate when issues come up - an example that comes to mind is my upstairs neighbors kept flooding their bathroom which would leak into our loungeroom, or when we were moving house. 


 My partner is crap at that stuff. I would love it if he suddenly got better and I wasn't doing 100% of this work(phone calls, dealing with real estates that sort of stuff)  in our relationship but that's not realistic and me demanding that wouldn't be me listening and respecting his needs.

But during those periods, where there is constant back and forth with me trying to get an issue fixed, or trying to organize a move or something, he tends to pick up other things I do, thinks of my needs a bit more,  keeps checking in with me, etc.  I feel appreciated and that my struggles are acknowledged. He hasn't actually done anything directly for the problem, but he's still made me feel a lot better, to the point I don't even think of it as an issue, anymore.  Each task isn't being shared 50/50, but I do what I can, and he does what he can, and we work as a team still.


Maybe the partner of OP isn't someone who uses language a lot to express his feelings. That's ok. But there might something they can both do, that could solve the issue. Maybe talking isn't his thing, but for example, he might have been thinking about going on dates, and they would both be happier. Or maybe, he wants more physical affection, and he feels if he has more cuddles and sex, that he would feel more comfortable with verbalising his love.  It doesn't have to be either her not being happy or him having to do something he doesn't like. You can find something that works for everyone.

Summary:
I can do something then.
I know how they work, and I know how fickle women are.
It's just how they are.
But I don't think respect nessararily means 'do what your partner wants'.
I feel much better if my partner talks to me and tells me what's going on.
If you want happiness, do something to earn it.
And that takes training, something we're not getting, as I said.
What if he wants time by himself, but what if he's feeling ignored?
