Original Response:
How can we as a community respond to people’s ill informed version of Christianity when we know that it goes beyond the borders of any supposedly conservative political party/campaign? 

We know that the pinnacle of Christianity is not dependent on believers preferred political candidates, but our faith in Jesus and our personal endeavours to be more like Him.
Ultimately if someone dies a non-Christian it's because God has not given them the gift of perseverance, I don't think this can be blamed on politics. I've never met an atheist in real life who cited this as why they don't believe, in terms of issues driving people away there are much bigger ones.
Nah it's because of reason.
This was a tremendous stumbling block for me when I was an atheist.
Predestination or politics?
How so? Nice username, pretty similar
Well I think religion was a necessary social tool for pack mentality and teamwork in early human days. 

As a man of science, cosmopolitanism, and non-faith after highschool, I think it's a force (not the only one) keeping world citizenship a pipedream. It's a bit radical but I advocate for a "new world order" in the sense that all humans have certain rights and it's on all of us to enforce the freedom to practice of those rights. Things like climate change are bigger than one country, it takes the world working together to solve it.
What is the deal with your username btw?
&gt;Well I think religion was a necessary social tool for pack mentality and teamwork in early human days.

That doesn't make it wrong, does it? I mean logic itself is a necessary social tool, otherwise we couldn't communicate practically and we'd all die, but I hope we'd agree that logic reaches truth either way. To say that religion developed for this reason is making a huge assumption, and to say that this is true for all religions would be very extreme. 

&gt;As a man of science, cosmopolitanism, and non-faith after highschool, I think it's a force (not the only one) keeping world citizenship a pipedream. It's a bit radical but I advocate for a "new world order" in the sense that all humans have certain rights and it's on all of us to enforce the freedom to practice of those rights. Things like climate change are bigger than one country, it takes the world working together to solve it.

It seems like you have some very admirable goals for the world, what standard do you use to say that they're good though?
My first name starts with an H, so it's H-man, then I was looking for something to add to that, so trying to be "so random" I chose 'chicken' for whatever reason.
I'd like to make it clear that I never said religion was bad. God advocates love above all and shit like that. I think it's a tool for nationalists and dictators to more easily control countries. More controversial topics like abortion/gay marriage are classically opposed by Christians in the US, and I think the GOP abuses the religious vote on these topics. 

I don't think denying all religion is more radical than believing a single (collection of) books with little to know outside confirmation is the ultimate truth to the universe. We have observed evolution of bacteria. We have Darwin's finches (Darwin was a Christian til his death). We have so much peer reviewed repeatable evidence that we emerged out of chaos, and 1 collection to say otherwise.

&gt;It seems like you have some very admirable goals for the world, what standard do you use to say that they're good though? 

Maybe global citizenship is reaching too far. I think that if we want to stick it out for the long run we have to have a collective mind. 

I don't think you can argue the morals of wanting to stop climate change and human rights abuse. If you have a reason then shoot though.
&gt;I'd like to make it clear that I never said religion was bad. God advocates love above all and shit like that. I think it's a tool for nationalists and dictators to more easily control countries. More controversial topics like abortion/gay marriage are classically opposed by Christians in the US, and I think the GOP abuses the religious vote on these topics.
&gt;I don't think denying all religion is more radical than believing a single (collection of) books with little to know outside confirmation is the ultimate truth to the universe. We have observed evolution of bacteria. We have Darwin's finches (Darwin was a Christian til his death). We have so much peer reviewed repeatable evidence that we emerged out of chaos, and 1 collection to say otherwise.

So, with all due respect I'm kind of confused here. Our conversation started by my saying that people not being Christian is ultimately because of God's gift of perseverance from election, while you said it's from reason. I asked how that's the case, then you explained the evolutionary advantage of religion in our early days compared to the potential to become more cosmopolitan and such. Are you saying that this is why you're not religious or is it more a general problem with religion independent of that? 

If that's not the reason, what would your objection to Christianity be? 

&gt;I don't think you can argue the morals of wanting to stop climate change and human rights abuse. If you have a reason then shoot though.

Well, my point goes further than that. You hold certain things as good (I do too), but if they're good, there needs to be a standard that makes it so. What would your standard be?
Yeah after re-reading I never really answered the question, rather gave support for what my answer would be. 

Religion helped us go from animals to people. Our minds seem to be not content with mystery. Back in the day we wanted an answer to why we are here. That answer for a long time was a god put us here. Reason comes into play when we have scientific evidence saying humans resulted from big bang atoms chaos physics and plenty of time in between. 

What I believe is that we don't need an answer of why we're here anymore, we know. And it's a depressing truth. I think hanging on to a religion constantly being challenged by science, with the only evidence being one collection of books, is a lack of reason. 

My basis for right/wrong does not come from a single source (I'll reiterate that the only evidence is one book), rather from a mix of cosmopolitan and socialistic philosophy and admittedly personal or selfish philosophy. 

Is that a bit more clear?

Summary:
I don't think you can argue the morals of wanting to stop climate change and human rights abuse.
I'd like to make it clear that I never said religion was bad.
&gt;I'd like to make it clear that I never said religion was bad.
I don't think denying all religion is more radical than believing a single (collection of) books with little to know outside confirmation is the ultimate truth to the universe.
Well I think religion was a necessary social tool for pack mentality and teamwork in early human days.
I think it's a tool for nationalists and dictators to more easily control countries.
