Original Response:
Good question. Here are some:

1) Homosexuality (damn. this gets brought up a lot doesnt it). To be more specific: How can we love gays, regardless of whether we affirm it or reject it.

2) New Perspective on Paul. I personally had always suspected that historically Christians have forgotten how Jewish the Pauline Epistles were. Modern theology rests upon a bedrock of anti-semitism and ahistorical ignorance of how Jewish the entire Bible really is.

3) God's goodness. Whenever I hear John Piper speak of God's sovereignty apart from God's goodness (e.g. saying that God is glorified when people are predestined for hell and are burnt in hell forever for his glory), I frankly want to puke, even though the rest of his theology is pretty darn good.

4) How God's justice relates to God's mercy. (e.g. does God's mercy means we dont seek God's justice, e.g. when someone is raped and she forgives the rapist, does this means she doesnt seek justice?)
As a gay person, I think the answer is that you can't love me while telling me you don't support the most meaningful human relationship in my life. We can agree to disagree on the best flavor of Gatorade, but aren't there limits? Can I still be considered loving if I sweetly tell you that I'm morally opposed to adoption, knowing that you have an adopted child you love? What does that imply? That I think the world would be better off if that child was not your child?
Yes, your point is one of worthy consideration. which is precisely why I am wrestling with it.
Fair enough.
I've always compared it to how I'm a christian and I have atheist friends who say stuff like "all religious people are mentally damaged" or "Religion is the root of so much violence in the world, we should just lock them up and stamp it out (except you /u/CharlesComm, you're the exception)".

I don't doubt that they are my friends and they love me, but it still hurts to hear them say stuff like that, and that they don't support the most meaningful relationship in my life. Ultimately, yes they do think the world would be better if there were no Christians, and that I would be better if I renounced my faith. But we can still be friends because I know that despite it they do still genuinely care for me.

Of course, I'm not gay, so I have no idea if this translates well at all. I am in no way claiming the anti-religious views of my friends are the same as the societal homophobia that has existed for so long, it' s just my way of understanding what people who say "love sinner, but not the sin" actually mean. (And I'm also category A, "Gay marriage is 'probably' fine", atm)
So, I'm curious: let's say we have a white nationalist who *genuinely* believes non-white people would be better off leaving the country. Would preaching that from the street corner be loving? 

The point I'm trying to get at is that the criteria for loving behavior can't *just* be whether someone genuinely believes they're invested in another's best interest. People genuinely believe all sorts of terrible things about what would be best for other people.
Let's take your adoption example. First of all, I'll just say for the record that I don't think adoption is a sin but it will be for the purpose of this comment.

So, adoption is a sin. You can't have children naturally for whatever reason but you reallllly want a child. The only viable option is adoption. You make the decision to adopt. I think I can tell you that I'm morally opposed to the action because it is a sin. It is my belief that this sin will have eternal consequences. If I don't express that, I'm not truly caring about you in the long term. But, I can also be supportive of you and your adopted child while not supporting the action. I know a lot of people who think that pre or extramarital sex is a sin but love family members who are a product of such an act.
Well I'd say that's not loving mostly because it's not personal. I know my friends personally and know that they love me despite their hurtful beliefs and words. That's very different from preaching from the street corner. However, I think it's possible for a white nationalist to genuinely believe non-white people would be better off leaving the country, and to genuinely love someone who's non-white.

Similarly, I'd say someone shouting homophobic rhetoric from the streetcorner isn't loving. I completely agree that the criteria for loving behaviour can't just be whether someone genuinely believes they're invested in another's best interest.
Sticking with your metaphor, if a person truly wishes and hopes for the best for both myself and my child, and sincerely believes that the act of adoption is acting against our best interests, I would still consider them loving. 

Just as with all people we love we want them not to take actions, or live in a way, that is ultimately damaging to them as a person. Parents don't stop loving their drug addicted children because they refuse to support them financially.  It is through their deep love that they strongly discourage and hinder the child's destructive behavior. Or even with something such as cigarette smoking, you can take the habit of smoking as a detestable part of a person, while still loving and appreciating them in their entirety. You can enjoy the companionship of a person and wish them the best in everything while still hating and discouraging their smoking. 

If someone were to see the act of adopting children as being analogs to the use of hard drugs, or even cigarettes, then they would be right to dissuade the people they love from adopting. They may believe that the act of adoption ultimately leads to a damaging relationship between the child and adoptive parents, that it puts undue strain on a couples otherwise biological children, and that the best solution would be for the child to be raised communally in a caring and dedicated orphanage. They may believe that by adopting a child we are ultimately causing harm, but recognize that as humans we are just as worthy and deserving of love and respect as any another person on the planet and act just as charitable and loving to my family as they do to any other. 

In this particular case I would say that the person has very wrong ideas about adoption, and is delusional. The person has a wrong believe, but I am not one to cast someone down, hate, berate, or place an overall condemning judgment on someone solely based on one of their delusions. Especially if the person still holds the overall love of the person above what they perceive as their downfalls.
The things is, people disagree on what is and isn't sin. In the adoption example, one may think and genuinely believe that adoption is a sin, but that doesn't mean other people think and genuinely believe that adoption is a sin.

What if the person who adopted already worked out their beliefs and came to a consistent biblical interpretation that concludes adoption isn't a sin before they even adopted in the first place? What should their take away be when someone then expresses that they personally believe their adoption is inherently sinful and that they need to repent and be transformed?

Now, take that example, which is a choice, and apply it to homosexuality, which isn't a choice. While people freely choose whether or not to adopt, people don't freely choose which sex they're attracted to.
Yep. That's where things get weird and no one will know for sure until the end. 

What should their take away be when someone then expresses that they personally believe their adoption is inherently sinful and that they need to repent and be transformed?

i guess you would have to judge by intent. Is this person concerned about me or are they looking to ridicule me?

Now, take that example, which is a choice, and apply it to homosexuality, which isn't a choice. While people freely choose whether or not to adopt, people don't freely choose which sex they're attracted to.

In that example, the inability to have a children would be the part that isn't a choice. The decision to adopt would be the choice made because of it.
The problem with judging by intent is that a lot of bad and harmful actions are done with good intent. I mean, it's one thing to have good intent but just not know any better, however, if you know someone's already worked through all of that in their spirituality and they just came to a different conclusion than you, does the intent behind insisting what they're doing is inherently sinful matter anymore?

One can have what they believe to be the best intentions, but if they're a constant source of negativity in your life and won't accept what you have to say, then are they truly being an example of love even if they're generally supportive of you as a person?
That's exactly why I don't really buy the sincere best interest defense. People can be sincerely wrong, and because if it, a great source of negativity in your life.
That makes sense, and it's something that as an atheist, I have to keep in mind around my Christian friends, many of whom hold beliefs that I strongly disagree with. However, there is one key difference between this and homosexuality.

In general, religious beliefs are based on what a person is taught. People are brought up in the religion of their parents or of those around them. Those beliefs can change as they get older and learn more about the world. Most people experience changes in their religious beliefs as they mature, and it's not uncommon to change religions completely. When you criticize a person's religion, you're calling for that person to change their beliefs, which they are capable of doing.

On the other hand, sexual orientation is something that can't be changed. It is an inherent part of the person, and they will be that way for their entire lives. They have the ability to choose how to act upon it, but it will always be part of their identity. When you criticize a person for being gay, you're saying that what they **are** is wrong, and nothing can ever change that.
&gt; Whenever I hear John Piper speak of God's sovereignty apart from God's goodness (e.g. saying that God is glorified when people are predestined for hell and are burnt in hell forever for his glory), I frankly want to puke, even though the rest of his theology is pretty darn good.

The problem is you cannot separate John Piper's theology of God's glory from his view of predestination because both are ultimately found in the same root. That's the issue with Calvinism - it's absolutely logically airtight, but it is predicated upon some very toxic presuppositions.
I would argue that romantic relationships are not the most meaningful relationships in life and thinking otherwise I'd reflective if American consumerism and commercialism.
&gt; Modern theology rests upon a bedrock of anti-semitism and ahistorical ignorance of how Jewish the entire Bible really is.

I've heard it described as jewish fetishism. These christians are excited to meet jews not because they want to actually learn about judaism, but because they want to learn how it supports christianity. Any time it doesn't they will react badly to.
...what? What human relationship is closer than that between, say, spouses?
Any relationship can be. It's not about the category, it's about the substance. 

American pop culture and consumerism uses romantic relationships to sell you things which makes you think this category is the most important category, but it is simply not true. 

For instance, Epicurus was the orginal hedonist philosopher who taught friendship was more valuable than romantic love.
Are you equating "romantic love" with *just* sex or something?
[deleted]
No. Mind blowing right? It's hard for a lot of Westerners in consumerist cultures to even approach this idea as a possibility. Which is why you'll find many American churches to be super focused on finding a spouse and getting married.
Not mind-blowing, just implausible. Even without Valentine's Day consumerism, I'm still much closer with my partner than any friend.
Maybe trying to have a more multicultural view of the human condition and not just what is commercialized in America as human happiness.

Summary:
So, adoption is a sin.
The things is, people disagree on what is and isn't sin.
Let's take your adoption example.
That I think the world would be better off if that child was not your child?
Well I'd say that's not loving mostly because it's not personal.
As a gay person, I think the answer is that you can't love me while telling me you don't support the most meaningful human relationship in my life.
What should their take away be when someone then expresses that they personally believe their adoption is inherently sinful and that they need to repent and be transformed?
Just as with all people we love we want them not to take actions, or live in a way, that is ultimately damaging to them as a person.
In this particular case I would say that the person has very wrong ideas about adoption, and is delusional.
The point I'm trying to get at is that the criteria for loving behavior can't *just* be whether someone genuinely believes they're invested in another's best interest.
I completely agree that the criteria for loving behaviour can't just be whether someone genuinely believes they're invested in another's best interest.
