Original Response:
[removed]
[deleted]
She took a key from under a rock and I didn't think anything of it, people forget their keys sometimes.  I met her at a club. I didn't get her number.
Do you even know her name? Probably not her real one...
Does that matter?
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Plus, the ex-friend would know it
Not good enough to be worth this!
Call 911.  Trust me they have heard way worse.  Cops might even be able to get your wallet back.
That is the last thing that I would do.  I don't know if she stole anything. I don't want to get accused of stealing anything, or arrested for being an involuntary burglar.
&gt; I don't want to get accused of stealing anything

well you'd be a pretty terrible thief to steal, stay in the house you're stealing and call 911 yourself
If they have any kind of home security system and don't see you initially the cops may be called anyways-whether it be when you trip the alarm or when they spot your walk of shame on camera.
Bruh, fucking go down there, explain the situation, ask for your wallet back, and call the cops. Easy. It's the responsible thing to do.
I agree, it's better if he calls the cops otherwise he won't have a chance of proving he is not guilty.
What and get shot ?
You’re going to get accused of stealing or burglaring if you don’t go downstairs right now and explain what happened and make yourself known. OP you’re gonna end up in a much worse situation if you don’t come clean. Call downstairs and ask for help, and say she lied and tricked you. They know this girl, and she has a history with the family. Worst case, they call the cops and you explain the situation. The longer you hide, the worse this situation looks. You try and sneak out and they catch you, it looks horrible. You just need to be honest
unless you are in america, there is a real chance you may get shot
They're gonna be shocked regardless. They'll be even more pissed off if you fling yourself out the window and break your leg on their property. If you're black I totally understand why you don't feel calling the cops is a good idea. Wait for them to cool down a bit and then make your way downstairs explaining who you are and what happened. State that the girl led you back to the house under a false impression. 

Or take the risk and wait to they go out for the day then leave. But it's better in terms of looking like a burglar to just suck it up and go downstairs and explain yourself.
In America, doubt hell get shot if he announces himself. He'd most likely get shot if he didnt
That's what they want you to think.  It's such a bad idea that it's the perfect crime.
Do this and explain the situation then 911 can call the house and explain for you.
The perfect crime.
That's exactly what the nefarious organizations want you to believe.
I do have balls and I'm currently thinking that they got me into this mess.  Looking to them for guidance on getting out if it does not seem like a good idea.
It depend on if the guy is carrying a gun on him, he may panic at the sudden appearance and shoot. i mean wasnt it just a few day ago a women walked into the wrong house and shot dead his neighbour? yeah low chance but still very possible
How hot is she on a 1-10 scale?
Or who knows how police friendly the family is.  If a shootout develops the family will surely come upstairs, they're going to want the high ground.
She stole your wallet
Seriously, the best thing to do in this situation is alert authorities. Thieves don’t call the cops, they jump out of second story windows.
This is the most important question here honestly.
If you do get shot, try to bleed on *everything*. That'll teach them.
Maybe the worst advice I've ever heard. Idk what I expected from a socially awkward redditor.
A trigger happy cop killing a dude while she was drunk isn't comparable.
&gt; a women walked into the wrong house and shot dead his neighbour

Just to make sure we're absolutely clear here - A *policewoman* walked into a neighbor's apartment and shot him because she claims she thought it was her apartment. 

Since this is in a conversation that seems to be claiming that guns and gun owners shoot random people, I want to point out that the example you just gave belonged to the one class that would likely have been permitted to have a gun even under very strict gun control.
It came out that they used to date and it was just coldblooded murder
Do it.  Do it now.
That woman was a cop. And clearly not a good one
There isn't snow in America at the moment
[removed]
Well she’s very clearly batshit which means that on the Hot-Crazy Matrix she’s at least an 8 and I bet her name is Tiffany.
Duuuude. The cover up is always worse than the crime. And in this case, you’re not actually guilty of anything! If you’re legitimately trapped upstairs in a home you weren’t invited into by the legal residents but by their crazy friend who misled you, stop trying to figure out how to get out sight unseen (it ain’t happening) and own up to it. She’s the guilty one here, not you. Doing anything other than admitting you’re there makes you look 100% complicit.
Well considering where she obviously was on the crazy scale I would have to assume a 6+ for hotness
America's Least Wanted

Summary:
I don't know if she stole anything.
Worst case, they call the cops and you explain the situation.
I didn't get her number.
That's what they want you to think.
Do this and explain the situation then 911 can call the house and explain for you.
He'd most likely get shot if he didnt.
I don't want to get accused of stealing anything, or arrested for being an involuntary burglar.
Do you even know her name?
