Original Response:
**Hi, I’m Alexandria Brown**, author of *The Noble Person Does Not Sin,* a memoir about my intimate friendship with a fascist politician named [Augustus Sol Invictus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Augustus_Sol_Invictus)—the former candidate for U.S. Senator in Florida with the Libertarian party who wrote the first draft of the official Charlottesville manifesto. Augustus is accused of extreme domestic violence, and I am the person who helped to expose those allegations.

I’ve put a little more introductory info into a post on my blog [here](http://alexandriabrown.tumblr.com/post/178418726483/i-am-alexandria-brown-a-dominatrix-who-recently).

**To be clear:** W*hile I had an intimate relationship with Augustus, he was never my client. I am not outing him as involved in BDSM. I mention my profession because Augustus* [*outed me as a sex worker*](http://therevolutionaryconservative.com/blog/lesbian-sex-scorched-earth-campaigns/) *in retaliation for my role in exposing the allegations.*

Feel free to ask me anything about my experience with Augustus Sol Invictus, contemporary U.S. fascism (the “alt-right”), or domestic violence. I have been a sex worker since age 19, and I currently work as a dominatrix—you may ask me about that, too.·  

Links:       [Here](https://truepic.com/559ueu7m) is proof of my identity[Here](https://audioboom.com/posts/7019416-incipit-tragoedia-with-alexandria-brown) is a podcast interview I did yesterday, with further background.[Here](http://alexandriabrown.tumblr.com/post/178414066688/frequently-asked-questions) is a FAQ, so you can see whether I’ve already started to answer your question

**NOTE (10/10/17):** My book has been pulled from distribution due to Augustus Invictus making a spurious complaint about defamation to my publisher. I will be revising and republishing my book over the next year. In the meantime, I have made [a free version of it](https://www.scribd.com/document/390169083/The-Noble-Person-Does-Not-Sin-A-Tragedy-In-Three-Parts-by-Alexandria-Brown) available on Scribd. If you'd like to follow my work, and even help me in my struggle to get my story out, please consider [subscribing to my Patreon.](https://www.patreon.com/alexandriabrown) :)

xo

Alexandria
Has he talked anything about Trump in power making it easier to be mainstream extremist?

Like is it easier to be openly extremist now that the president has made hate speaches ?
What hate speeches specifically?
[Sea Lioning is a bad look.](https://i.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/873/260/a5b.png)
Relying on fringe definitions of hate speech to fit your narrative is a bad look.
Hah, that comic is amazing.
"fringe definitions"

I'd laugh, but honestly I gotta ask what you think racism is. Is it only racism once a white person has personally strung up a black person?
Are you not able to recognize when something is racist without having to post a comic strip to try and stretch the meaning? That would definitely explain a lot ....
The comic strip was an example of Sea Lioning, because the person I was replying too was Sea Lioning.

That was as far as it went. Trump has said racist shit in his speeches, that's just reality.
No he hasn’t. He has a hardline stance on immigration and you don’t like it. You’re labeling it as racist because you want anyone who disagrees with you to look bad.
[removed]
[removed]
He broadly calls immigrants rapists from shithole countries. While it may not be in your politically correct world, that is racism.
In other words, you have literally no examples of actual hate speech and are trying to cope by posting a lame comic as a response. I dont know why I expected anything more substantial from jobless reddit liberals like yourself.
Link the actual full text of the speech in which this happened. Are you sure he was talking about *immigrants?* Or was he talking about *illegal immigrants?* I know leftists like to pretend otherwise, but there is a massive distinction between the two.
Omg...I'm so tired of reading this crap. If you ppl are going to keep repeating that shit at least repeat it right. He did not call immigrants rapists, he was talking specifically about ms13 and even says it a few words before that sentence. 

Donald trump is a stuck up pampered guy that I would never want to have to actually meet, but seriously though...everyone is spitting shit on both sides that just isn't true.

Btw, the Haiti shit hole comment was because something like 30 thousand Haitians have illegally overstayed their visa the last time we took them in after a disaster(great thank you, right?). when he brought up during a convo shot bringing in more, they ignored his comment and just kept pushing, so he does what trump does best. Says something controversial to get his point heard. Btw, haiti IS a shit hole even if it's not nice to say. The American government was purpose built for American citizens. We shouldn't be forced into a position like this without the right to say it like it is sometimes.
He doesn't call anyone rapists broadly. He's said that Mexico isn't sending its best across the border illegally - drugs and crime tend to cross the border illegally quite often. And there's no actual recording of him saying "shithole countries". In fact, it's been disputed by multiple sources.
When fringe groups bent on violence/racism/oppression appear, such as Gamer Gate, the Proud Boys, and the alt-right, there seems to be a somewhat dismissive reaction that can basically be summed up as "Look at these silly, impotent virgins" (see /r/beholdthemasterrace for a reddit example).

Recently, however, some such as Senior Vice gaming report Patrick Klepak have come out and said that perhaps dismissing Gamer Gate allowed it to grow into something that, for a time at least, had real impact on people's lives, spread a lot of hate, and caused a lot of pain.

As someone who has been close to these figures and sexually intimate with them, and how has experience as a sex worker, do you think the dismissal of these fringe hate groups is helpful or hurtful? Do you think there is a connection between sexual frustration and joining such a group? Do you find you have sex work clients that fit this pattern?
This is a great question. I have had this exact experience you describe—a community of people in a libertarian Facebook group who were initially very supportive of my story ultimately became rather cruel in how they reacted to me talking about it, because, they said, Augustus was just a "silly goth LARPer" who I am enabling by taking so seriously.  


It's hard to say whether dismissal is helpful or not as a rule. I think the question needs to be more specific—what type of dismissal, of which specific groups, in what context? I obviously believe that completely dismissing Augustus is not wise. I feel that many of these men will fade away when ignored, but others are a ticking time bomb. If I had to guess, I'd group Augustus in the latter category. Immediately after I learned he was a fascist, I entertained the idea of trying to validate him and engage him further in conversation to try to change his views, but I realized that was futile pretty quickly.

I do think there's a connection between sexual frustration and joining this type of group. Men are taught that their prowess with women is one of the fundamental determinants of their worth as a man, yet we live in a world where 1) it's often pretty hard for men to find intimacy even if they try, and also 2) men are told that they are only allowed to want sex, not emotional intimacy and vulnerability. This sets them up for failure, since not tons of women really want to be with a completely emotionally illiterate man. When you join a fringe group like this, you are able to derive your sense of masculinity from other sources than the approval of women—especially since these groups tend to diminish women's agency, creating a sort of world where the man can act as he likes completely regardless of the thoughts or opinions of women around him.

I have definitely had sex work clients who fit the reactionary and/or incel stereotype. Sometimes they are extremely hateful towards me, and act like I am a predator who forces men to give me money. Usually, though, it's not that harsh. When I sense a client is sort of on the fringes of society and genuinely has a serious lack of social skills, I try my best to validate their emotions without either endorsing any pathological views they might have, or embarrassing them by making it too obvious that they are emotionally vulnerable. I often get to successfully challenge some of their attitudes about gender and sexuality in the conversations I have with them, especially if they become regular customers. It's a fun part of my job.

I hope that makes sense!
This is fascinating and its clear that you have given this some thought. Thank you for the detailed response and for adding an expert voice to the discussion.
How was gamer gate bent on sexism racism or oppresion?
[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamergate\_controversy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gamergate_controversy)
[removed]
How are you conflating gamer-gate with that other stuff, pretty sure that was about feminism being pushed into video-games.
Guess we can fit antifa right in that list too
[deleted]
Here’s some advice that I think you really, truly need. 

Stop fucking around with horrible people.
You've said that you'll probably always love him.

Why?
Thanks for asking this. Knowing Augustus allowed me to begin to process the death of my father, because Augustus played a paternal role for me in my father's absence, and because Augustus' personality reminded me of my father. It's cliché, but he allowed me to feel like I was a child again in some ways, in the sense that I felt okay just as I was and unconditionally accepted by him. This is an elusive experience for me, since as a former child prodigy I felt I lost out on childhood and always had to prove my worth via great achievements. I felt that I was able to simply be myself—and be a woman—in relation to Augustus, and that was good enough. He also was a great source of artistic inspiration, for reasons that I don't fully understand, which probably are mostly subconscious. In any case, I have been able to carry what I experienced with him into my everyday life today, even though he is absent from my life now. I am grateful for that.  


I also believe he has mental illness, and I believe that some of the bad things he does are a result of that in a way that is beyond his conscious control. Thus, while I condemn any domestic violence he may have committed, reject his politics, and continue to fight against him in the actual world, in the abstract, I also don't bear him any ill will and I feel some compassion for him and the demons he must struggle with. I think of him sort of like a big cat or another type of apex predator. You're not angry at them necessarily, you just need to contain their threat and otherwise stay the hell out of their way.
This is quite complex but I think I can understand where you are coming from. Thanks for trying to explain.

What I get from what you're saying is that you see his humanity and love him as a human being, despite his horrible flaws and inexcusable behaviors.
Yeah, she has no interest in doing anything against him. This is just some attention seeking with a side bonus of making him look sympathetic.

Should have kept your messed up relationnship with a fascist in your pocket. Cheep cheep cheep.
&gt;I think of him sort of like a big cat or another type of apex predator. You're not angry at them necessarily, you just need to contain their threat and otherwise stay the hell out of their way.



This is pretty pathetic
He's not a big cat, he's a rabid dog. Feeling compassion is fine, and even appropriate, but it still has to be put down.
brownstrabbit, yes. I actually think it's worthwhile politically to share the fact that I love him as a human being, too.  We have a culture in the US today on the left of completely demonizing Nazis, by which I mean painting them as literally something other than human. Which means that if you encounter someone who you find to be lovable, you’ll assume it’s impossible that they’re a Nazi. However, I learned the hard way this is wrong. Nazis are actually human beings. Sometimes they are lovable, charismatic human beings—but they are still Nazis and still must be fought. it makes things more difficult to admit that—it becomes harder to commit violence against them, and it makes you acknowledge the capacity for great evil must also exist inside of you yourself. However, I still think it’s better than taking the easy route to the moral high-ground by painting Nazis as two-dimensional cartoon villains. We can’t afford to paint Nazis as two-dimensional, frankly. They’re dangerous and we need to ensure they can never take power in America.
&gt; I also don't bear him any ill will and I feel some compassion for him and the demons he must struggle with.

I was briefly married to an emotionally abusive, manipulative narcissist who also has borderline personality disorder.

I get it. 

He was terrible to me, and that’s why we’re not together anymore, but I don’t hate him. A lot of my friends and loved ones don’t understand how I can feel this way.

He was diagnosed while we were together and it’s all related to childhood traumas that he went through, how could I hold that against him?

I hate what he did to me, but I don’t hate him for doing it. 

EDIT - I wrote this in an attempt to be empathetic and understanding, but the more I think about it, the more I think about the fact that my ex wasn't a FUCKING NAZI.  My ex had a confirmed mental illness that made him struggle to feel empathy and made him difficult to live with, but that wasn't his choice.  Being a Nazi *is* a choice.  There is no mental illness makes someone a Nazi.
Seriously. The dude is trash. This ama is super weird. It’s like she is hinting that his beliefs and abuse really aren’t that big of a deal, I find it super strange. 

And this whole idea that she didn’t know he was a fascist... what? the dude has been widely known as nazi trash for *years*.
I think she's trying to remain detached.
One of the most sensible and enlightened things I've read here for a long time. Thank you :)
Maybe, but it also seems like she’s trying to paint a sympathetic picture of him and it’s weird af.
&gt; you just need to contain their threat and otherwise stay the hell out of their way.

nah, we don't just "stay the hell out of their way" when you're talking about actual nazis like him.  What a weird thing to say.  You don't just "stay out of their way" you do what it takes to prevent them from gaining power...  I am glad you're out of the relationship, and I'm very glad you're safe, but this whole ama is odd with how little concern you have with his obsession with actual murderous ideologies and his real world connections to actual murderous groups.
This is fascinating and oddly relatable.
She clearly rejects and condemns his political beliefs and his abusive actions.   


I wouldn't be surprised if he used a measure of manipulation and abuse in their relationship together too. Abusers like him are often very good at getting people to feel compassion for them, get them to sympathize and feel love for them. People like him abuse the very natural human instinct to connect and love one another.   


It's just sad and disgusting that a guy like him can't extend that same compassion to the human species at large.
I like the fact like this guy thinks he's the creme de la crop and that nobody's probably better than him in his department, while he doesn't even know what the fascism regime even is. He probably thinks that fascism=violence or some shit like that while in reality not only does it not correspond with the core idea behind fascism (it's not absolute racism, it's a mad love for your own country and only its peeps) but is also mega giga wrong. Perhaps it'd be the best if he's just step out from it before he gets shot at or something.
Well, it probably sounds like that because there’s no way she can be truly objective. You and I have a very black and white picture of the man, but it gets a little grey when you have such an intimate relationship with somebody.
There's so much wrong with this response and this entire IAMA. 

You're looking at your personal failing of not being able to see a Nazi for a Nazi and somehow putting that on all of society. It's amazing how you basically blame society for convincing you that all Nazis are monsters and if society had only portrayed Nazis as three-dimensional more you'd have realized a guy who a large majority of your friends, and a large majority of society, and YOU YOURSELF recognized as a Nazi (the reason you sought him out was for his views on fascism) was a Nazi. 

And now that you realized that associating with a Nazi has serious personal (and probably professional) repercussions you're trying to play it off as just an innocent victim of this fascist who was self-named AUGUST SOL INVICTUS for fuck's sake while attempting to cash in by selling a book "exposing" him. It's like trying to sell nudes of Sasha Grey and acting like they're rare. Ain't nothing you selling that he didn't scream to everybody years ago. 

The reason you didn't recognize him as a fascist racist scumbag isn't because society demonizes Nazis. It's because you are, or at least were, a fascist racist Nazi apologist. 

PS your fuck boy helped kill Heather Heyer and seriously injure DeAndre Harris. Apex predator indeed.
And, to add to your statement, even if someone doesn't identify with Nazism per say, there are plenty of people supporting the anti-human policies of the Trump-Republican party and agenda.  While this makes them despicable human beings that deserve ridicule and to be stripped of their political power, we cannot dehumanize them.  It's a tough place to be in.
From reality.
This is some straight-up "A Confederacy of Dunces"-style absurd dysfunctionality right here.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
She's trying to make a buck. AMA is trash.
I was clinically psychotic when I met Augustus; even if it was obvious he was a fascist then, that doesn't mean I would have been able to see it. The point that not all Nazis are 100% obvious monsters is just something positive I try to take from the experience. I'm sure not everyone needs to learn that lesson, but I needed to.

I can't imagine how you'd think I wouldn't realize associating with a fascist has personal/professional repercussions, nor do I believe myself to be an innocent victim. There are many things I would have done differently and many red flags I should have acknowledged. I ignored those things because of my own bias and my own investment in Augustus as a father figure after the death of my father. I've never pretended otherwise. . .?

I'm unfortunately not cashing in on anything, though, I don't make money off this. I'm trying to make sure he can't escape the domestic violence allegations—and I'm succeeding.

It's astonishing that you think that your comment here would be the first time I've ever thought about the fact that I was involved with a person who helped kill Heather Heyer &amp; injure DeAndre Harris. I mean, have some theory of mind, come on—how could that not completely haunt me?
&gt;   We have a culture in the US today on the left of completely demonizing Nazis...

Yes, how silly of people... wtaf.  Also, its not just the Left, almost everyone hates nazis lol...  Is this you augustus? posing as her? Come on, just admit it.
To be fair, this is a thread responding to "why do you love him". Of course she's going to paint him in a good light here. We can't prosecute him in her heart, we must prosecute him in some kind of court, legal or not. And this thread won't be admissible there.
[removed]
Yes, you're right that you don't simply stay out of their way. As I said—you contain their threat. Augustus had to drop out of his Senate race in part because of the DV allegations. I'm doing what I can to prevent him from exercising power.
&gt;I mean, have some theory of mind, come on—how could that not completely haunt me?

Because it's become your money-making raison d-etre and you are tirelessly promoting your involvement? You don't seem to have any shame or regret about it, it's just "hey read my book!"
I'm not gonna treat a nazi like a bloody apex predator, I'm gonna bloody well fight him every chance I get. The hell are you talking about "stay the hell out of their way"?
You're assuming a lot there mate, but what she is saying is actually a lot closer to what People in the 40 and 30's experienced with the nazi germany, this is not watering down the nazi behaviour,  it's actually more frightening to face that kinda person, knowing they can be social, charismatic and not some complete emotionless brick or sadistic shit in general,
but they have terrible ideas and would actually genocide cause they think it's the right thing to do, their thinking is destructive and one hell of a pile of sauer crap,and their denial now and then is utterlly depressing, but they do live like human and have interactions with others...
Idk, i dont get that vibe from this. You just seem to want to be unreasonable.
I've done things I regret and made bad choices. I haven't tried to turn a profit by writing a tell-all about the people involved in them and engaged in a publicity campaign about the regrettable things I did. 

Because if I did that people would rightfully go, "Hey man, maybe you don't really regret this stuff all that much since you keep crowing about it and trying to get people to pay you money to hear about it."

Here's something I'd love to hear: A pledge to donate the profits to anti-white-supremacist orgs.
Calling OP out for wrong beliefs is reasonable and fine, but it's not particularly helpful to the dialogue to accuse them of being deceptive without any evidence beyond "you can't possibly be that dumb". People frequently do hold these sorts of beliefs, wholeheartedly and sincerely, and failing to acknowledge that does nothing to continue the conversation. Not that that's required out of *every* Reddit post, but this is (at least IMO, people can judge for themselves) a particularly dangerous accusation to be making without serious evidence.
I assume I'm not the first or the second. I'm sure there's a long line of people that have told you something similar but from the fact that you're hocking a book and posting this ridiculous IAMA it appears that it's a message worth repeating. It's not my unoriginality at issue here. It's your inability to grasp the issue at hand. 

You're a white person that took Nazism and fascism as an intellectual exercise, something fun to debate and discuss. There is no excuse, no father dying and no psychotic episode that is even close to being relevant. Now you're laying down some sort of jive about being a standard bearer in the fight against Nazism and fascism in this country. It doesn't fly. 

You say the death of Heyer and injury to Harris haunts you but that comes across far more as a line you've learned to say than anything genuine. And the reason I, and many other people reading this, feel that way is you just got through describing this man sympathetically as an apex predator, i.e. someone who can't help doing what they're doing. And to describe a white supremacist as such without a hint of realization about what that's saying shows that you simply haven't reflected on this enough to be very useful to any fight. 

And yeah, this is a bunch of dick shit things to say to someone but you're the one that put yourself out there as some noble fighter. "I once thought a white supremacist wasn't so bad. Turns out he was bad. I will do everything in my power to expose him as bad." Great. You don't get kudos for basic human compasion and dignity. You wallowed in shit. The shit smelled. Everyone knew the shit smelled before you wallowed in, while you were wallowing in it and after you wallowed in it. The fact that the shit smells bad might have been an earth shaking revelation to you but it wasn't to most of us. We just don't share your amazement and bewilderment at the shit smelling. 

EDIT: Someone gave me gold. If you see that and are also tempted to give me gold instead of giving money to a website that hosts some of the largest alt-right and neonazi forums on the internet how about you donate to the [SPLC](https://donate.splcenter.org/google-adwords?gclid=EAIaIQobChMIiKLlicHU3QIVC0VpCh1yVAWrEAAYASABEgLRTvD_BwE) or [ACLU](https://www.aclu.org/donate-aclu) instead.
Wtf is wrong with you? This is one hell of a knee-jerk reaction to "nazi". She said she didnt know the guy was a nazi.

Just cuz someone is a fascist doesnt mean they are spouting that shit 24/7. In fact, i would expect them to hide it, esp ppl they are close to. Not to say that nazis arent scum - they are - but it is completely within reason to believe that said nazi scum doesnt act like scum regularly.
&gt; I'm doing what I can to prevent him from exercising power.

I'm glad to hear it, and like I said, I'm genuinely glad you're safe and away from him, we have so many examples of fascists killing their significant others in domestic violence attacks and I really am glad you got out when you were ahead.   I just find your claims of not knowing about his beliefs to be suspect.

Good luck tho?
I think they meant it more as being something you read about; some otherworldly evil that just doesnt exist in our lives. It may be naive, but it isnt unreasonable.
[deleted]
Apples and oranges.


(well, maybe lemons and oranges, but still)
[removed]
[deleted]
&gt;  a particularly dangerous accusation to be making without serious evidence.

Particularly dangerous?  lol what?
Because if she doesn't then she's gleefully profiting off of her involvement with the alt-right and giving Augustus more of the press time he craves.

You're entitled to be ok with that. I see someone who made a bunch of bad choices and is now trying to slip out of them with some cash instead of examining what went wrong and actually trying to prevent it from occurring to others.
As a counter to this I'll just say the guy changed his name to Augustus Sol Invictus. Subtlety wasn't his strong suit. In fact, she sought him out because of his views on fascism. So... yeah. Not exactly a case of a closet white supremacist hiding a double life from an unsuspecting person.
[deleted]
Yes, she learned a lesson that anyone who cared to learn could do so by reading any number of accounts from Nazi Germany or by listening to almost any person of color in this country.
&gt;I have no idea what's in the book 

Based on the responses it's pretty much juicy gossip about a Neo-Nazi's sex life and his salacious underage relationships
Hilariously, I am not making any profits.
Reality is quite contrary to her account as well. This guy didn't have some sort of turn to white supremacy in 2017. He argued for eugenics in law school. [He was openly and overtly a white supremacist for a long time.](https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/individual/augustus-sol-invictus) And in fact, she's really soft selling what a scumbag this guy is.
To the conversation. I obviously don't literally mean someone will be hurt, but accusing the 'other side' here of not merely holding false beliefs (which, frankly, I can see your points on), but saying they must be illegitimate, misleading, fake -- someone not even worth engaging with, since they're unwilling to genuinely engage themselves -- well, frankly, that's a pattern I see in a lot of other places in the world at the moment, and I don't think it's a good thing for our society as a whole.
Who is publishing this book?
I legitimately think that to a large extent he can't help what he's doing. That doesn't excuse it. He should be on medication or seek some other form of help so that he can learn to help what he's doing.

The rest of this, well, there's no argument being advanced here. You're saying "This should have been more obvious to you" and "you sound insincere," which, okay? I can't argue with you about that if that's what you believe—it's clear you're not actually looking for a response.
I think what she's trying to do is humanize him without condoning his beliefs or actions. Sometimes, despite someone doing evil things, it's hard to think of that person as completely evil.


I think she's trying to share her complex feelings for this person without necessarily making us feel the same way.


Personally, I find it kind of interesting.
What are YOU doing? To make everyone more united? Are you donating your money to any charity? Are you protesting your rights on important matters? Or are you going on a tirade of hate and kink shaming? 
People need money get over it.
[deleted]
&gt; What are YOU doing? To make everyone more united? 

I organize locally in my district.

&gt;Are you donating your money to any charity? 

Yes.

&gt;Are you protesting your rights on important matters? 

No, I'm pointing out someone making $ off of the alt-right.

&gt;Or are you going on a tirade of hate and kink shaming?

I'm certainly not doing either of those things and I'd love for you to show me where I've kink-shamed or expressed hate. Go for it.
[You responding to me.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMqZ2PPOLik)

No, it's obvious that you're not actually looking for criticism and feedback on how you could actually accomplish your stated goal of "fighting fascism". There's a real self-centeredness that's going on here that's all to common in white people that experience this sort of brush with fanatical white supremacy. 

My argument is sit down and listen to the people that have been in this a lot longer than you have if you want to actually make a difference. [You don't even know that in sixty days we have a midterm election coming up but you're trying to portray yourself as some kind of expert.](https://np.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9ijtbj/i_am_alexandria_brown_a_dominatrix_who_recently/e6kd8pd/) Here's another part of my argument: you ain't an expert opposing facists just because you had the poor judgment to fuck one once.
Unbelievable.
And you're condemning her for repeating that message. It's an important message. Most of the people who voted for Donald Trump would say nazis are bad while supporting a fascist racist because they dont understand what the disconnect between the two is. Clarification on a person on the wrong side of our countries politics from someone who both knows them well and understands that they are a bad person with bad beliefs is important in helping people not fall for those ideology traps and also helping people deal with those around them that already have become engrossed in terrible belief systems. If you ever know anyone with racist family or abusive parents this situation of live but dislike is super common. Most people dont deal with it the right way and for the most part op has done the right thing here. I dont get why shes being condemned for it.
To me this is similar to the people who “fall in love” with incarcerated killers and then write books about the whole experience.  


May I ask in what activity were you a child prodigy?
I understand that we must acknowledge that friends and loved ones can potentially hold these dangerous ideologies, but I disagree with your solution of trying to reason with, sympathize with, and rehabilitate them. It clearly didnt work out for you personally. Yes, nazis are human. But engaging with them at all on a personal level gives them a platform, and that alone is a validation of their ideology to them. 

The real solution is to socially isolate nazis and to sympathize with loved ones who naively engage with them, while also encouraging them to join in isolating them. That's what your friends wanted you to do. They were doing the right thing here. Fascism on a personal level is best combated by making it socially unpopular. Fascists have no friends but fellow fascists and fascist enablers. Their isolation may make them more radical, but in a functioning society this will make them easier to single out and defeat. Lord knows this isn't a functioning society, but what you did didn't help.
That you jumped from my ethical disagreement with OP to "tirade of hate and kink shaming?" Yes. Very much so. We both know I'm not kink-shaming anyone. You can disagree with me without accusing me of nonsense.
She is also (according to her):

Formerly psychotic
A sex worker
A dominatrix
An abuse survivor
A webcam model
An author
An activist
A researcher
A child prodigy (I don’t know how I forgot, thanks /u/isweedglutenfree)
Has PTSD

Etc
Etc

I bet she’s also part Cherokee Indian and an indigo child and can see auras and has synesthesia.
Her unique point of perspective and experience qualifies her to write a story like this. The experience itself raises questions of her as a person, but as an author I'd say she absolutely has authority to write on the subject. People write things like this to spread information, not just to make money. Sure, money's a factor, but that's not the main motivator for people who write on philosophy.
That's not the thrust of her message though. You don't lead with the sympathy and then only after being called out on making excuses for a guy named Augustus Sol Invictus do you then start bringing up the fact that people demonize Nazis too much. 

And motherfucker I know plenty of family members that are racist. What has she done that's the right way? Comparing him to an apex predator that just can't help going after the weak minorities? Pretending that her boring ass relationship drama is somehow "exposing" him? 

This guy wasn't some sort of subtle racist. He changed his name to Augustus Sol Invictus, sacrificed a goat, drank its blood, wrote a paper about how eugenics was great in law school, was so nut bag that the Libertarian party even couldn't stand him, and that's the shit we know about publicly. 

The idea that in the entire time she knew him he just was a white supremacist on the DL and that once she found out she renounced him (other than when she got drunk and texted him because she still loves him) doesn't pass the smell test. 

She's using an actual movement against the alt-right as a way to launder the white supremacist funk off of her.
Poor little white supremacists. They just can't help it! 

I also absolutely love that you think you had this moral responsibility to society to expose his domestic violence, yet you were completely okay with him literally calling for a race war. Wanting to kill all non-white people is one thing, but beating up a woman?! That's a million times worse!
&gt;People write things like this to spread information, not just to make money. Sure, money's a factor, but that's not the main motivator for people who write on philosophy.

Then my suggested pledge would be trivial to make.
I genuinely think the guy trying to pounce on you sees from a very black and white perspective, filled with rational emotions of course
But his points just seem to fall lose all credibility based on his perspective, and makes points based solely on his own feelings.
The internet spits, and praises this stuff all day.
I believe the way you presented your argument are from a vastly more mature point of view.

Que the downvotes
The operative part of that sentence was the part that followed your quote. As a society, we don't like being reminded of the fact that the most tremendous crime against humanity - the industrialized destruction of 11 million people, and the attempted extirpation of an entire ethno-religious group - was perpetrated by regular human beings. They were somebody's neighbor, someone's friend, they had families, favorite foods, they built sand castles with their kids. Any one of us, if put in the right situation, could be a Nazi, and we don't like it. So we dehumanize them. We make them into two-dimensional caricatures. It's easy to have your enemy be some monstrous creature. It's a lot harder for them to be your friendly uncle.
Came here to say these things to just another privileged white lady profiteering off of white supremacy.
These motherfuckers.
[removed]
I dont think she should be personally held responsible to make those donations when she can hardly support herself as it is. Hierarchy of needs and whatnot. I doubt it's gonna make a significant enough amount of money for that to be a huge donation anyway. She doesn't have a steady job and is in a socially precarious situation. Why punish her further?
&gt; Why punish her further?

Suggesting someone do something is not punishing them. She's free to do what she wants. I'm saying what would absolve me of any ethical dilemma that comes with giving money to someone involved with the alt-right.
She said she didnt know about the fascism, how do you know she is outright lying?
Might want to add this to the first post
And yet she just VALIANTLY couldn't stand by while someone was a victim of domestic abuse. She had to spring into action. 

The whole race war, kill all Jews and blacks thing? Wait, is that bad too?
Cuz nazis, thats why.

/s
It's okay, we know it hurts: let it out, tell us all about it.
[Because he is not a subtle guy.](https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/extremist-files/individual/augustus-sol-invictus)

[I mean this guy is actually a cartoonish parody of a white supremacist.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s6fKkN_wNkU) 

Little hard to claim you didn't know the guy displaying the fasces symbol used by fascist Italy was a fascist. 

And that's what he was putting out publicly!
"Why make money when you can donate it" is a Ben Shapiro "please debate me"-level argument. This is her way of trying to help. She isn't *currently* associated with the alt-right. She was associated with one figure and has spent the past year and a half actively fighting him and his movement. This book is part of her trying to remedy her involvement with him and contribute to a necessary conversation on radicalization in modern politics.
Fuck yea. The world needs more people like you, keep it up ;D
“Why make money when you can donate it” is not BS level when I’m referring to making money from something distasteful and donating against that very thing. It’s bad logic when it’s used as a cudgel about caring about anything at all. But making money off of bad politics, in my sole opinion, requires putting money back against it.

I think yours is a fair view. For me to spend my money I’d need to hear a more full-throated denouncement and pledge. Stuff like “he’s a big cat” makes me very uncomfortable. 

This is an AMA. I shouldn’t get shit for asking her questions about her choices. You can come for me when I do my AMA.
These motherfuckers.
It wasn't a problem to her until it visibly affected her.

Edit: not even her, just her gender. Not trying to make this sexist, because fuck anyone of either gender that doesn't care about big problems within society until it affects them.
"You were completely okay with him literally calling for a race war"

Can you please cite evidence for this claim?
I support antifa and de-platforming fascists. I don't understand why you believe that I support reasoning with fascists.
bro ur so unbelieveable I'm not gonna fully respond to ur comment because anything I would say makes me look like a dumbass
In terms of my written and spoken verbal fluency as well as the visual arts. I started studying philosophy at the college level when I was 13.
And I doubt she really even gave much of a shit about that. It's more like that when Charlottesville happened everyone that she knew realized she'd been dating one of the organizers so she flipped her shit to distance herself from him and the only plausible avenue to do so was to talk about the domestic violence because that's the only thing about him that hasn't been public knowledge for a decade.
My point of view is that you don't fight white supremacist by humanizing white supremacist. You fight white supremacy by humanizing people of color. And yes it's emotional.
You’re the type of person that allows horrible human beings to thrive. Insulated dumbass.
I'm doing what I can to fight fascism. I can't attend direct actions, though I support them. I am recovering my life on a personal level after what I've been through, and the contribution I can make in the meantime is to be open about my experiences. You may not think I want to learn, but I'm genuinely interested to hear what you think I ought to be doing that I am not.
Then perhaps it's a point of confusion. Some people must be reading your account of what happened as if it's still the way you think, and that you have no regret for associating with him in the way you did. They (and i) may be conflating your past and present selves. Other people may know there's a difference but nonetheless see your past involvement and current reflective language as unforgivable.
For more clarity read this comment and the threads beneath it: https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9ijtbj/i_am_alexandria_brown_a_dominatrix_who_recently/e6ki7em/
&gt;You don't fight white supremacist by humanizing white supremacist. You fight white supremacy by humanizing people of color.
I think your view is fair too! I've got my own misgivings about all this and confronted her in another thread. I agree that it would be good for her to put money toward other groups, but to do so I feel that she should have at least some financial stability. If this book sells and makes a ton of money, sure! But if she's still struggling after it's all said and done, I don't think she should be forced to sacrifice her well being even further to prove to some people that she's not bad. That's what I meant in referencing Maslow's hierarchy of needs. Take care of your own necessities before you reach out to others.
Seriously what the fuck? The reason you're not angry at a Bengal tiger is that it's not sentient and is not capable of moral thought. 

This guy is a human being. We don't give human beings a free pass when they act like monsters. Jesus Christ. Talking about him like that just confirms his own belief that he's somehow above morality. It suggests he's some magnificent force of nature to be admired and feared. Nauseating.
I read that thread and participated in it! I have criticisms of my own toward her, but I can still find value in the point she's trying to get across. Maybe not as a game plan, but as a contribution to our discourse.
I really really hope that she can come to understand this from making this AMA, but I highly doubt it.
Seems to me like it means he's pretty much insane. He can't be reasoned with, he can't ever change his mind about anything, he can't or won't ever change at all.  There is no point to debating him or arguing with him, and there is nothing that can be done to change him.  Like a destructive force of nature.
What the hell?  This book is very much "doing something against him."  What could she be doing besides writing and public speaking?
You can start by cutting the bullshit. 

You're not being open about your experiences. Your experience requires paying $45 or $23.99 to read. And you insist that you're not profiting off this which may technically be true. You're just *attempting* to profit off of it. You got some explosive white supremacy destroying information... release it. 

And if you're recovering your life on a personal level then what in the hell are you out here doing this so publically? To me, this reads like a restatement of what me and many other people realize what this is about. You associated with a known white supremacist and now you're trying to air what seems like second-rate relationship drama as some sort of penance for that. 

The best thing you can do, is instead of try and talk and lead, you could listen and follow.
She said in other comments that Augusts is very much mentally ill and he should be on medication.
Pledging to donate the profits to anti-fascist organizations.
Have you thought about not having a painting you did of a facisit your header on your profile?
[removed]
I honestly don't believe in regret. I don't know what harm I did by associating with him. I helped Victoria report the allegations, and my interviews were ultimately the first time I know of that he was unequivocally outed as a fascist (in terms, for example, of explicit Holocaust denialism). 

I've always supported deplatforming fascists at public debates and I also support doxxing fascists who attend political rallies.

However, you're still right people might be conflating my past and present selves though. While not in the way you describe, it's still true that I have less affection for him than I did as time goes on—the writing process helped me sort that out. Part of the problem is that I did not feel *safe* expressing anger at him until recently, because I was afraid of him.
She has some weird sexual/emotional tie to him. He dominated her sexually and emotionally in their relationship so apparently she sees him as an... apex predator?? She even admitted she would still text that she loves him when shes drunk.
If I didn't also support de-platforming and other forms of direct action against fascists that might be true. But I'm just talking about this as a cognitive process, not a political stance.
/r/worstof
I'm definitely angry at abusive neo-Nazis. It's real sus to me that she's selling this book and just can't be mad at him.
Yet you didn't see any philosophical dilemma in being involved with a nazi?
&gt;The best thing you can do, is instead of try and talk and lead, you could listen and follow. 

You said it better than I have been trying to. But her panel she is doing on Charlottesville and white supremacy is all white speakers so idk if she understands how tone deaf she is being.
This is really fucked up. I'm super grossed out that you're trying to sell a fucking book about this.
The pdf is available online.
Why shouldn't I process my emotions in public?
Are you fucking kidding me, dude? You don't know what harm you did by associating with the fucking nazi? This dude and his ilk killed someone in Charlottesville and *every day* advocate for the genocide of the most vulnerable members of our society.
You forgot my favorite snippet thus far, her response to being fairly and politely asked as to what, exactly, she was a prodigy in

&gt; In terms of my written and spoken verbal fluency as well as the visual arts. I started studying philosophy at the college level when I was 13.

https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9ijtbj/i_am_alexandria_brown_a_dominatrix_who_recently/e6kmyaf/

Clearly she didn't study very hard, just because she was able to sound out the words doesn't show comprehension of the subject matter, obviously. The fallacious nature of fascism (and racism) are pretty thoroughly covered by any philo 111-esque course, I should think
I didn't say I don't know what the harm of fascism is. I said I don't know what the harm of my having spoken to him is. My association with him didn't cause Charlottesville. It didn't even bolster it in any way. He had to drop out of his candidacy for U.S. Senator in part due to DV allegations which I exposed to the media. Do a little more research please.
Lol really? What freshman level philo/logic course fails to eviscerate the incessantly fallacious nature of racism and/or fascism? Have you attended college/university or are you making assertions on your level of comprehension without any relevant experience (something that is also pretty fallacious)?

What principles and schools of thought particularly resonated with you and your comprehension of the world and your still only partially developed brain, at the tender age of 13? How did you see them reflected in your life and life experiences?
I can't imagine why. Art contains elements of our private, inner experience. But I'm not actually profiting off the book sales, anyway.
[deleted]
Check out this moment from my FAQ: https://i.imgur.com/OlUxBQp.png
dude she's selling her book. This guy is a no named politician who happens to be running in florida. There's nothing groundbreaking here. Just an escort trying to exploit a racist john as if she didn't know he was a piece of shit while he brought his teenaged wife along.
This AMA has turned into neo-nazi apologist shit heap
Why won't you pledge to donate the money made from this endeavor to combatting fascism?
You said you knew he was dangerous and also debated with him often. You couldn't deduce that he was a facist from your debates? I find it hard to believe you were debating trivial things all the time like whether pineapple belongs on pizza.
"What freshman level philo/logic course fails to eviscerate the incessantly fallacious nature of racism and/or fascism?" Um, I'm not sure, but it'd be a low-quality one.

"Have you attended college/university or are you making assertions on your level of comprehension without any relevant experience (something that is also pretty fallacious)?" Yes, I've studied philosophy at the graduate level

"What principles and schools of thought particularly resonated with you and your comprehension of the world and your still only partially developed brain, at the tender age of 13?" I found Aristotle's Nicomachean ethics interesting. I liked his philosophy of friendship. At 15, which is when I began college full-time, I was interested in thinkers such as Levinas, Derrida, Hegel, Nietzsche, Foucault, and later, Heidegger.
I think you're completely morally reprehensible. You know that fascism is a toxic and harmful ideology, yet you still support fascists? I don't understand how you can feel 'off the hook' because you were dating a murderous nazi, and not one yourself. Political ideologies with genocide and subjugation as their core tenants are not simple pastimes, and the people who subscribe to them are not counter-culture intellectuals.
AMA by a neo-nazi apologist turns into a neo-nazi apologist shit heap. Surprise.
&gt;And the reason I, and many other people reading this, feel that way is you just got through describing this man sympathetically as an apex predator, i.e. someone who can't help doing what they're doing.

For fuck sake, that's not what the term "apex predator" means. Your whole "someone who can't help doing what they're doing." accusation is blatantly putting words in her mouth that don't even remotely resemble what she actually said.

Being referred to as a predator is simply *not* a sympathetic description by even the most extreme stretch of the imagination. It refers to someone who knowingly and deliberately takes advantage of others, for fuck sake.

How you managed to derive any measure of sympathy from that is beyond me.
I damn near edited in, "please don't just name drop and give a real answer", but then stopped myself in the process of doing so... just to see if you really would. What a predictably disappointing showing from someone clearly trying to make a quick buck
I. . .support. . .fascists? What now, VermontSocialists?
This is one of those things that I'm just not going to be able to persuade you of, so I'll just have to live with you not believing me.
I don't profit off this.
And what, that happened because she slept with him?
Did you complete high school and earn a diploma?  I’m not believing you were just pushed through and put in college because of your philosophical merits, sorry.

Do you have a real graduate degree?  From a legit accredited uni?
&gt;&gt; I've always supported deplatforming fascists at public debates and I also support doxxing fascists who attend political rallies.

-

&gt;You know that fascism is a toxic and harmful ideology, yet you still support fascists?

Are you serious?
Yes you’ve said that already and ignored my follow-up once. I believe purposely because you know that you are seeking profit. You just keep saying you don’t profit because you’re seeking it unsuccessfully so far and this AMA is part of the attempt to change that. Let’s try again: Who is publishing the book?
Right, which might explain some of the behavior, but not being a Nazi.
Yes, I completed high school. No, I don't have a graduate degree.
&gt;You couldn't deduce that he was a facist from your debates?

That's how she eventually did. Says so in the FAQ.
Let me repeat... cut the bullshit. 

The pdf is available online but when you do the AMA you don't include that link. You include two links to paid versions of it. 

And you can process your emotions however you want but that's not how you framed this. It's framed as a public fight against Nazis not a public therapy session. The world needs more people speaking out openly on mental illness and domestic abuse not less but the world does not need people speaking out about mental illness and domestic abuse wrapped around the idea that they're exposing their former Nazi lover as a Nazi in some sort of heroic crusade. It does nothing to fight white supremacy and does nothing to destigmatize mental illness and domestic violence. In fact, it's contra to all three of those goals. 

For whatever reason, you were attracted to a white supremacist. Either because you were attracted to the "bad boy" thing or you viewed white supremacy as an intellectual exercise and were drawn to whatever passed as intellectual discussion by a guy who drank goats blood and changed his name to Augustus Sol Invictus. (or whatever fucking reason it was that you valued over his white supremacy) And then he ended up being involved in Charlottesville. And you got smeared with the stink of that on you. So now you're out here trying to get the stank off. 

And people giving you good damn advice just aren't listened to because you see this whole shit and kaboodle as about you and not about the people of color in this country fighting for their lives.
Yeah, I preach constantly not to dehumanize people, because we *know* they're people.  But there is a significant difference between dehumanizing someone and recognizing what they are.  She ignored who he was. Totally ignored it.

She willingly got into a relationship with someone who she says on her first encounter she knew he was murderous; she was aware of his past of spewing eugenics ideologies; she had suspicions he was a fascist (which is weird because the whole world knew this guy was murderous scum) surely she had heard about his dismembering live animals; and then says, oh its no big deal, we just intentionally ignored each others politics... 

And *then*, once she "discovered" he was a fascist nationalist, she broke up with him, but continued to text him and call him and tell him how much she loved him--in what I'm assuming, by the timeline, was after she knew he was a key figure in planning the fascist rally in charlottesville where the infamous terror attack happened. 

And like another poster mentioned, she just didn't seem troubled at all by the murderous fascist/nationalist tendencies, but holy shit it was suddenly time to take action when he might beat up his other girlfriend.  She's like  "No big deal if he's just a nazi, I'll still call him and tell him I love him and want to fuck him; as long as he's only going to wipe out entire races of people, thats fine--but he's crossed a line if he thinks he's going to beat up his other girlfriend." -- Wat?

Basically she purposefully ignored *everyone* and just didn't care what his beliefs were.   Then she scolds the left and chastises us as if we're dehumanizing people, yet falls in love with a nationalist who had publicly spoken and written about his ideology, an ideology which actually dehumanizes people and actively seeks to wipe out entire segments of the population.  

Clutching pearls as if the Democrats and The Left are the real threat, should be lectured for recognizing what fascism leads to and warned not to dehumanize. Meanwhile the far-right nutters are actively murdering people all over the place, but we on the democrat and leftist spectrum are the problem? I mean ffs:

- [the charlottesville attacks:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlottesville_car_attack)19 wounded, 1 killed when a fascist raced his car into a crowd of protesters at a rally **her boyfriend planned**: 

- [charleston church shootings:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charleston_church_shooting) 1 wounded, 9 killed when a fascist shot up a church. 



- [the portland attacks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2017_Portland_train_attack)  1 wounded, 2 killed when a fascist brutally slit the throats of three people on their evening train commute home because they dared to intervene in order to stop him from attacking a group of muslim school girls. Yeah, in a packed train, he slit 3 people's throats.

- [the quebec city mosque attacks:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quebec_City_mosque_shooting) 19 wounded, 6 killed when an alt-right fascist attacked a mosque because his fascist brain slugs convinced him to hate muslims and brown people.

- [the toronto van attacks:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toronto_van_attack) 16 wounded, 10 killed when an "incel" raced his van up and down sidewalks plowing into crowds of people in a crowded section of Toronto. He did this to start an uprising so incels could be guaranteed a wife or some shit...

- [the lafayette theater attack:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_Lafayette_shooting) 9 wounded, 2 killed when a fascist shot up a movie theater because people like OP's ex convinced the killer to hate feminism.

- [the colorado planned parenthood shootings:](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colorado_Springs_Planned_Parenthood_shooting) 9 wounded, 3 killed when a far-right nutter shot up a women's health clinic because women's bodily autonomy are a threat to these freaks.

and these are just a few off the top of my head. There are sooo many more: how bout the reddit kid who worked with breitbart's millo yanapolas (sp?) --[check out how crazy millo's twitter is](https://www.twitter.com/nero) -- who brutally stabbed his parents to death because his parents were liberals; or the nazi kid who murdered his girlfriends parents because they were liberal democrats who didn't want their daughter to date a nazi; or the guy who took a sword to new york city to practice killing black people;  etc... etc... etc... etc... there are *so many more* examples.

She is seriously going to chastise the left as if democrats and the left are the ones dehumanizing people?  The whole idea is absolutely incredible and simply detached from all reality.

And she pretends as if society didn't warn her that 'humans' could be nationalist fascist nazi trash?  I mean, by the time any of us made it through middle school we had learned. Did she think people were lying?  There have been 1000s upon 1000s of books, 1000s of movies, 1000s of theater productions, 100s of museums, millions of reddit posts...  

Shes going to imply its absurd that the left are critical of fascists?  It's crazytown.


EDIT: Fixed weird punctuation stuffs.
Well, it's a choice, yes, but if you choose to be a Nazi, there's something seriously wrong with you. I can't imagine how a sane and rational person could choose to be a Nazi in the U.S. today.

Only if it wasn't really a choice because they were born into a family that started the indoctrination (brainwashing) in childhood.
[I don't know where I'd get the idea that she thinks he can't help doing what he does.](https://np.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9ijtbj/i_am_alexandria_brown_a_dominatrix_who_recently/e6kjcs6/)
"The world needs more people speaking out openly on mental illness and domestic abuse not less but the world does not need people speaking out about mental illness and domestic abuse wrapped around the idea that they're exposing their former Nazi lover as a Nazi in some sort of heroic crusade." How does this work? And how is mentioning my role in exposing the allegations equivalent to making it a heroic crusade? Why is it wrong to explore the situation of not realizing someone is a Nazi in a piece of writing? I'm not a hero, here. Augustus might be a tragic hero, but that's about it.
&gt;Augustus might be a tragic hero, but that's about it.

Holy fucking shit....
We hear the truth?
Son of a bitch stole my line.
I did Nazi that coming.
[removed]
"Yes, I've studied philosophy at the graduate level." You should try and get your money back.
You just kind of drop the part about the free pdf versus paid versions. 

Remember earlier when you asked said, "I'm genuinely interested to hear what you think I ought to be doing that I am not."? 

I gave what I thought was pretty clear advice but it might have been difficult to see through the emotion of this debate. 

So let me clarify this shit for you. 

Things you ought to be doing that you're not doing: 

* You ought not to be calling white supremacists tragic heroes. 

Let's start there. Baby fucking steps.
Do you know what a tragic hero is? They are condemned to misery. Their actions violate moral and natural law.
Have you ever read the Birth of Tragedy?
Right, you got it from her response to the comment in which you make the claims and raise the topic, because you own a fucking time machine. 

I'm glad to see you're not the kind of person who's willing to resort to dishonesty, so long as they think it'll help them "win".
BAM, you slayed me.
[Tragic Hero](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragic_hero)

&gt;...the character receives undeserved misfortune...

&gt;...the Aristotelian hero is characterized as virtuous but not "eminently good," which suggests a noble or important personage who is upstanding and morally inclined while nonetheless subject to human error.
I disagree with the Aristotelian conception of tragedy.
Do you know what a villain is? Neo-Nazis are villains. Don't describe them as heroes.
A tragic hero is not a hero. Anyway, I recommend you don't read my book.
No, you slew yourself. Straight up unassisted suicide, I asked you a fair question (which any philosophy lover would have jumped on like white on a Klan hood), and you listed some big names that you found 'interesting'. That level of elucidation on the subject you're purportedly a virtuoso in was the cause of death, but you were flatlining for a while beforehand.
did you seriously just say we need to humanize nazis?
You can read one of my papers if you want, but I refuse to believe you don't understand that I'm not going to respond favorably to a comment that starts out as disrespectful from the beginning
I think you may have used the wrong term, mate. [You're right about being condemned to misery, but the Tragic Hero archetype is intended to elicit sympathy, typically in the form of having some great injustice done onto them.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragic_hero)

You're probably gonna want to go correct that, and maybe elaborate a little on what it was that you had intended to convey.

I think I *kinda* get what you meant, [given Mr. Gillespie's literally textbook delusions of grandeur](https://abovethelaw.com/2013/04/the-kind-of-unhinged-departure-memo-that-would-have-been-way-funnier-before-the-marathon-attack/2/?rf=1) and the fact that he's probably never actually going to grasp just how wrong he is or why in his mind the whole world seems to conspire against him, but tragic hero really just isn't the term if that's what you were intending to convey.
hahhah you win
You can't possibly be so myopic as not to see that calling a neo-Nazi who you're supposedly exposing (despite the fact he was well-known in the public sphere as a neo-Nazi before you started dating him...and you were interviewing him for his views on Nietzsche as they relate to fascism...) a hero of *any* kind is the wrong thing to do.

You could call him anything and yet you choose to publicly state that you view him as a tragic hero? And you call yourself an anti-fascist? Please. There are so many other words you could use to describe him yet those are the ones you choose to project to the world.
I get the sense you're aware that the term "humanize" has a connotation I don't intend here. However, they're literally human, and it matters ethically when and whether you murder a human being, for example. They deserve trials. They might seem kind in some ways despite being basically evil. Things like that. It's not hard, but you're just on the hunt.
I mean the lack of self-awareness here is truly brutal. My tone or word choice is what prevented your ability to explain the concepts you love, but was not enough to prevent a halfhearted response? Could you demonstrate the logical validity there, for us less intelligent folks?
Read the first interview she does with him. She straight up talks his racism and Nazism. This wasn't hidden, she knew the whole time.
Maybe you're right, thanks. I'll revisit the passages of Nietzsche's Birth of Tragedy that inspired that choice of words. I'm planning to revise this book with a professional editor eventually.
"Don't call white supremacists tragic heroes." 

"Yes, yes but have you read the Übermensch guy?" 

Here's a better question for you. When's the last time you read a book that wasn't written by a white person? I don't imagine you checking out too much James Baldwin from the library.
Just cause you disagree with it doesn't mean that its widely accepted that a tragic hero is the protagonist of a tragity, and you have to at least understand the implications of calling Augustus, who could be argued is responsible for the death of someone fighting against fascism, a Tragic Hero.
That's not how language works, you can disagree with his concepts but that doesn't me the word "tragic hero" doesn't refer to that concept.
It's well-established that Nietzsche reads the function of tragedy differently than Aristotle.
It is if you're mildly critical.  The defense is that Nazis seem so unreasonable that *she'd* never call anybody a Nazi.  Even if they overtly defend eugenics, have nationalist rhetoric, call strength desirable and weakness cancerous, and make baseless race claims.  She furthers the point by saying "well, I never asked because I didn't want to be impolite" -- yeah, okay.  The education system is at fault here.  People who have "ethical duty" ask questions when they have doubts, they don't just not ask.  It's not like society tells us to *not talk about Nazis*, in which context that type of point would be a lot stronger.

edit: I was being cautious with my accusations, but I just read that she was full well aware of his 2011 law paper on eugenics that had the exact same title as a paper hitler wrote some 70+ years earlier.  In her defense, *he didn't mean it.*  Yeah, apologize for her ignorance and blame society more.
Your so wrong.  Fuck Nazis. Half of my family lineage in Easter Europe has been erased from history on my mothers side. 

I hope they get exterminated like the roaches they think Jews are.
Yes, but you aren't just speaking to an audience of people who ascribe to the philosophy of Nietzsche, I don't proscribe to the philosophy of Nietzsche. But even if I did, you must understand the social implications of calling a Fascist and White Supremacist a tragic hero to anyone reading.
...crickets.
/r/iamverysmart
I don't fault you for feeling that way at all, in any way whatsoever I'm probably not expressing my point well or, maybe I'm completely wrong.
Or... or... I can read and interpret the subtext of what people mean when they say things.
She meant literally demonizing, like treating them as subhuman.  I don't mean to be rude, but please pay attention to what she's saying.  Based on her response, she doesn't like Nazis any more than you or I do, but treating anybody as subhuman is just wrong.
Born on second and thinks she hit a homer.
&gt;WITNESS YE MY RENUNCIATION:

&gt;I hereby renounce my licenses to practice law, my diplomas, my affiliation with Rollins, DePaul, and the University of South Florida, my United States citizenship, my membership in the Roman Catholic Church, my law firm, my publishing company &amp; poetry journal, and all of my material possessions.

&gt;To those who believe that this great renunciation is evidence of mental illness rather than the initiation of a spiritual journey: If my example stirs nothing in you, if you can see no further than the confines of what your secular humanism &amp; its hallowed psychiatry allow, then there is nothing I can say to you that would wake you from your slumber. You are less than the beast in man. You are fungi. Would to God that you pass quickly from this Earth.

&gt;HEAR YE MY FINAL WORDS IN PEACETIME:

&gt;I have prophesied for years that I was born for a Great War; that if I did not witness the coming of the Second American Civil War I would begin it myself. Mark well: That day is fast coming upon you. On the New Moon of May, I shall disappear into the Wilderness. I will return bearing Revolution, or I will not return at all.

&gt;War Be unto the Ends of the Earth,

&gt;Augustus Sol Invictus  
Orlando, Florida, USA  
XX Aprilis MMXIII Satvrnvs

I gotta say, [I'm really not so sure that this guy can help it.](https://abovethelaw.com/2013/04/the-kind-of-unhinged-departure-memo-that-would-have-been-way-funnier-before-the-marathon-attack/2/?rf=1)

Like... That's not what people of sound mind do. Even the fuckkin' racist ones.
You missed half of her comment.

&gt; However, I learned the hard way this is wrong. Nazis are actually human beings. Sometimes they are lovable, charismatic human beings—**but they are still Nazis and still must be fought.** 

and

&gt; We can’t afford to paint Nazis as two-dimensional, frankly. **They’re dangerous and we need to ensure they can never take power in America.**

She is making a point that we can't just treat them as inhuman, we have to accept them for what they often can be: wolves in sheep's clothing. People we might love who are capable of evil.
Thank
She was fine with how he wanted to exterminate races he deemed inferior but the second he raised his fist in anger towards a woman, a white woman, that's when he crossed the line in her eyes and she needed to speak up and denounce his actions. I don't know what to make of this. In a way, I think she might be an ex with an axe to grind but at the same time she seems to be backing him up more than speaking against him. She's looking to make a buck by selling some books and trying to spin her story into what she thinks people want to hear.
Vacant words from a vacant head. 

You may know things but you don’t understand shit. You cant say that Nazis aren’t two dimensional villains because they’re literally two dimensional villains. There is no depth to their fascist ideology just hate and vilification of the other. 

If it wasn’t for your obvious need to be so goddamed high-mined you would have probably bought into his fascist ideology also, the only reason you probably didn’t is because you realized that his ignorant fascist community probably wouldn’t be able to provide you with enough people willing to listen to your pseudo intellectual bullshit. 

You’re cognitive process needs some real world experience because you’re a fucking dunce.
What kind of real-world experience do you think I'm lacking, specifically? I feel pretty sure i've had a lot of it.
You're assuming she didn't buy into it. It's pretty clear she was in a D/s relationship with this guy and she still speaks of him, even in this thread, in terms similar to that saying he's an apex predator, a tragic hero, etc. 

She bought into it but then Heather Heyer was killed and it became personally uncomfortable to be associated with him and then he chose this other girl over him. Such tired bullshit.
Along with some r/im14andthisisdeep
[removed]
[removed]
It really doesn't matter in this particular situation. The point of words is to convey what you're thinking to other people, and as it stands the words you chose are conveying something something else, because Aristotle's definition is the most widely recognized one by far.
Except the theme of Nietzsche pervades my entire book
I open the book with a quote from Nietzsche about the tragic hero
Jesus fucking Christ he's insane. How can she be in love with him?
Poverty, long term physical/psychological/emotionaln abuse, fearing everyday that someone close o you may be killed, jailed, or deported because of the color of their skin or their name, being part of a targeted community, little to no access to healthcare or social safety net while paying into a system run by assholes that tell you that you don’t contribute enough. 

All while some middle class, insulated, white girls argues moral relativism in the face of it.
Wait, you are pitching this book and selling it before it has gone through editing?! You understand the stupidity of this right?
I'm speaking specifically with your Reddit comments in mind. 

I'm not telling you that you have to change your book or anything, for all I know the Nietzschean Tragic Hero is the perfect term for what you're trying to describe. But right now, here in this AMA, it's being interpreted by the masses as referring to the Aristotelian Tragic Hero, which obviously isn't your intent. 

But that's not stopping people like ArleenNigro from parading around the thread claiming it to be evidence that *you're* actually a neo-Nazi too.
You both are intolerable...
It's nice that you think I'm middle class and don't understand long-term abuse. That would be nice.
Because you exotify a white supremacist in a way that is sympathetic to his bigotry. I'm down with a lot of edgy art, and don't have much of a problem with a sexual angle being used to sell stories about awful people, but this basically seems to be like "hey I romanced a nazi!" then we're hit with "and actually I probably still love him and he's just mentally ill." 

This AMA and your book by proxy feels deceptive, self-serving, and dangerously passive towards a fascist. You use a lot of language that your "I fucked a nazi, here's the exposé" target audience won't like. That probably explains the karma on our comments. This being your "art" or "private, inner experience" won't make people sympathetic to your feelings.
I'll revisit the idea, and I should probably not have dropped that term without explanation, thank you for pointing it out
Except she didn't know he was a nazi, and they didn't met again after she knew he was one of those, a lot of People don't go public with their political views even if they are enlisted in a party 

I actually know a similar Story, one of my mate is jewish,he is french so part of his familly was wiped out during ww2,his best friend is a far right guy,they known each others since childhood, he learnt about his friend by accident a few years ago by getting bored and googling aquintance , they were in their late 20's at the time, i was there when he learnt about it, my friend was in complete denial until we dug up a little bit more( we,the other People in the room,saw the guy once or twice and heard from him,he was fairly decent,we were a mixed bunch, I'm from a native north african descent myself, he wasn't a dick to me, tbh we dug up more cause we couldn't believe it as well) and got a vid with him talking in front of a local news camera at a far right rally, being a dick, t'was pretty traumatic for my friend... He is still friend with him but is clearly conflicted about it bc he can ditch their childhood away i guess.
Do you have a college degree at all?
&gt;  Augustus might be a tragic hero

jfc. I was totally joking in my previous post asking if this was invictus, but now I'm legit starting to wonder... lol
They said with a professional editor, mate. Self-editing is simply the reality of being an amateur Amazon author.
Honestly, this sounds like someone trying to make us sympathize with a piece of shit for a person. He's not some misunderstood majestic beast. He's a hateful abuser who should be in jail. And I have my doubts you had no idea about his fascist beliefs while you were with him. 

Furthermore, you sound like an opportunist looking to make a buck off her association with a scumbag. Fuck right off.
Neo-Nazism and delusions of grandeur aside, he seems to be relatively high functioning. 

I mean, he managed to pass the bar exam and successfully practiced law as a defence attorney for a few years, so either it's an episodic sort of thing, or he's simply capable of feigning normalcy.
It doesnt sound like she has had any editor if she is pitching theories that she isnt even describing correctly. Great she edited for typos and function, but she has failed to edit her content. She cant even use Tragic Hero properly.

I am sorry, but if she is pitching a book for over 40 bucks she should have invested early, not in edition two "now with more philosophy" stamped on the side.
I'm willing to bet that the reason for the high cost is because the books are made to order. If she was looking to profit off this, then she wouldn't be offering the actual contents of said book as a free PDF.
You understand that because of how you opened this, you basically just invalidated anything you say, have said, and may still continue to say, regarding this topic, right?


Snakes have legs
If you are pitching a book for 45 dollars and it is 100 pages you need to ensure your content is on point. This woman seems to lack an understanding of the philosophy she is pushing in her book and she is attempting to humanize nazism/fascism in a way that it shouldn't be. The views are abhorrent, those who follow it are abhorrent. They aren't apex predators and they shouldn't be thought of as good people.

She is attempting to cash in on this anti-fascism wave while she had no issues being in an intamite relationship with one until it got to much trouble for her.
You being broke now doesn’t mean that you didn’t grow up middle class, and people that experience long term abuse recognize fucked up from a mile away, wether they decided to look away and act like it isn’t happening is an other issue. So if you claim that you have experienced it then that means that you recognized the behavior and the type of person that displays it and you just looked away until he was making it too obvious and socially untenable to you. 

And even then you admit that even after finding out about him being a fascist and later on an abuser, you still messaged and emailed him proclaiming your love for him; a drunk mind speaks a sober heart. 

And even now you still cant find a way to not say that you love a person, who if they had it their way, would subjugate/kill/destroy all other races, sexual identities, religions and political philosophies. Damn near all of your answers in this comment section just go to show how fucking trash you are.
“Aristotle’s Nicomachean Ethics” my ass.  Literally the first thing I read in my first-year ethics class.
I know it's funny to keep pushing her and get her to admit she doesn't have a college degree, which we all know she doesn't. But it's bordering on crapping on people that don't have college degrees, when you can be perfectly intelligent without one.

On the other hand she obviously doesn't know jack shit about philosophy but presents herself as an expert.
And there it is. She still can't get off the guy's cock but she never even got to sleep with him. Absolutely disgusting.
She doesn't have a publisher, dude. She's self publishing because no reputable publisher would touch a pamphlet length nazi lover memoir from someone still in their 20's with a ten foot pole.
&gt; nah, we don't just "stay the hell out of their way" when you're talking about actual nazis like him.

That is, as far as I understand, exactly what she not meant with that line.

She described two 'aspects' (not sure what to call it) of his personality in that paragraph. Him being a nazi, and the way she looks at him and sees a big cat. And like she said, you fight the former and you dodge the latter.
&gt; Thus, while I condemn any domestic violence he may have committed, reject his politics, and continue to fight against him in the actual world

Think you dropped this, mate. 

She's talking about the abstract ideas behind her answer to the question: 

&gt; You've said that you'll probably always love him. Why?
This guy has a file a mile long with the SPLC with YouTube videos espousing alt-right views labeled with a fascist symbol. It’s like saying you didn’t know Chuck Schumer was a Democrat. If she didn’t know it’s because she didn’t want to know.
Lol "apex predator" =/= psycho nazi who woos the pants off a *sex worker* and beats up girlfriends. That is the absolute epitome of a coward. 

Your taste in and judgment of men is absolutely horrible, that is the common theme here, and woe be to any person who considers you their "life coach"... christ
&gt;They aren't apex predators and they shouldn't be thought of as good people.

When somebody is referred to as a predator, it doesn't mean there a good person, it means they knowingly and deliberately take advantage of others. 

Seriously, dictionary definition here: [*one who injures or exploits others for personal gain or profit*](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/predator). Why are you pretending that it means a person is good? 

&gt;This woman seems to lack an understanding of the philosophy she is pushing in her book

And what philosophy is that? 


&gt;She is attempting to cash in

People looking to cash in don't distribute their content for free. I already told you this.

Simply repeating your original stance isn't the same thing as actually *addressing* a rebuttal to that stance.
Dear lord, where to begin. 

Alright, look at my comment history before anyone accuses me of being an apologist or whatever they want. Let's go through the things that were missed.

&gt; Sometimes they are lovable, charismatic human beings

**This is where you stopped reading. You needed to keep reading.**

&gt;—but they are still Nazis and still must be fought. 

She acknowledges it here and other places that nazis ain't kosher. We aren't down with nazis. No nazis, please. So in essence, her point is "human, but also nazi, what do??"

&gt;it makes things more difficult to admit that—it becomes harder to commit violence against them, and it makes you acknowledge the capacity for great evil must also exist inside of you yourself. 

**Everyone hates admitting this to themselves.** But listen, if you've ever made an offhand comment about how some child molester better not drop the soap in prison, then guess what? You were just voicing your hope that someone would get raped, jokingly or not. That's fucked up. You have that same capacity for evil in yourself. 

*Does that make you yourself equivalent to a nazi?* NO. Obviously not. What it means is that nazis aren't aliens from another planet or grown in a lab somewhere to make optimal evil people. They're a product of circumstance. We must fight that circumstance. 

&gt;However, I still think it’s better than taking the easy route to the moral high-ground by painting Nazis as two-dimensional cartoon villains. 

It is easy to say that they're the enemy. Absolutely. And it's not wrong to say that their ideals are outright dangerous. No progress will be made from an ivory tower. No progress will be made by refusing to understand them. Understanding is not the same thing as agreeing. 

&gt;We can’t afford to paint Nazis as two-dimensional, frankly. They’re dangerous and we need to ensure they can never take power in America.

I'm going to say something about this personally. The only thing that was ever explained to me about nazis from other people was that they hated people who didn't have blue eyes/blonde hair and the stuff they did in World War II. That was it. Yeah, I knew there were neo-nazis, but I didn't know anything about them. The only way I found out anything else was by looking shit up for myself. 

Unless you go looking for this particular type of information, you're not going to see it. And wow, I really think you need to start looking--especially if you're an American. Racial tensions brought us a president who loves the KKK, regards torch-carrying nazis as "very fine people," and has been pulling money from disaster relief budgets for the sake of funding immigration control. Understanding how people get themselves wound up in this awful bullshit and how they can be pulled *out* of it is too damned important to ignore by sitting on a high horse with your ears covered.
People like you who showed up at 11 pm when the party started at 6 pm are the funniest kind. Because you assume somehow that the party starts at midnight and you're an hour early when you're four hours late. 

I grew up around neo-nazis and people in the Klan. White supremacists weren't something out of an Edward Norton movie to me. 

So when chucklefucks like you say shit like... 

&gt;Unless you go looking for this particular type of information, you're not going to see it. And wow, I really think you need to start looking--especially if you're an American.

It's like, where do you even get off? You showed up to the party four hours late and just assume that since you didn't know this very basic shit no one else must have known it either. The fucking arrogance of it.
You can fuck right off with this defending Nazis bullshit.
Child prodigy should be on there
So this is what becomes of a "former child prodigy." Don't rush your education, kids.
[deleted]
You’re amazing! This shit is ridiculous, thank you for calling it out.
[deleted]
She's calling him a tragic hero because she really wants to call him a hero. Because his nazism and white supremacy don't dissuade her from thinking he's amazing. And that's why she's getting shit, because she deserves it.
These motherfuckers.
In all my years of arguments, and hearing arguments.
Nothing is more detrimental and destructive to the argument itself than an overly emotional person
See now I would think it's a bad argument but you do you.
I honestly couldn't give the slightest fuck if she still finds the guy attractive or whatever; the fact is that she's made it explicitly clear that she considers his views to be wholly unacceptable, has severed her relations with him as a result, and is taking concrete action to oppose him and his ideology in the public square. 

What more are you asking for than that? What more than that have you ever contributed?
Funny you should make that analogy, because I actually am early to the party. This ideology is starting to return to my state and I'm trying to push back against it at every opportunity while encouraging others to do so as well. And I know that if the fight is with screaming and fists, it's going to be harder. People join this bullshit because they're fucking hopeless and lost their job and because they see the president caging up Mexicans and see a black family move into the house down the street and then some jackoff with an armband comes along and tells them that it's because those "inferior people" are taking everything they should have.

I'm SURROUNDED by people who don't know this basic shit. Yes. I am. I did not grow up with people like this. The Klan was chased out of my state and it took a horrid scandal to do it.
Well, to stop lionizing him would be a start. But really, nothing.
If you think the ideology is just now starting to return to any state in the USA then you're painfully late to the party and your excusing away these people as being basically "economically anxious" just confirms it. 

Here's a hint, white supremacy never left your state. The KKK as an organization may have suffered a decline in membership but the general pattern of white supremacy in this country, in every single one of our 50 states, has never gone away.
This comment is nauseating. She's not alluding to him being majestic like a fucking tiger you dumbass. The point was she doesn't think he should be held fully responsible for his actions since he has a mental illness. That's like me saying I don't wish harm on schizophrenics who hurt people even though logically I have every reason to. If you know its beyond their control then that changes the intent behind the action. You probably know this deep down but wanted to spew vitriol because you think she's making excuses for a neo nazi and that's ignominious behaviour in your eyes.
I think you are too read, and may not see, that the ones that make this story, are but melancholy.
Also a child “prodigy “
Uhhhh, I have a degree in philosophy and we generally didn't talk about Fascism and Racism at all? I took some sociology and political science classes, and those covered those topics, but I'd honestly be pretty surprised at departments offering covering that material. Maybe it's different in the US though?
I like how the title makes it sound like she's some proud warrior trying to take down a NeoNazi fascist shitheel, but then you read her comments and it's really just "I'm sad because I loved him and he doesn't like me anymore :("

Like talk about whiplash.
[removed]
Right, it feels super manipulative and shitty. Like I've said elsewhere, she paints herself as this heroic figure who's standing up to the Nazi she once loved when really it's just someone trying to sell her shitty book with a convenient list of nouns and careers in the title that amounts to "I'm willing to forgive a Nazi because I liked him".
TL;DR: "daddy issues"
No, she said that *she believes* this to be the case. OP is not a psychologist or psychiatrist, and her personal opinion or experience does not make her qualified to form an unbiased or nuanced assessment of Augustus or his mental health in any way.
Punch him in his face
Um hi. So you are saying that Nazis really aren’t human and are always immediately obvious when you see them?

You should consider forming some educated opinions, maybe by reading something about Nazi Germany that was written on a higher-than-fifth-grade level.
So do you know the timeline of when he got that rap sheet compared to when he was dating her?

Anyway, Jesus fucking Christ, like 90% of this country couldn’t tell you who Chuck Schumer was if you tattooed it on their foreheads. So maybe a very very GOOD metaphor, but not in the way you think. Not everyone knows which mentally ill folks who have given themselves odd names are harmless and which are Nazis. I mean, it’s nice that you have the SPLC’s list memorized but not all of us have your great mental abilities.
I googled his page on SPLC and it includes a pretty detailed timeline and she's included a detailed timeline. 

So yeah. I do and it was easy to find out and I didn't have to fuck him to figure it out.
Really? So you would say that the kkk member doesn’t deserve the rights that human beings deserve? Fair trial, to not be enslaved, etc?

Let’s face it: either you believe that Nazis are human and deserve to be afforded basic human dignities, if not much else, or you are advocating for the persecution of a ‘subhuman’ group.

I’m honestly okay with occasional Nazi punching. Pretty much never does any permanent damage, after all. But let yourself forget that they are human and sooner or later you start talking about “Final Solutions”.
So you are going on record as advocating killing him, then?

She said his threat has to be contained. I don’t know about you, but one of the things that separates me from the Nazis is that I might advocate for punching my political opponents every once in a while, and certainly locking them up when they break the law, but I don’t compare them to rabid animals that must immediately be killed for the sake of society.

But it’s pretty eye-opening to see how many people here do. I wonder how many are agents provacateur (I.e. Russian) and how many think that no, really, killing people I disagree with really IS a good idea.
Finally, something positive in this thread. I do sincerely hope you continue to lose money from this book, that your other businesses falter and fail because of people's unwillingness to trust or respect you. Neo-Nazi sympathiser, Fascist apologist.

Good luck with your path, I hope it includes much growth and hindsight, you sorely need it.
You sound like you have talked with someone once about philosophy and are therefore qualified to lecture people with philosophy degrees on the subject. But only if they’re female, of course.

Also she doesn’t exactly defend fascism anywhere. You simply decided to hate her at the start and have been trying to come up with good reasons as you went along.
I don’t know how someone can hide something so easy to google in this day and age. Also she’s in love with him now that his character is proven so I wouldn’t be surprised if she fell in love with him regardless of whether she knew or not.
Don’t worry, I’m sure the person wishes harm on schizophrenics too, since (as with all mental illness) ‘they could just snap out of it if they tried hard enough’.
Uh... if you have already contained all the harm they can do, which is the FIRST thing she said to do, then what is the point in NOT staying out of his way? Like, you’re not defending anyone or anything so at that point you’re just fighting him for your own gratification.

Which okay, maybe you do get off on kicking Nazis, even when they pose no threat whatsoever, but just bear in mind that that’s some sick-ass nonconsensual sadist shit.

Me? I’ll be over here helping to contain them while you’re over there getting your fucking *jollies*, okay?
Lol this guy is stuck in a LARP loop.
She's rationalising because she's conflicted.
&gt; But it's bordering on crapping on people that don't have college degrees

Thank you for writing this, I was genuinely about to start shitting all over her again, and your post made me realize I should just let it go.  It's difficult not to call her out on her constant inconsistencies, but thank you for the gentle poke reminder.

And this post is totally sincere, no ironyPoison involved.
Dude, I'm Not american so Chuck means nothing to me, same as augustus, haven't really seen him a lot in the news here, i get that you are angry over someone knowing that kinda dude but don't jump to conclusion, People don't check the splc site when they make aquintance,  and YouTube has litterally trillions of videos,  if you don't know where to look, you can't possibly find it, specially that kinda content,the YouTube algorithm does not really shove it in your face, at least not until he makes national news ...
Do you Google People you fuck with ?
I'm sorry you're an idiot.
13? Isn't that average, or perhaps even a few years late, to be reading introductory philosophy?...
Most people without degrees in philosophy have no idea what academic philosophy actually is about, and most people never take a single course in it in school unless they get a degree in it. Anything remotely abstract that isn't science, computers, math, or engineering is called "philosophy" in the US (except by philosophy majors).
Dude, chill
Not that it validates her, but wouldn't it make sense that that is what she read in her first ever philosophy class at the age of 13 then?
Do not ever find excuses for people with narcissistic disorder and try to justify their behavior. And never give them credit for your own doing!

Yes, there is probably some trauma driving their behavior, so you could argue your case. But other people experience trauma and deal with it in a constructive way. And going down the route of justifying their behavior will hurt you.

The thing with pathologic narcissists is that they put all their intellectual capabilities into manipulating people - and they do not really subjectively suffer (even though some will tell you that you make them suffer); they only cause suffering in others. Do not expect them to seek treatment - if they do, you can be almost sure it’s with an agenda and not a sincere attempt to find healing.

If they seem like “decent people” to you, what’s usually really going on is that they found your weak spot (finding that very quickly is part of their “skill”), and play with it to gain control over you (that’s the other part of their “skill”).

Even if you are a smart person and fully aware that they will try to manipulate you, you may still fall for some of it. I have met only three or four people like that - and each time, when I looked really deeply into it, it was shocking.

The lesson you may want to learn is more about narcissists and how destructive their influence can be, more than about Nazis (even though I’d wager that a lot of Nazis are also narcissists - but not all narcissists are also Nazis).

The domestic violence is only the obvious - like the tip of the iceberg.

Instead of saying “he helped me deal with the issues with my father” - which is taking your power and giving it to him (that’s what narcissists want you to do), rephrase this in your mind to the truth, which is: You used similarities between this guy and your father to start a process of healing.
/u/DarqWolff, is that you?
I am.not crapping on people without degrees, she states she was studying undergrad and graduate level philosophy, this would imply that she has studied under actual knowledgeable professors.

If she didnt make that claim I wouldn't have asked the question about her education.
She has name dropped all kinds of philosophers she has "studied", but seems to lack the understanding of their thoughts or points. She comes off as a high schooler who likes to throw out names and vocabulary they heard without a larger understanding of them.

also, way to.half quote me on the last line. She is attempting to cash in on it, while having no issue with it when it wasnt causing her problems.
/u/ArleenNigro and /u/NetherStraya ... do you people realize that you basically want to achieve the same thing, and instead of helping your shared cause, you fight about who's right or who's "earlier to the party"?

All that separates you (according to what I'm reading in this thread) is that you have two different perspectives on where things are right now, and have been in recent years. Is that really that important? Is it really that hard to see that you can both be "right" - just bringing different perspectives to the party, that both are important?
[deleted]
This characterization feels intuitively wrong. On one hand, you point out that he may suffer from a mental illness. On the other, you paint him as a force of nature. Neither seems entirely accurate, nor honest. There’s a tension there you’re not fully developing.

He appears to have all the trappings of psychopathy. He also appears to be a master manipulator—who was able to seduce, confuse, and control you for a time, resulting in an apparent lapse in rational judgement (even in spite of the large group of friends who disapproved).

And it seems that your rationality is still at odds with your emotional feelings towards him. I don’t know if the two can exist simultaneously. You admit you still love him, despite how despicable a human being he is. You say that he is terrible, in an abstract way, but I don’t think you’ve really accepted it. Otherwise, I think, you wouldn’t look so fondly on the past relationship. You would see the emotional ties you had to him arose from his abuse and manipulation—this is nothing to be grateful for.

And if you do believe there were parts to the relationship that had value, there are a variety of things you have yet to resolve.
&gt;She has name dropped all kinds of philosophers she has "studied", but seems to lack the understanding of their thoughts or points. She comes off as a high schooler who likes to throw out names and vocabulary they heard without a larger understanding of them.

That's not addressing anything I've said. Please actually do so. 

&gt;also, way to.half quote me on the last line. She is attempting to cash in on it, while having no issue with it when it wasnt causing her problems.

That doesn't change shit, you can't cash in on something you're giving away for free.
This is a VERY good point.
Thank you.
Right? This is hilarious though
She specifically says she thinks he has mental health problems. A whore isn't the one to diagnose that
I'm condeming her because she's exposed it while selling a 45 dollar, 100page book about it.
[removed]
[removed]
Jashan, have you even been reading this thread?

Arleen has brought up nothing but filth and trash this entire time. He has been doing NOTHING but ripping into people and telling them how horrible they are.

Nether might be "arguing" with him, but he isn't trying to fucking roast him as an asshole the way Arlene has been doing the whole time.
[deleted]
It doesn't help that she compared him to an apex predator. Narcissists often describe themselves as apex predators and defend their behavior with this comparison.
In my engineering program, you had the option to do philosophy or languages. I wasn’t about to read an enciclopedia of older work and try to keep up with Calc2 and Physics 1.
Denigrating a sex worker lmao how progressive of you 🤣🤣 you fucking hypocrite.
[deleted]
It's not unheard of for insane folk to be lucid and coherent, while completely detached from reality.
&gt; do live like human and have interactions with others... 

Humans live like humans? Oh fucking really? You're an idiot.
Trust me.. Most people are taking that advice.
You're just being overly aggressive because you don't agree. Chill.
[deleted]
TL;DR: TRP is right
Well she does live in America and hes very open with his opinions, I find it very hard to beleive that someone who was close to him for that long wouldn't have any knowledge of his political beliefs.
you looking like a dumbass is 100% on you and your lack of reading comprehension, you dumbass.
No need for insult here bud, don't get butthurt bc i say that nazis shit and fart when they die
[deleted]
I'm not them and It actually depends on the people involved, he might be not honest about it in some of his close circle ( as i guess it can blacklist you from some places and prevent you to make some occasional brainwash or recruitment ) , and she might not be interested in nazi shit so yep, she didn't know and he could have kept it under the Goat rug

 they could have met via friends who are not that interested in politics, or in a pub or at a game or in a neighborhood or any places where you don't really put your beliefs on your forhead

Or he could have been completly dishonnest the entire time and used her 

There is quite a lot of possibilities actually
lol “tragic hero” poor misunderstood nazi
I'm not butthurt you're just painfully stupid.
Again, you don't need to insult me mate,and i'm sorry if i'm painfully stupid, but you can actually tell me why, i could maybe learn some,  Cheers.
But he's right you are an idiot.
They aren't cartoon characters, they're humans with an awful sense of morality. You were acting like these people weren't capable of thought or having 3 dimensional personalities.
Please enlighten me
Those krauts lied after they lost.
What the fuck are you retarded? You had an "intimate relationship" with a guy who called for a race war.
Thats because youre full of shit
Money. She means he gave her enough money to live well for a while. Like a rich dad.
[deleted]
Don't insult dogs by comparing them to this scumbag please
&gt;We have a culture in the US today on the left of completely demonizing Nazis, 

GEE I WONDER WHY 

Apparently this is a bad thing too. Fuckin hell
It took me about 30 minutes of watching him talk to realize he's an enormous fucking douche (I had never heard of him before today). A whole lot of bravado masked by insecurity and, frankly, some seriously misguided world-views. I wouldn't consider him intelligent nor desirable.  And here you sit, defending that pile of shit....unreal.
Wait....you dont? Literally everyone does that
You're not making money off your book?
I know your catching a lot of flak out here, thank you for your response. Ill try to break it down as human to human, with compassion.

Imagine growing up with a heritage different then most of the people around you. Similar, but different.
 
Judaism is passed through the blood line of the mother. I was raised Jewish yes, but more realistically I was born a Jew no matter how I identify.

You learn growing up that your people were systematically exterminated in one of the worst displays of human kind ever. 

That's the reason why your temple is alone, your people are so few, and your population will never grow back.

Millions and millions of your people gone. You've seen the videos of the concentration camps, and it's the most atrocious thing you've ever witnessed.  Your country fought a war against this vile beings and more likely than not some more of your family and their friends died in a foreign country to put an end to it.

Now the ideology has returned. People whom I've never met, who have no idea who I am prefer me gassed like a bug. Their own grandparents probably fought and died against the Nazis.

Are we here to argue for their fair treatment? To have their voices heard and appreciated? To pity and feel remorse for their disgusting opinions?

If they had it their way I'd be dead, and so would you for siding against them. 

After France was liberated from Nazi regime the women whom they slept with were also outed as traitors and were outcast from society.

You may have had it nice with evil. Now you have no sympathy from the good for choosing to side with evil. I'm sure Hitler could sweet talk his partners as well. But he murdered my family.

I hope you can understand why we feel this way here. We don't fuck with Nazis. People fucking died, this ideology isn't a joke. The ones who represent it would be guilty of crimes against humanity if they had the strength to do it again.

And your work/passion was to make his atrocious fantasies come true?
No argument is to be had or advanced because you don’t have a leg to stand on and keep trying to justify and wiggle your way out of any personal responsibility like an adult.

The fact that you were a dominatrix is abhorrent given you seem to lack the ability to read people, understand your actions and will justify any shitty thing you do on outside circumstances.

Who ghost wrote your book because if it’s written how you speak it’s an absolute crock of shit and you should be ashamed of yourself and it’s not worth the paper it’s printed on.
Christ now I'm morbidly curious to see how badly you butchered Nietzsche
r/iamverysmart
Not really, quite the opposite,all i'm saying is that it's a complex situation, and not a "awful dude meets awful dudette " two dimensionnal type situation... 
what i'm saying is that she could actually not have known of his political involvement, I don't know if he was publicly known when they knew each others few years bacck, he could have simply keept it down,(like i said on another comment, i know a very similar Story so this one does not make an exception for me) there is room for that... this guy sure is a piece of shit just for his shitty murderous political views and his domestic violence 
but that does not make her an awful person if she, as she claim, didn't know his beliefs, still is conflicted or bc she writes a book about a complex situation that could actually be interesting to understand , and not because it supposedly waters down nazi dudes. 
 On the contrary if it can puts you in the mind and logic of someone who has terrible violent behaviour and murderous thoughts, it can help recognise and prevent those said patterns. 


Edit: some format
Lied ? About what ?
Man i feel old,  but More seriously: really ?
Thanks for proving me right. Learn to format your word vomit.
Care to explain?
&gt; Learn to format your word vomit. 

Learn to format your word vomit.
Please enlighten me
[deleted]
I think that you're at least partially right. I haven't been able to afford therapy, since I mostly stopped working after being harassed by neo-Nazis at work. So there is certainly a lot I have to resolve.
Well, at any rate, I wish you luck on this journey.
At least you tried. A+ civility.  Maybe the other person will realize they were being an ass, who knows.
I think they're criticizing the way you write. You just use a bunch of run-on sentences with commas in between.
Seriously 45 bucks for only 100 pages is ridiculous. There are tons of 600 page books that are award winners that don't cost that much haha.
[removed]
I totally understand where your coming from!

I really do believe love is the answer most of the time and is the medicine we all need. 

Yet the Nazis weren't uprooted out of Europe through hugs and diplomacy. They were fucking killed by mass organized forms of violence.

We all know how well appeasement worked for France and the rest of Western Europe. Which lead to massacre of civilian populations in those nations, holocaust.

Is there not violence in shooting a rabid dog that is a danger to all? Or locking up murderers and rapists together for the rest of their pitiful lives?

We commit these acts out of love for the innocent and defenseless. If my ancestors were more violent, and less peaceful in the face of their persecution maybe they would still be here.

I am not advocating for violence. I advocate for the prevention of Nazi growth through public shaming and discourse such as this.

I will not allow these weeds to take root in this planet again.
Damn
While I would tend to agree with your statement, this is a pretty decent subject to be a little emotional about because it's pretty cut and dry.
Love your username.
😉
Frankly, that was kind of my point. I didn't want to argue about who was earlier to this whole thing in the first place until they attacked me for it. Also I didn't know anything about the person's background or where they grew up. 

This whole thing is a mess. What a waste. I mean jesus, they and I both agree that nazis are a load of bullshit that can't be allowed to stay. But honestly? Nazis don't just pop out of the ground or drop down from the sky. Refusing to understand how they get a foothold or admit that they're human to begin with is just so damned counterproductive.
When I say "starting to return," I mean in force, not these little niche pockets that were always and will always be there. When they feel the need to hide what views they hold because they know the public won't like it and that they'll lose support for holding them, it's a good thing. 

Look, there weren't white power protesters in the nearby town before. And even if there were, they were in so few numbers that they weren't remarked upon or got the eyerolls they deserved. I'm not so naive as to think this stuff ever "went away." It never did and it never will. I just want it to go feel ashamed enough to go back under the floorboards where it belongs. I don't want people to view it as "just another opinion" or think that "all sides are the same anyway." 

So I'm sorry wherever you live is KKK territory through and through, but it isn't around here and I want to keep it that way. Simple as that. Dunno why you want to *argue* about it so badly.
What you ought to be doing is not selling books about it, if you wanna tell people about his abuse and shit great, but that can be done in a free internet post, where you don't profit off your poor decisions. What you should also do is leave the anti fascist debate to people who actually get it, actually care and actually spend the time learning about it and educating themselves. The fact that you were so close with him, so recently, and also that you enjoyed debating the merits of facism with him, shows clearly that you're not the person who should be talking about this. There are people who have spent decades doing research about this stuff, and id bet you've never paid any attention. Also, there's tons of people who didn't need to "learn" why racism and facism are wrong. You're a white person who, by your own admission, only recently started to "get" why Nazis are bad. Middle schoolers have a better grasp of Nazism than you, that's why you should just leave it to people who actually know what they're talking about. That's not to mention how apologist you're being here. How can you be an authority on facism when you don't even understand why this white man found facism appealing. It's not that he "couldn't help it", Nazism puts the power in the hands of white males EXCLUSIVELY and he knows that, and that's why hes trying to bring it back. You can't "not help" supporting literal genocide, that takes much more thought and commitment, it's not an impulse.
That's a really good point. Thank you.
The state of reddit right now - Stephan makes an opinionated response that it is well spoken and informative (though speculative)  but because it is against the general consensus of reddit, Stephan gets downvoted.   


Safari responds without adding anything to the discussion, just an asshole sarcastic remark followed by a completely uncalled for insult, but because the insult and sarcasm is aimed at someone who doesn't agree with reddit's hive-mind opinion, he gets upvoted.   


I was always under the impression that the idea of the upvote/downvote system was to downvote people who are offering nothing but annoyances and air to the topic of conversation. Am I wrong here?
I am sorry that this subject makes you  upset but there is no need to take it out on this guy, who has been nothing but patient and kind to you. He is not defending Nazi's or her behavior. He is just saying  that he can understand how she may have found herself in this situation. When you are verbally abusive to people it does not bring anything positive to the topic. It  may come across that you do not care to have a conversation. That the only reason for your reply  was to bash on people to try to get a rise out of them. This leads me to believe you could be trolling or you have some anger issues. If you are going through some tough times and feel trolling or being overly aggressive is the only way to release some of that hurt, feel free to IM me. \*huggles\*
Was? Seems like you still are.
Jesus Christ. $45 and she's "not making any money". Yeaa... Ok. And I'm drinking a whole bottle of vodka but I'm not getting drunk.
Thanks for this response. What you're writing makes sense to me and it's humbling, frankly. 

However, why do you think my work and passion was to make his fantasies come true? He was not my dominatrix client.
Yeah i think i got that
Oh ok well you asked for enlightenment so I was just offering some info haha.
You're retarded!
No worries, i was trying to get him into giving some arguments, sorry if it was unclear
About their level of support. About their level of involvement. About their level of knowledge about the atrocities. They were scum and supported scum.
Yep, this is the denial i was talking about
Didn't catch that part!  I saw the dominatrix thing and assumed, my bad! 

I'm totally sorry if I came off strongly. Nazism is a very personal matter for me. You are humble about it and have valid reasoning in most of your responses I've seen here.

I sincerely hope you find peace through your experiences.

Best of luck out there :)


I'm glad you managed to extricate yourself safely from such stressful situation.
fuck off out of my inbox.
&gt;The state of reddit right now - Stephan makes an opinionated response that it is well spoken and informative (though speculative) but because it is against the general consensus of reddit, Stephan gets downvoted. 

Well spoken for a 6 year old. His point was retarded too, 'Nazis are achtually people u guis' serious i thought they were cats. You're wrong because your opinion on what he said was wrong lol.
This is my favorite comment on this thread. Thank you for saying that.
How in the world is a man with Augustus' viewpoints not 100% a monster? Because he was nice to you?

&amp;#x200B;

The apex predator idea, while complimentary and something he'd probably appreciate, kind of works. Think of the shark in Jaws - it couldn't help itself, it just kept eating people. It can’t be bargained with.  It can’t be reasoned with. It doesn’t feel pity, or remorse, or fear. 

&amp;#x200B;

No one cares about its motivations, because they're inhumane. No one tries to understand it. The only thing that matters is stopping it before it can hurt more people, and warning people to avoid it in the meantime. You, unfortunately, are warning people not to dismiss it, that it's human, that there's something in there worth valuing. That's how more people die.
Shes not only a sex worker, she is shoring her relationship to a fascist and profiteering off her support of and love for an neo-Nazi lol I dont give a fuck if it denigrates a degenerate work industry. 

I dont know where I claim to be some major progressive, but just because I dont lean all the way toward one ideology doesnt mean I'm unable to have an opinion about whoring whether its sex or relationship stories. 



I mean you do see what this womans doing right? I have some respect for certain sex workers but shes just taking the fact she does it, and that her relationship with this prick went bad because he exposed her, so now shes exposed him and is selling the "story", for $45. 

I'd have to agree that I'm a POS if this were a real sex worker AMA but that's not what I'm seeing her. I see her using that status to whore her facist relationship for max profit. Like a true facist side bitch.
I said "obvious" monsters, meaning it's not 100% obvious they are monsters. All I'm saying is that it's worth trying to deconvert some people (not Augustus) and that it's worth having a reason before one kills a fascist vs. just blindly killing them. If that's controversial to you, I'm not really interested in your opinion.
Popcorn pissing is against the rules lad
As long any user can upvote/downvote it will eventually be an opinion aggregator system, so no, you're not wrong when this system is in its conception; you're wrong that it would stay that way.
So what’s the problem with declaring that you would if you did
r/iamverysmart
You say that but I've never been so sure in my life that you are at MOST a high schooler.
What reason is there not too?
&gt; I think of him sort of like a big cat or another type of apex predator. You're not angry at them necessarily, you just need to contain their threat and otherwise stay the hell out of their way.

this is too cringe.
You're a child xD

Calling out stupid opinions does add to the conversation
I like surprise
She probably agrees with them...
It should be noted that I’ve upvoted every single person who’s disagreed with me here, as far as I know.

That said.

In 7th grade, I took an SAT test without preparing for it at all, it was spur-of-the-moment, I knew about it about an hour ahead of time and didn’t do any research or anything. I scored higher on it than the average person using it to apply for college in my area.

An IQ test has shown me to be in the 99.9th percentile for IQ. This is the highest result the test I was given reaches; anything further and they’d consider it to be within the margin of error for that test.

My mother’s boyfriend of 8 years is an aerospace engineer who graduated Virginia Tech. At the age of 15, I understand physics better than him, and I owe very little of it to him, as he would rarely give me a decent explanation of anything, just tell me that my ideas were wrong and become aggravated with me for not quite understanding thermodynamics. He’s not particularly successful as an engineer, but I’ve met lots of other engineers who aren’t as good as me at physics, so I’m guessing that’s not just a result of him being bad at it.

I’m also pretty good at engineering. I don’t have a degree, and other than physics I don’t have a better understanding of any aspect of engineering than any actual engineer, but I have lots of ingenuity for inventing new things. For example, I independently invented regenerative brakes before finding out what they were, and I was only seven or eight years old when I started inventing wireless electricity solutions (my first idea being to use a powerful infrared laser to transmit energy; admittedly not the best plan).

I have independently thought of basically every branch of philosophy I’ve come across. Every question of existentialism which I’ve seen discussed in SMBC or xkcd or Reddit or anywhere else, the thoughts haven’t been new to me. Philosophy has pretty much gotten trivial for me; I’ve considered taking a philosophy course just to see how easy it is.

Psychology, I actually understand better than people with degrees. Unlike engineering, there’s no aspect of psychology which I don’t have a very good understanding of. I can debunk many of even Sigmund Freud’s theories.

I’m a good enough writer that I’m writing a book and so far everybody who’s read any of it has said it was really good and plausible to expect to have published. And that’s not just, like, me and family members, that counts strangers on the Internet. I’ve heard zero negative appraisal of it so far; people have critiqued it, but not insulted it.

I don’t know if that will suffice as evidence that I’m intelligent. I’m done with it, though, because I’d rather defend my maturity, since it’s what you’ve spent the most time attacking. The following are some examples of my morals and ethical code.

I believe firmly that everybody deserves a future. If we were to capture Hitler at the end of WWII, I would be against executing him. In fact, if we had any way of rehabilitating him and knowing that he wasn’t just faking it, I’d even support the concept of letting him go free. This is essentially because I think that whoever you are in the present is a separate entity from who you were in the past and who you are in the future, and while your present self should take responsibility for your past self’s actions, it shouldn’t be punished for them simply for the sake of punishment, especially if the present self regrets the actions of the past self and feels genuine guilt about them.

I don’t believe in judgement of people based on their personal choices as long as those personal choices aren’t harming others. I don’t have any issue with any type of sexuality whatsoever (short of physically acting out necrophilia, pedophilia, or other acts which have a harmful affect on others - but I don’t care what a person’s fantasies consist of, as long as they recognize the difference between reality and fiction and can separate them). I don’t have any issue with anybody over what type of music they listen to, or clothes they wear, etc. I know that’s not really an impressive moral, but it’s unfortunately rare; a great many people, especially those my age, are judgmental about these things.

I love everyone, even people I hate. I wish my worst enemies good fortune and happiness. Rick Perry is a vile, piece of shit human being, deserving of zero respect, but I wish for him to change for the better and live the best life possible. I wish this for everyone.

I’m pretty much a pacifist. I’ve taken a broken nose without fighting back or seeking retribution, because the guy stopped punching after that. The only time I’ll fight back is if 1) the person attacking me shows no signs of stopping and 2) if I don’t attack, I’ll come out worse than the other person will if I do. In other words, if fighting someone is going to end up being more harmful to them than just letting them go will be to me, I don’t fight back. I’ve therefore never had a reason to fight back against anyone in anything serious, because my ability to take pain has so far made it so that I’m never in a situation where I’ll be worse off after a fight. If I’m not going to get any hospitalizing injuries, I really don’t care.

The only exception is if someone is going after my life. Even then, I’ll do the minimum amount of harm to them that I possibly can in protecting myself. If someone points a gun at me and I can get out of it without harming them, I’d prefer to do that over killing them.

I consider myself a feminist. I don’t believe in enforced or uniform gender roles; they may happen naturally, but they should never be coerced into happening unnaturally. As in, the societal pressure for gender roles should really go, even if it’ll turn out that the majority of relationships continue operating the same way of their own accord. I treat women with the same outlook I treat men, and never participate in the old Reddit “women are crazy” circlejerk, because there are multiple women out there and each have different personalities just like there are multiple men out there and each with different personalities. I don’t think you do much of anything except scare off the awesome women out there by going on and on about the ones who aren’t awesome.

That doesn’t mean I look for places to victimize women, I just don’t believe it’s fair to make generalizations such as the one about women acting like everything’s OK when it’s really not (and that’s a particularly harsh example, because all humans do that).

I’m kind of tired of citing these examples and I’m guessing you’re getting tired of reading them, if you’ve even made it this far. In closing, the people who know me in real life all respect me, as do a great many people in the Reddit brony community, where I spend most of my time and where I’m pretty known for being helpful around the community. A lot of people in my segment of the community are depressed or going through hard times, and I spend a lot of time giving advice and support to people there. Yesterday someone quoted a case of me doing this in a post asking everyone what their favorite motivational/inspirational quote was, and that comment was second to the top, so I guess other people agreed (though, granted, it was a pretty low-traffic post, only about a dozen competing comments).

And, uh, I’m a pretty good moderator.

All that, and I think your behavior in this thread was totally assholish. So what do you think, now that you at least slightly know me?
Ah, the cursed pasta of legend
TIL non-Americans are idiots
Happy to help.
I think he is mentally ill, and in that regard can't help doing what he does, at least in part. But, I still think mentally ill people are responsible for seeking help—especially if their illness causes harm to other people. His behavior harms others, and he knows it.
I’ve never once seen someone knock every single comment in a thread out the park but you, you’ve done it. Every comment you’ve done has hit the mark
You're the one that started the argument by assuming I didn't know anything about white supremacists and how I should read up on it and look into it. Because obviously the only way that someone could see something differently than you is not be as informed as you are. 

And now you're like "Woah I don't know why you're arguing about it." 

You were clueless to the level of white supremacy present in your community and when you discovered it assumed that since you hadn't seen it before it must not be something that existed before you noticed it. 

I can guarantee that the people of color in your community if there are any there in any number, do not share your opinion that white supremacy wasn't around before you noticed it.
Listen to what people of color say about racism. 

Repeat it as a white guy. 

Get adulation.

Summary:
I don't know what to make of this.
I hate what he did to me, but I don’t hate him for doing it.
I did Nazi that coming.
I don't profit off this.
I did not grow up with people like this.
It never did and it never will.
It's like, where do you even get off?
I'm doing what I can to fight fascism.
I dont get why shes being condemned for it.
She said she didnt know the guy was a nazi.
You said it better than I have been trying to.
You're not making money off your book?
We don't fuck with Nazis.
People need money get over it.
You can come for me when I do my AMA.
[I don't know where I'd get the idea that she thinks he can't help doing what he does.
I'm going to say something about this personally.
This is her way of trying to help.
You may know things but you don’t understand shit.
This is really fucked up.
You don't know what harm you did by associating with the fucking nazi?
See now I would think it's a bad argument but you do you.
Seems like you still are.
I hope you can understand why we feel this way here.
This guy is a human being.
did you seriously just say we need to humanize nazis?
I'm not a hero, here.
And that's why she's getting shit, because she deserves it.
I think yours is a fair view.
I think your view is fair too!
Nazis are actually human beings.
That's a really good point.
There is no mental illness makes someone a Nazi.
She's calling him a tragic hero because she really wants to call him a hero.
No one tries to understand it.
You should try and get your money back.
She's trying to make a buck.
I mean you do see what this womans doing right?
I don't know what harm I did by associating with him.
That's how more people die.
I love everyone, even people I hate.
You fight white supremacy by humanizing people of color.
I totally understand where your coming from!
I think that you're at least partially right.
I didn't say I don't know what the harm of fascism is.
Personally, I find it kind of interesting.
"I once thought a white supremacist wasn't so bad.
I feel pretty sure i've had a lot of it.
A lot of my friends and loved ones don’t understand how I can feel this way.
I think they're criticizing the way you write.
&gt; What are YOU doing?
This book is very much "doing something against him."
What has she done that's the right way?
Thank you for saying that.
Yes, you're right that you don't simply stay out of their way.
I hope that makes sense!
Your whole "someone who can't help doing what they're doing."
No, I'm pointing out someone making $ off of the alt-right.
I don't want people to view it as "just another opinion" or think that "all sides are the same anyway."
"Don't call white supremacists tragic heroes."
If she didn’t know it’s because she didn’t want to know.
nah, we don't just "stay the hell out of their way" when you're talking about actual nazis like him.
I liked his philosophy of friendship.
The only way I found out anything else was by looking shit up for myself.
You can fuck right off with this defending Nazis bullshit.
I'm unfortunately not cashing in on anything, though, I don't make money off this.
someone who can't help doing what they're doing.
You needed to keep reading.
They were doing the right thing here.
And I have my doubts you had no idea about his fascist beliefs while you were with him.
$45 and she's "not making any money".
&gt; nah, we don't just "stay the hell out of their way" when you're talking about actual nazis like him.
I'm SURROUNDED by people who don't know this basic shit.
I think you are too read, and may not see, that the ones that make this story, are but melancholy.
No, I don't have a graduate degree.
She's free to do what she wants.
I don't understand why you believe that I support reasoning with fascists.
However, I learned the hard way this is wrong.
And I doubt she really even gave much of a shit about that.
People write things like this to spread information, not just to make money.
&gt;You don't fight white supremacist by humanizing white supremacist.
I am not advocating for violence.
I honestly don't believe in regret.
I said I don't know what the harm of my having spoken to him is.
I think what she's trying to do is humanize him without condoning his beliefs or actions.
That's what your friends wanted you to do.
Understanding is not the same thing as agreeing.
She ignored who he was.
&gt; However, I learned the hard way this is wrong.
Augustus might be a tragic hero, but that's about it.
I said "obvious" monsters, meaning it's not 100% obvious they are monsters.
I think you may have used the wrong term, mate.
Psychology, I actually understand better than people with degrees.
Thats because youre full of shit.
Don't describe them as heroes.
What a weird thing to say.
And this whole idea that she didn’t know he was a fascist... what?
My point of view is that you don't fight white supremacist by humanizing white supremacist.
I wish this for everyone.
Hilariously, I am not making any profits.
What reason is there not too?
You're a white person who, by your own admission, only recently started to "get" why Nazis are bad.
You understand the stupidity of this right?
I think he is mentally ill, and in that regard can't help doing what he does, at least in part.
dude she's selling her book.
I don't understand how you can feel 'off the hook' because you were dating a murderous nazi, and not one yourself.
I think you're completely morally reprehensible.
I think of him sort of like a big cat or another type of apex predator.
I can read and interpret the subtext of what people mean when they say things.
Do you know what a tragic hero is?
It clearly didnt work out for you personally.
I assume I'm not the first or the second.
Seems to me like it means he's pretty much insane.
&gt; I think of him sort of like a big cat or another type of apex predator.
The point that not all Nazis are 100% obvious monsters is just something positive I try to take from the experience.
He is not defending Nazi's or her behavior.
You say that he is terrible, in an abstract way, but I don’t think you’ve really accepted it.
You're just *attempting* to profit off of it.
But even if I did, you must understand the social implications of calling a Fascist and White Supremacist a tragic hero to anyone reading.
Any one of us, if put in the right situation, could be a Nazi, and we don't like it.
And the reason I, and many other people reading this, feel that way is you just got through describing this man sympathetically as an apex predator, i.e.
He is just saying  that he can understand how she may have found herself in this situation.
Also I didn't know anything about the person's background or where they grew up.
Yes, I completed high school.
They just can't help it!
And now you're like "Woah I don't know why you're arguing about it."
She's looking to make a buck by selling some books and trying to spin her story into what she thinks people want to hear.
We aren't down with nazis.
Honestly, this sounds like someone trying to make us sympathize with a piece of shit for a person.
It's because you are, or at least were, a fascist racist Nazi apologist.
She probably agrees with them...
Yeah i think i got that.
I believe purposely because you know that you are seeking profit.
That doesn't change shit, you can't cash in on something you're giving away for free.
Being a Nazi *is* a choice.
I can't argue with you about that if that's what you believe—it's clear you're not actually looking for a response.
And wow, I really think you need to start looking--especially if you're an American.
I mean, by the time any of us made it through middle school we had learned.
I'm doing what I can to prevent him from exercising power.
