Original Response:
Lol this sub is never happy, we had multiple threads about taking in the people Being genocided, you know what the reaction was? Tons of comments denying the genocide and almost complete opposition to bringing them in.

Seems like you guys just want to shit on the government and not actually solve this issue
Look I realize there are some of you out there who think *Canada can save the world*. But we can’t, the world can be a shitty place, we’re just lucky we do live in a nation like this, but we are just one nation of 38mil. and limited money, although you wouldn’t know that the way Trudeau throws it around. We can do some things yes but, fixing everyone else’s problems is not one of them. Not when we have problems at home right now that could very much use this governments attention that they just seem to ignore in lieu of pointing fingers at other countries, which is literally doing sweet fuck all except getting more of the worlds population pissed off at us, and resulting in pretty shitty economic problems for us at the moment in the form of tariffs and losing trading partners...but I guess that’s easier than dealing with the real problems at home.
My problem  is with people shitting on trudeau no matter what he does, this sub has shown they will attack trudeau no matter what decision he makes on the rohingya.

&gt; except getting more of the worlds population pissed off at us, and resulting in pretty shitty economic problems for us at the moment in the form of tariffs and losing trading partners...but I guess that’s easier than dealing with the real problems at home.

Are you seriously trying to blame trumps tariffs on trudeau? I can't take you seriously when you try such a blatant spin like that.
&gt;Tons of comments denying the genocide and almost complete opposition to bringing them in.

I mean, we certainly saw hysterical progressives making this ad-hominem attack ("you're a genocide denier!!!") to anyone critical of the idea that it's Canada's problem to solve. 


&gt;Seems like you guys just want to shit on the government and not actually solve this issue 


We are not the World Refugee Police. We have no responsibility to solve an issue on the other side of the planet.
&gt; we certainly saw hysterical progressives making this ad-hominem attack ("you're a genocide denier!!!") to anyone critical of the idea that it's Canada's problem to solve. 

I dealt with multiple actual genocide deniers in multiple threads on the issue.

Have that opnion all you want I just find it ridiculous that I come into this thread and see it full of people shitting on trudeau and saying hes not doing anything when I know for a fact that if he were to take more substantial action such as taking in refugees those same people would attack him still
Well maybe when he doesn’t act like a complete idiot and does something Prime Ministerial, he won’t get shit on. And yes I’m blaming him and Crystia Freeland for the mess. How about when going into trade talks, you talk about trade and tariffs, you know...things relevant to the topic. NOT gender and sexuality. Be professional don’t try to push your agenda on others. From that point on it’s no wonder they didn’t want to deal with us.
&gt; Well maybe when he doesn’t act like a complete idiot and does something Prime Ministerial, he won’t get shit on.

He does. The fact that you say that proves his point.    

&gt; And yes I’m blaming him and Crystia Freeland for the mess. How about when going into trade talks, you talk about trade and tariffs, you know...things relevant to the topic. NOT gender and sexuality. Be professional don’t try to push your agenda on others. From that point on it’s no wonder they didn’t want to deal with us. 

And yeah, this too. Your post is ridiculous.
Trump himself in the leaked star quote said he never intended to compromise during negotiations and now you want to blame trudeau and Freeland? Lol, you can't make a deal with a man who has no intention  of making a deal.
Thanks for agreeing he acts like an idiot.
&gt; Have that opnion all you want I just find it ridiculous that I come into this thread and see it full of people shitting on trudeau and saying hes not doing anything when I know for a fact that if he were to take more substantial action such as taking in refugees those same people would attack him still

As already stretched taxpayer, we hope JT does not take in more refugees instead fix the homeless and hospital wait times in Canada.
That’s false. They have every intention of making a deal, just a worse one now. What about Saudi Arabia? India? How did that go?
[deleted]
&gt; They have every intention of making a deal, just a worse one now

What do you mean now? they had that intention from the start, you can't negotiate with that. Trump himself confirmed the quote was real by complaining about it being released,he had no intention of negotiating
That's great so why are people still attacking him when he's now not taking in refugees just like they want? Like I just said you can't win, people here will shit on him regardless
Saudi Arabia are overreacting babies.    

India? An embarrassing trip, yes. Didn't harm our relationship with the country, just made him look a little foolish.
grow up
I can’t help it if you can’t make clear arguments and resort to dismissive language when you have no argument.
Ah resort to calling countries cry babies and that trip didn’t hurt us?! They were one of our largest trading partners until they put huge tariffs on any grain coming into their country from us. It’s dropped prices on peas and lentils and numerous other grains by half. How many billions did that take out of our economy? Tell me again how it didn’t hurt us? Who’s being ridiculous now.
...you think the PM dressing up and visiting some landmarks caused India to enact tariffs on us? There are no words.
If you think it was simply that, then you are uninformed. He insulted them, there was something about a terrorist at dinner and he got absolutely nothing accomplished while over there. He’s a stuttering buffoon who took his family on vacation and managed to screw a lot up. Starting to see similarities between him and national lampoons vacation series actually. But I’m glad you acknowledge that him playing dress up was awkward as hell for everyone and made him look ridiculous.
Sadly a lot of Canadians only want immigrants that are both white and non-Muslim. Whether or not the accept it, this is the reality. It also turns out that many of them frequent this subreddit.

Summary:
Seems like you guys just want to shit on the government and not actually solve this issue.
From that point on it’s no wonder they didn’t want to deal with us.
They have every intention of making a deal, just a worse one now.
That's great so why are people still attacking him when he's now not taking in refugees just like they want?
&gt; They have every intention of making a deal, just a worse one now

What do you mean now?
&gt;Seems like you guys just want to shit on the government and not actually solve this issue 


We are not the World Refugee Police.
Like I just said you can't win, people here will shit on him regardless.
