Original Response:
Not sure if this is the right place but I’m just looking for some help.

Okay, I’ll try to make this as short as possible. As the title  suggests I’m 28 and looking to go back to studying part time. I know that’s not hard for a lot of people but my situation is kind of shitty. I haven’t really been doing too well as an adult, I’ve only worked in shitty jobs just to make enough money to get me through each week and I’ve always been very bad with money (that’s a whole other issue I am trying to work on). I have no savings and a bad credit rating because I really have been a shit adult. So basically, I can’t just walk into tafe right now and apply because I don’t have the money or skills. I technically was in high school until year 11 but I don’t have my year 10 certificate. 

So, while I am trying to save some money and get my life back on track I am wondering if there are any free courses or very cheap that will help me build steps towards getting a proper education. I am not 100% sure what I want to do for a career but I would love to study psychology. Ideally, I would like a job where I can help people. As someone who has struggled and is still struggling with addiction, I would love to be able to help young people from making the same mistakes I have and realise life is more than just today and tomorrow. 

I’m sorry this is so messy, I have a lot of thoughts I am trying to get out. Basically I am looking for advice on how to get ready to get back into study. I am in Australia so any aussies that know of online courses or anything like that would be super helpful. I know next to nothing about higher education and I have no idea where to start.

Thanks to anyone who made it this far. I appreciate your time. :) 


Edit: Thanks to everyone for your advice and comments so far! I’m off to work for a few hours but I plan to read through everything and get started on research tonight and tomorrow. Thanks again :)
most tafes and uni has hecs/help fee things
Unfortunately I believe most of the financial help requires you to have a decent credit rating. I do not :(
not for hecs. it just goes onto your tax account and you pay it back when you earn over a certain amount.
Anyone can get a HECS debt. It’s designed that way. Just apply for any course and it’ll be approved.
That’s good to know. Now I just need to figure out how to build my skills up enough to cover for my lack of year 10 and 12 certificate.
Some TAFEs will have a y12 equivalent you can do to get you back to the studying groove.  Interestingly it's how a lot of Aboriginal academics got into it.  Left school really early, did TAFE in their 30s/40s , got excited and transitioned to uni and eventually to PhDs.
Look into tertiary enabling program, 6-month program which if you do well in you can pathway to a uni course.
Tafe can catch you up on the lack of certificates if it is even required and can act as a pathway course into a uni degree without needing year 12 grades. I recently graduated with honours after going through the pathways system after working for several years and ended up having a lot more skills and was more employable than the other kids who went straight into uni after high-school.
It’s called HELP
Isn’t the help part just a rebrand, or sub heading for the Higher Education Contribution Scheme? 

I genuinely don’t know, just assumed.
[deleted]
Also apart of watering down the services and charging interest on the debts, lowering the pay back threshold and chasing people for the debt over seas.
You’re reasonably articulate, which puts you ahead of a reasonable percentage of uni students. So that’s a start.
Last year I completed a year long version that allowed me to get in to engineering at uni. The only requirement was a 65% pass mark. This was quite achievable with reasonable study. However, it didn’t really teach me the study skills required for university, so that is a struggle.
Not so simple, there is HECS-HELP and FEE-HELP. Hecs help is loan for the commonwealth supported places, which is subsidised uni enrolment. Fee help is loan for full self funded uni places. While they are both loans, fee help may mean you own the government 5 times the amount compared to hecs help.
http://www.vtac.edu.au/admissions-tests/stat.html

If you're in Victoria the STAT test will provide you a replacement for high school.  The other states will have an equivalent, just follow that link and have a look around.
You can sit a test called the STAT. I didn't have a ranking because I never finished highschool and used this test as a way of being accepted into uni. It's a general intelligence test so you don't need to study for it.

Summary:
Not sure if this is the right place but I’m just looking for some help.
Anyone can get a HECS debt.
most tafes and uni has hecs/help fee things.
I genuinely don’t know, just assumed.
I know that’s not hard for a lot of people but my situation is kind of shitty.
