Original Response:
[deleted]
So, what do you really want him to say the next time you ask "Do these jeans make my ass look big?".  

This is low hanging fruit...if you can make your partner feel *good* in a relatively harmless way, you should do it.  Exaggerate it, even...
I've never asked him how my "ass" looked in jeans. Sorry, but you kinda sound like a jerk, I'm asking for advice not judgment.
It's a joke....*sigh*...you know, like asking how you look in something yet not really wanting to hear the truth?  

The rest of my post is accurate.....
Tbh you’re the jerk for this post. Use common sense: should you tell your partner? Do you honestly think that could ever be a good idea? That’s how to ruin a relationship 101.
If a partner wants honesty then, yeah, I think this a totally legit question to ask.
That’s also if your partner wants zero self esteem.
There needs to be a line drawn between being honest and providing too much info.
No, that's bullshit.  Twice you've called people jerks for literally just turning your words toward yourself and asking you to put yourself in his situation.  I'll be honest, I read your post and cringed, I mean it takes a special kind of callous, heartless person to actually even *think*, "Should I tell my boyfriend and sexual partner, who is clearly dealing with some insecurity issues, that his dick isn't very big".  I mean that is a horrible thing to even consider.  

But I thought hey, no judgment, I'll read the comments and see how it goes.  Maybe she just doesn't know any better?  But so far your answers have either been rude, or you sound incredibly selfish and self-centered.    You sound very much "it's all about me".  Honestly, you should probably just dump the poor guy so he can go find someone who'll appreciate him.
I believe you’re being a bit defensive. I’m not trying to attack you, but I don’t believe the above commenter was attempting to be a jerk. If anything, the comments in this thread have agreed with him. Telling your partner “Yeah” is a simple and nearly effortless request for you.


I understand that it can be a little annoying since you have to pretend that it’s actually big, when you know it’s not, so I don’t blame you for asking for advice since you seem to want it to stop. Honestly, if I were a woman and I were in your shoes, I’d get a little annoyed too.


Have you tried asking him if you guys could just have sex without talking? That way you’re not directly asking him to stop asking you that question, but it’ll still get him to stop asking it lol
She can put herself in his situation, but it's possible she's not going to understand completel. Not everyone gets a huge ego boost or gets off from asking their partner such questions and expecting certain answers. And it's kind of weird to assume so.
I wouldn’t subscribe to this way of building relationships based on obvious lies hehe. He should be able to handle criticism. And it’s not even bad criticism either. Having an average sized dick is only to be expected. It’s the very meaning of average. 

What we all need to do is work on improving the things that we can change... bragging about the huge size of your average penis is kind of lame. 

That said he would probably have trouble getting it up after being served some truth so it might not be wise for the girl’s own interests hehe. But he himself certainly needs to stop it.
I’d agree if it was something he could change (shoot, even if he could change it). Why criticize something that might destroy someone’s  confidence? And he doesn’t need to stop; who is it hurting if he thinks it or wants to think it? That’s like telling someone who is trying to be confident about their butt, for instance, to stop because it’s not really that great of a butt (in whomever’s opinion, anyway).
"..So, do these jeans make my ass look big?"
If a relationship is ruined by simple truth of someone's penis being average size it shouldn't have existed in the first place.

Apparently people are "jerks" now because they don't lie in order to sustain people's inflated ego. Apparently they have an average penis and think it's big and now people are jerks for not lying to keep their delusions alive?

My god the standard is low.
If you had any self reflection after all that you'd start to think about how pretty much everything your SO says they like about you is a big lie but I guess the willing suspension of disbelief keeps that alive.

It's ridiculous how overinflated some egos are that self esteem is now crushed by being _average_, not being bad but being _average_ apparently people need to have their fantasies of extraordinarity endulged to keep their sanity alive now.
Would you like to be called /average/ by your partner? That you’re not special, not significant? That’s what average means. If you think it’s ok to call anything about your partner /average/, then your sense or morality is quite twisted.
If one person loves the other, there should be no need to say anything in the first place. Why should one care if the other thinks thy have a big dick? Why does that even matter? Just fucking go along with it, make them feel good about themselves.
Surprise surprise that the average penis is ... average; that's a statistical fact so a lot of people are going to have an average or below average penis.

Your "sense of morality" apparently involves lying to people about basic irrefutable facts. My god I am average or below average in many things.
Omission of facts/statistics is NOT lying.
"going along with it" in this case is either saying something and outright lying or a lie by omission.
But "This is low hanging fruit...if you can make your partner feel good in a relatively harmless way, you should do it. __Exaggerate it, even__..." is and that's what we were talking about.

And even so letting your partner belief you think they have a bigger than average penis whilst you don't is stil a lie by omission.
Man I hope no one ever has to date you.
Turns out not dating people with overinflated egos who need you as some massage bot to keep it alive works fine.

Summary:
It’s the very meaning of average.
Apparently they have an average penis and think it's big and now people are jerks for not lying to keep their delusions alive?
Would you like to be called /average/ by your partner?
"..So, do these jeans make my ass look big?"
And it’s not even bad criticism either.
__Exaggerate it, even__..." is and that's what we were talking about.
If a partner wants honesty then, yeah, I think this a totally legit question to ask.
