Original Response:
They look younger.  Nice photo.
They are forced to retire at 75. Probably so they don't become senile...
The US is the only developed country not to have term limits for the highest court.
My grandmother-in-law's uncle was one of the people that put this law in place! Charles Gonthier. :)
The US is the only developed country to not have a lot of things.
[deleted]
Right about now I'm pretty grateful for Ruth Bader Ginsburg though.
Technically Canada doesn’t either. 

We have an age limit and and a requirement that you be a practicing lawyer for  10 years. Which creates an effective term limit. 

The US have neither requirements but have legislative review of the executive nomination. 

Harper’s most rightwing appointment, who was not a judge prior to him taking office... and the singularly most controversial pick in decades.... will be on the court until 2040.

Effectively a 30 year old could meet all their requirements and serve for 45 years but the average SCC term is a decade.
Seriously, she's an important justice.
[deleted]
&gt; We have an age limit and and a requirement that you be a practicing lawyer for 10 years. Which creates an effective term limit. 

Not that I disagree with you, but just a point of order: it's anyone who's been an attorney for 10 years, or is a Superior Court judge, or has been a Superior Court judge at any point in the past.

You're still right in that lawyers generally aren't made judges until they hit 10 years, but 5 is technically still the minimum iirc. Again, I'm just being pedantic and it has nothing to do with your actual point.
Yes but to be a superior court judge you need to be a lawyer for 10 years... so that part is a distinction without a difference until they change the act. 5 is for the provincial courts iirc not the superior courts which are determined federally.
You can add a proper functioning democracy to that list too.


Edit: Thanks for the gold though I don't think I deserve it.
I suppose an age limit is not technically a term limit, true.  But least we don't have to rely on prayers for the sustained health of a quasi-senile person as the last bulwark of defence for tyranny.
They need more Santa Clauses.
Like coins for the ($)1.00? 

I mean there's a lot of other bigger things, but c'mon, grow up. There is no reason (strip clubs maybe) to still have a paper $1.00 bill. Fuck we just gt rid of the penny! Get rid of that too!
But the war on Christmas!?!
Wow! That's like you are almost sort of related.
They do have $1 coins! I'm pretty sure they only exist so you can get change from vending machines, though.
They're also the only country to have some things as well.
As hard as it is to say, objectively speaking now would be a powerful time for Trump to introduce legislation to impose a term/age limit on the USSC. It is a needed bill that would reflect well on him and his administration, and it would get rid of one of the most staunch democrats (Ginsburg) on the bench. On the other hand I myself am a (Canadian) democrat and would hate to see this happen.
Like shooting each other on a regular basis?
Don’t take my almost claim to fame from me! 😂
I don't consider it a developed country personnaly
Wouldn't just be a bill, but would have to be a full blown constitutional amendment.
Well that is only because their legislature is so fucking disfunctional, and one of their two parties so toxic. 

Canada honestly could be far, far, far, worse if we had the GOP controlling both houses and 50% of our provinces. Their problem is political not institutional. 

Yes they don’t have codified age limits nor codified requirements but they require senate consent.... which is supposed to be a far more effective check against tyranny
They do have $1 coin but aren’t very common
There are multiple $1 coins available.   
  
[US dollar coin](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dollar_coin_(United_States))
What is something that **only** the US has?
Can confirm. Got 19 of them out of a vending machine once.
monthly school shootings
[‘No Way To Prevent This,’ Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22%E2%80%98No%20Way%20To%20Prevent%20This%2C%E2%80%99%20Says%20Only%20Nation%20Where%20This%20Regularly%20Happens%22)
You have freedom! /s
I tried ordering these ghost pepper nachos but they don’t ship outside the us so there’s that
&gt; Harper’s most rightwing appointment, who was not a judge prior to him taking office... and the singularly most controversial pick in decades.... will be on the court until 2040.

Brown? [he was, albeit briefly](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russell_Brown_(judge\)#Judicial_service)
Like freedom
[how about school bombings?](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2018/08/afghanistan-huge-explosion-hits-kabul-city-180815114313817.html)
Then we're fortunate that global economic definitions aren't decided by what you personally feel, but rather statistical data and expert evaluation.
Yes however he wouldn’t have been had Harper not been in a majority...

Harper even changed the scale of recommendations from 3 to 2 (allowing him to conveniently pass over “highly qualified “ judges for merely qualified ones)
[removed]
Nah, I wouldn't say they're the only developed country that lacks that.
&gt; Effectively a 30 year old could meet all their requirements...

Well, law school usually requires an undergrad degree =&gt; 4 years of undergrad + 3 years of law school + 10 years of practice as a lawyer = 17 years.  

So unless you're Dougie Howser, LLB...I don't see how you'd be qualified for the bench at 30.
&gt; which is supposed to be a far more effective check against tyranny 

And yet, somehow isn't.
Well they're not a democracy. They're a republic.
Well, thar's yer problem.
The Senate is an insanely poorly designed body with how wildly variable in population US states are. It’s one of those things where maybe it worked back when there were thirteen colonies, but it’s completely dysfunctional in the modern day
A first amendment that guarantees robust free speech, a complete separation of church and state (even in "secular" France, tax money funds religious institutions), a globally recognized entertainment/film industry... and probably some others that I can't list off the top of my head.
Their education system is too crappy to produce students smart enough to successfully construct a bomb. The system works!
I mean, that's not exactly true. Turkey, Russia, and China, to name a few are all developed countries. They are all less democratic then the USA.
I’d hate for you to find out about Japan.   
  
India would like to have a word when it comes to film industry.
They just repost this every time it happens, and it never stops being relevant.
7 Santa Clauses, 1 Hanukkah Armadillo, and 1 Kwanzaabot.
Those aren't mutually exclusive.
errrrrrr may I remind you of a lil something called ***democratic*** people's ***republic*** of Korea???
Even Japan's supreme court has ruled that article 20 of their constitution which upholds the separation of church and state isn't absolute, read up on the Tsu City case. And I specifically mentioned "entertainment" industry as well -- no one outside South Asia can recognize Bollywood actors, where Americans celebrities are known everywhere. Michael Jackson was one of the most popular musicians in the middle east for years.
and a partridge in a pear tree.
&gt; Like coins for the ($)1.00?
&gt; 
&gt; I mean there's a lot of other bigger things, but c'mon, grow up. There is no reason (strip clubs maybe) to still have a paper $1.00 bill. Fuck we just gt rid of the penny! Get rid of that too!

Unlike Canada, where the government says fuck you we're doing X the US gov listened to the people and saw that nobody really wanted to use the $1 coin (they have one)
&gt; Like shooting each other on a regular basis?

Remember NYC is safer than Toronto, and our shootings are spread out everywhere vs just in problemed area's like most US cities
&gt; What is something that only the US has?

True market competition
This sounds like a butt hurt American.
Never stops being heartbreaking.
Republic* there super chief but correct
Well they're not a democracy. They're a ~~republic~~ oligarchy.
They're both. The two are separate categories of things. Why, do you go around repeating this?
We must hold onto and cherish Ruth Bader Ginsburg for as long as we can.
Uh, nah
[deleted]
*gasps*

St. Eleutherius of Nicomedia!
at the very least have cool monopoly money so you dont hand the cashier a fucking 1 instead of a 10.
[TFW the only way to make the US look good is to compare it to warzones or third world countries.](https://i.imgflip.com/1yiioh.jpg)
The US also still mints the penny -- which costs the American taxpayer more than $0.01 to mint.  So it's a loss.  The people aren't always worth listening to.
This is a recent photo since McLachlan is not there.
It's a major right-wing talking point, and I'm pretty sure it just boils  down to the fact one party is named the *Democrats* and the other is called the *Republicans*.
Oh for sure. If something terrible were to happen to her the US would be completely fucked... moreso.
If you want to get down into it, no, not anymore. But people assume when you say "democracy" you mean direct, majority rule democracy (which sort of recently caused a bunch of people to whine about someone not winning despite a majority vote). The kind of democracy their founders wanted nothing to do with.

It wasn't all that long ago (historically speaking) where voting wasn't something everyone could do.
That doesn't change the statistics from being true.
I could call myself the supreme queen of the universe, but it wouldn't make that true either.
Churches as tax exempt, many other countries have better freedom of expression laws, and Bollywood is well known.
[deleted]
Comcast, anyone?
Those are developing countries, not developed
The United States is the most free country in the world... developed or otherwise. We can shit talk all we want, but it's still the truth.
That's why there is a house?
He was my favorite NIMH rat.
Maybe in theory you have separation of church and state, but it sure does seem a lot of choices are being made to appease the evangelicals 

I’m actually really happy with the Canadian version of free speech too. I’m ok with disallowing hate speech.  I know we will here the argument it’s a slippery slope, but we really haven’t hit that slope yet. 

And look at how many US films are actually filmed in BC.  It’s quite astounding
Representative democracy is a form of democracy. The people you claim were "whining" were rightfully angered because their representative did not reflect the choice of the people.
&gt; What is something that only the US has?

The ability to defend themselves against a tyrannical government. But that's actually useless, because governments never become tyrannical. Right?
like the metric system
&gt; a complete separation of church and state

It's hysterical that people try and claim that as though evangelicals don't run the Republican party.
No, they aren’t.
And their choice was never part of the equation. The rules of the game were laid out ahead of time, but the ignorant masses just assume what they will.

The only right any had to be angry about was choosing electors that went against their wishes (which wouldn't have made a difference anyway).
I mean, who’ll win? A military armed with drones or a few armed guys?
The US is the most advanced third world country on earth
Oh boy, do I want to relitigate the 2016 election on a Friday night, but alas a quick look at your post history leads me to determine (on the second page!) that you're a climate change denier. I don't waste my time with cimate change deniers.
Is it, though?  My vote counts more than an American's, theirs just gets bumped up to that mysterious electoral college.
I'm not sure that's true anymore.  The Truman and especially Bush era degradations of civil rights are extreme.  When you can be incarcerated or even killed by unilateral order of the President, how free are you really?
There's loads them in Ecuador, [for some reason](https://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/americas/article138837363.html).
It is not the healthiest, safest, most educated, happiest, or per capita wealthiest country in the world. When exchanging some personal "freedoms" for safety and assurances of those things, the trade-off is easier for the rest of the world. Freedom isn't free, it has a price, and that price is the lowered well-being of society.
Good to know you can't actually argue a point.
A number of other countries recognize a right to bear arms and the problems that go with that.  Why do you think Mexico is so violent?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overview_of_gun_laws_by_nation
When you say "anymore" and you use references from the 40's and the 90's, I don't think that holds up.
Fair enough. But please, tell me, what country is the healthiest, safest, most educated, happiest, or per capita wealthiest country in the world?

That sounds like a conglomeration of 5 different countries.
On average of UN measured scores, Scandinavian countries.
Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan begs to differ
Yes they are

Source: [IMF](https://www.imf.org/~/media/Files/Publications/WEO/2017/April/pdf/tblpartb.ashx)
Freedom isn't tied to the power of your vote. US citizens are guaranteed protections against tyranny. CDNs are not.
I believe laws enacted by a simple majority (51%) over the simple minority is just oppression. But what's been happening in the least 4 years goes beyond tha.
FDR in 1930 could not lawfully order an American citizen in the USA to be killed.  Under Bush, Obama and Trump...?
&gt; Under Bush, Obama and Trump, they probably can

Funny enough, Obama was the only one to execute on that, unilaterally murdering an American citizen. What a piece of tyrannical human shit... right?
Yes, absolutely.

Obama is nothing but a slightly progressive standard American president with all the human rights violations that come with it.
NASA?
How so exactly?
If someone comes to your house with a gun tonight, (a random person, not affiliated with the govt in any way) and they point it at you, and they say "LAY ON THE FUCKING GROUND", you're going to piss your pants and do exactly as they say. That's not freedom.

In Canada, it's not even legal to have the means to defend yourself from such an instance.

REEEEE all you want, but it's true.
On paper sure, but in practice Americans live in a much worse country. I don't think Canada will ever be less free or worse off for Canadians than America currently is. I'd pick to live in this frozen popsicle any day of the week over the states.

Most importantly, we don't have to fear that we'll lose our lives at any second because of some lunatics. People here are much more reasonable and aren't as aggressive. Our environment that we grew up in is much more supportive. Our schools are better. By respecting each other's  right to life, we are already more free.

We're not as gung-ho as they are. 

We can debate each other more freely. 

We have multiple political parties, which ensures that power isn't overly concentrated.

We have the French-canadians, which provide us with a balance. They have much different views on workers' rights, individual rights, etc. This prevents us from engaging in massive group think.

So, in my opinion, while Americans have some rights enshrined on paper, they don't actually utilize those rights very well. They don't have real life applications of those rights in action. They vehemently defend their right to guns, free speech, etc, but they don't actually have any decent regulations in place to protect their health, safety, education, etc. 

Canada is aeons ahead, and we still have room for improvement.
&gt; a slightly progressive standard American president

Slightly progressive? Killing and spying on your own citizens is "slightly progressive"? Odd, I never would have called it that.
I'm not Canadian, but what does that have to do with tyrrany? Doesn't tyrrany usually specifically refer to people affiliated with the govt in some way? Is the US a tyrrany because of all the school kids pissing their pants when there's a school shooting?
No they aren’t, not really.  The US used it’s status and influence to make the definition exclude it countries it viewed as a threat-Japan, Russia, China etc.  obscure reasons like “not being in debt” and “women not highly represented as executives”
Given how crazy the religious right is, imagine an America without a First Amendment.  You'd have mandatory prayer in class in the south and it'd require a priest's blessing to get married.  

The First Amendment serves America very well, all things considered.
Well, I said "not affiliated with the govt in any way" simply because Canadians are so programed to do whatever their told, if I mentioned a scenario where someone comes to your house with a gun, most people would automatically say "If someone is coming to my house with a gun it's the RCMP, and that's ok!! Please, enter!!" 

Make no mistake, my scenario applies to law enforcement too. When the govt comes for Americans, whether a smart tactical move or not, the American citizen has the legal right, and ABILITY to defend themselves from that potentially tyrannical situation.  

Let's put it this way... what if the govt decided they were going to take your kids away from you and put them in a special school that would re-program them in a way the govt liked... and you had no say and you would never see them again? Would you be ok with that? No, you wouldn't. But guess what... you could do fuck all about it. How free is that?


EDIT: It just occurred to me that you said you're not Canadian, so you probaly have no idea what I'm referring to when I conjure the horrifying child snatching scenario. Little do you know... this shit actually happened in Canada in our lifetime.
&gt; No, they aren’t.

jesus. that's a fucking thing for debate now? they are fucking light years behind any western functioning democracy. developing is putting it mildly. Russia is anything but developing.
As free? Sure. Most free? That ignores a whole lot of other countries.
Policy is defined by more than one narrow action.  Compared to Bush or Trump, Obama is easily defined as sightly progressive.
Am Jewish, can confirm Hanukkah Armadillo is canon
&gt; I don't think Canada will ever be less free or worse off for Canadians than America currently is

It's literally written into the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms... we are 100%, indisputably **LESS** free than Americans. It's the law of the land, and something you drink up ignorantly and willingly. You can "_feel_" as free as you want, but it doesn't make it true.

You are simply not very well informed on this matter, that much is clear.  

You are right to use the caveat "in my opinion", because that's all it is. An opinion that is objectively wrong. 


EDIT: reading your statement in more detail, I have to ask you about this. "people here are much more reasonable and aren't as aggressive". 


Where do you come up with that? Did you just make it up? Or did you look at crime statistics? Are you just basing that statement on how you **feel**? Can you provide some evidence that Americans are more "aggressive" than Canadians?
Isn't it mostly based on HDI? (Which only looks at income, education and life expectancy)

Japan has probably always been considered a developed country and certainly hasn't been any threat to the US at any point since WW2 . Do you have any source for the US using it's status and influence to exclude countries or did you just pull that out of your ass?
Are you forgetting Mr. McVeigh?

To be fair, once you adjust for demographics, the US system is actually better than those of many other nations: https://isteve.blogspot.com/2013/12/overall-pisa-rankings-include-america.html?m=1

For example, Asians in Murica are smarter than the people in all other western nations
Please, elaborate. I'm only basing my statement on what's written in the US Constitution. Maybe you have a document from another country that contradicts me. Would love for you to share.
"Easily" defined as slightly progressive? If it's so easy, please explain how the only president to turn federal powers against his own people to spy on them is more progressive than those presidents that *didn't* do that. Seriously, maybe I'm missing something.
And happier
you’d do best to leave the last presidential election out of this. gerrymandered electoral college boundaries were unlikely what their founders wanted anything to do with either. especially if they knew how land ownership was increasingly difficult, becoming an opportunity heavily favoring the wealthy, and held in families for generations.
A lot of countries that don't elect judges have judges serving for life to protect their independence
Well gee whiz, if it's written on paper that MUST mean that everyone respects the law to the word. It's definitely impossible for someone to not follow the law.

It's interesting, because North Korea literally says in its constitution that "Citizens are guaranteed freedom of speech, of the press, of assembly, demonstration and association. The State shall guarantee conditions for the free activity of democratic political parties and social organizations." So if North Korea wrote that, they must have lots of freedoms there. Well, the fact of the matter is that the way the law is carried out is just as important.

Americans may have written down some freedoms, but you're definitely less free and valuable there than you are here. You have to be realistic. They defend their rights but they don't exercise them very well. Sure, they can defend themselves, etc. But what about your right to life? To liberty? With so much violence and the highest rate of incarceration in the developed world... Their words are meaningless junk when the execution is junk. Garbage in, garbage out.
You can't even own a machine gun without a licence in the US, you need to move to Africa for that kind of freeeeedom!
Our flag on the moon
The whole "more/less developed" nation thing was created in response to the phrase "third world country" existing. It's a rubbish classification that yes, largely looks at HDI but it you consider the HDI of Russia, China, and Hungary relevant to a discussion about legal systems and democracy you're the reason said discussion is so shit. (not you specifically)
Sure. How many homicides did Canada have and how many did America have? What's the homicide rate? 

Here, from 2015: https://globalnews.ca/news/2378037/gun-violence-by-the-numbers-how-america-canada-and-the-world-compare/

Also, schooling and the general mentality of the public where someone is raised plays a giant role. Americans unfortunately have a terrible public school system. It's every person for themselves there with low community cohesion. There are lots of poor environments for kids to grow up there.
Most of which also applied to the next most recent election they had, too. A lot less whining about it back then, though.
Tarrifs??
[deleted]
Plenty of countries have space agencies, they're just not called "NASA".
He wasn't the only president to do that?

Also, like I said you can't just ignore the entire rest of his policies.
True freedom of speech.
You're actually going to use crime statistics in a non-ironic way? Really? Do you realize just how racist that is? I know you're not actually racist, rather, just ignorant... but do you know racially skewed those stats are? Do you realize they target almost exclusively African American communities? 

You probably didn't realize that. Now you do. Get off your high horse, white guy.
Crime on average is falling across the board. compare it to London or Chicago which both have extensive gun laws where they are practically banned which see crime continue to rise. Look at Londons stabbings continue to rise.
Freedom is not on that list.
He's the only president to admit to doing it. That should speak volumes. 

So if you are going to counter with "well, the others did it, but they didn't admit to it", then I will counter with... if Obama was willing to admit to his spying, what exactly did he do that he WASN'T willing to admit to? Or do you think he's special?
Lol this is so untrue
It takes guts to be a stripper in Canada; you just get pelted by loonies all night.
That's my point you idiot. The country is so fucked that they literally have ghettos where black or Hispanic or poor people are forced to live. They have to attend shittier schools and engage in violence. How is that any more free than Canada? At least here if you go to public school you're safe and you're not relegated to being a second class citizen. Like I said, the right to life is respected much better in Canada. People don't need to fear for their lives. 

And while I'm white, I'm not a moron like you. Rara america is free, but then you admit that it's a hellhole when I provide you with an article about the insane violence. You're more likely to be shot there THAN TO DIE IN A CAR ACCIDENT IN CANADA. How incredibly sad and unsafe that country is.
Isn't RBG like 82?
And it would hardly be the political climate in which to introduce it. Even if, objectively a good idea, to do it now would mean even more political chaos.
And half a dozen ranchers in Oregon
We already abolished slavery.
[deleted]
To be fair that would mean ginsburg would be out and shes trying her absolute hardest to make sure she lives can do her duties past his term
[deleted]
It's because gerrymandering and state lines are drawn in such a way that the average republican vote is worth more than an average democratic vote. It's a rationalization.
You can add Australia to the list.

Effectively run by Murdoch...
What do you mean the majority rules... wait a minute
&gt; hes trying her absolute hardest to make sure she lives 

Exactly.  Something this important shouldn't rely on the health of a 80+ year old.
Smart enough that you are using an American Web site instead of a Canadian equivalent.
Huh
&gt; Remember NYC is safer than Toronto

NYC has a murder rate about 5x that of Toronto.
If you claim there is moral equivalency between Russia and the USA, then you are irrational and biased. Do you think that the Russian government would allow the criticism and free exchange of ideas and dissent that exists in the USA? Also, I know gay people in Russia and expatriates that would take exception to your argument that the USA is economically, culturally or politically similar to Russia in any way. To me, you sound like the asshole.
They aren't the only ones. Look at Japan's ridiculously gerrymandered elections that make it really hard for anyone other than the LDP to win. Or Italy, whose politics is so corrupt their longest-serving modern PM is Silvio Berlusconi (a guy who was basically the Trump of 10 years ago and eventually lost his seat due to tax fraud). Or Singapore, where elections are a formality and it's a *de facto* one party state.
Even the libertarian/pro-small-government Fraser Institute [thinks Canada is "more free"](https://www.fraserinstitute.org/studies/human-freedom-index-2017) than the United States. So are a lot of European countries. The US is ranked 17th.
False. A quick Google search gives you their ages and RBG  is 85 so there's that.
That was not in the Rugrats Hanukkah special!!
Remember that a particular voting system is only flawed beyond value when it's the people you don't like who get in.
Ours get bumped to an MP using the same counting method, so we literally have few grounds to feel better (save for the population per rep statistic, but that's more due to population)

Gerrymandering is worse down south, but at least they vote for their Executive branch and upper house. All in all, both systems are flawed and for one major reason: FPTP voting.
That's how photographs work
Sounds like a great idea for a Marvel series. Origin series involving Father Christmas and his fight to save democracy.
Do you not take in to account other factors that would impact how a nation-state develops? Population size; history of war and sectarian violence; geographic factors; socio-political history: even (dare I say) ethnolingustic and religious homogency; and so on?

The US, as with Canada, Sweden, Botswana, Russia, Japan, and whoever else, are products of their long and complex and deeply unjust histories. Such is society. The US was a revolutionary state that also laid the ideological groundwork for some of the most important geopolitical events to come, including the French Revolution. Part of that groundbreaking story is the scar of slavery. Part of it is firearms ownership. Part is a much more aggressive protection of speech rights than most other states.

Its easy to stand from the outside and yell "hey you're doing things wrong look at how much better those guys and we are at this than you!" but it's arrogant and doesn't take into account the countless political, ideological, and historical factors at play. After all, we don't take it too kindly whenever an American misrepresents or oversimplifies our health care system, as an example.
And there's a good reason for that
So the implication here is that only atheists should be in office?
Reminds me of [this](https://i.redd.it/vdnqtrqs4am01.jpg) picture.

I'm mostly indifferent about their system. It works as it was designed to, but it's got some serious flaws to it for the modern world. And it's probably not going to change without a violent revolution, so unlikely any time soon.
if anything Russia is regressing
Do you always answer the door with gun in hand?  Unless your gun is in hand exactly when your bogeyman magically appears, it's completely useless to you as anything other than a toy.
Australia doesn't have that either, by the time we're ready to kick a PM out someone else has taken the job
Jesus dude. Who hurt you?
because a few million dudes with beer bellies and ar-15s are a match for the full might of the United States military. lol. 

this isn't the 1700s anymore where everyone is just waving around a bayonet. both sides are not created equal. 

hell, you guys are under said tyrannical government right now and no one is exercising their 2A rights because of it.
What's your metric for "safe"
Yet it is the most powerful country in history.
&gt;because a few million dudes with beer bellies and ar-15s are a match for the full might of the United States military. lol.

Remember Vietnam? Either way, the only thing that needs to happen is for the general populace to be a threat to the government to keep it in check.
&gt;  Why do you think Mexico is so violent?

Mexico is violent because of gang and cartel violence, not because of the existence of guns.
The US is not and has never been a democracy. It is a federal republic and a constitutional representative democracy.
Yeah can you imagine if congress passed a law with the result of letting Trump to pick more supremes.

People would have aneurysms.
Republic has democratic values, but it is not a democracy. The US, at best, is a constitutional representative democracy. Not a "democracy".
That's not a fair comparison.

You're comparing the averages of entire countries to specific racial demographics in the US.

If you take the average, the US performs worse than most Western nations.
The location of the server hosting the sites I use has no bearing on the quality of your education system.
&gt;Representative democracy is a form of democracy. 

It is different in nature. The US cannot be accurately described as a "democracy"
None of you will ever rise up.

It's a fantasy.
&gt;They're both. 

The US is NOT a "democracy". Calling the US a "democracy" is vague at best, or plain wrong. It is a constitutional representative democracy and a federal republic.
Yeah that's working out great for you isn't it?

Your government is currently trying to rush through a lifetime nomination to the supreme court, ignoring allegations of sexual assaults and perjury to further the interests of one party.

Americans love to harp on about how free they are to "keep the guhbment in check" but it simply never has and never will happen. It will forever be a pipe dream that keeps you happy and leads to hundreds of thousands of uneccessary deaths.
Fucking hell the mental gymnastics.
&gt;It's a major right-wing talking point

What? No it isnt.  "Small government" is a major right wing talking point. Correctly describing the US system is a matter of fact, not allegiance to certain values.
Of course not. But  religious extremists who try and enact policy based on their religious beliefs certainly should not.
Incorrect.

There's several national flags on the moon. Japan, China, Russia, India, and one representing Europe.
Awwwwww did he hit a nerve?
Freedom of speech is not constitutionally protected in MANY first world countries. For example, the UK doesnt have any laws that protect free speech, yet free speech is critical for democracy to take place.

Another problem is that many countries are adding "hate speech" as an exception to existing free speech protections, the definitions are broad enough that "hate speech" could be anything. 

Meanwhile, free speech is a constitutional protection in the US.
Give it enough time and Trump will bomb a random country cause the media told him that's where Santa is.
[deleted]
Hasn't helped them much has it?
A lot of the US political rules, like ours, are effective only if politicians are reasonable people working for some version of the public good.  I mean, the Founding Fathers didn't predict the modern Republican party just like Mulroney et al didn't predict a Premier using the NWC to govern a province by fiat.
... which he absolutely thrives on.  He'd get the full backing of most Republicans too.  It just wouldn't work and would set Americans further at each other's throats.
\&gt;Your government is currently trying to rush through a lifetime nomination to the supreme court, ignoring allegations of sexual assaults and perjury to further the interests of one party.

You dont know what you are talking about. No one is trying to rush anything, the nomination was taking place AS SCHEDULED. Today it got delayed one week because the republican party conceded. 

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt; ignoring allegations of sexual assaults and perjury to further the interests of one party. 

The incident took place several decades ago. Kevanaugh has been a high ranking judge for a while and his allegations never came up. Have you even looked into the allegations? Witnesses have contradicted themselves.They have NOTHING. Suddenly she shows up two months before he is nominated and you think this has NOTHING to do with the democratic party trying to delay the vote?? Dont be so naive. Better yet, dont condescend when you dont know jack shit of what you are talking about. 

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt; Americans love to harp on about how free they are to "keep the guhbment in check" but it simply never has and never will happen. 

Again, you dont know what you are talking about. The Bundy Ranch Standoff is a recent example where a group of armed civilians successfully got a government agency to back off. Another reason these engagements are not frequent is that the justice system in the US works. 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
Because the left lost? Fuck you.
Are you dense? Ideas. IP. Sites are more than their hardware. The USA has an amazing system of universities. American business leaders and entrepreneurs are usually produced by that system. You can ignore it, but these are facts. You can try to diminish the educational system of the USA and its people, but that's a reflection of you- not us.
How is Canada less free than the US?
I find it weird that, some,  Americans circlejerk about their army being the best ever but also believing they could take on said army.
Literally worst country on earth.
The fact you think that everyone in the US having a gun makes you more free is so fucking funny that I really wish you could appreciate it.

&gt; they point it at you, and they say "LAY ON THE FUCKING GROUND",

This happens in Canada a tiny fraction of the amount per capita that it does in the states, so Canadians have the freedom to live their lives and Americans get their doors kicked in with guns stuck in their face and piss their pants and get shot in globally insane numbers per capita.

REEEEE all you want, but it's true.
&gt; simply because Canadians are so programed to do whatever their told

The lengths people will go to to try and justify America's gun violence problems is so sad.
&gt; It's literally written into the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms... we are 100%, indisputably **LESS** free than Americans

Quote where it says in the CCRF that we're less free than Americans or for the love of God finally just shut the fuck up, all you do is call people out on ignorance and you haven't posted one source or statistic to anything you've said.
Human rights tribunal
&gt; But people assume when you say "democracy" you mean direct, majority rule democracy 

Literally no one thinks this except for pedantic people on Reddit
How else do you pay them? That brown slot in the back is definitely not a payment slot, the black eye I have can say that for sure
I'm just tryna make it hail
Singapore, Qatar, UAE, Hungary, Hong Kong(if you count that).
To be fair, they’re a republic.
Developing/ developed are based on per capita measurements. China is not as wealthy as the US when you consider all it's per capita wealth. Russia and China have very powerful armies. Just in terms of GDP per capita they are not that wealthy.
[removed]
To be fair, it would have meant that Kennedy, Breyer and Ginsburg would have had to retire during Obama term, we wouldn't be here if that had happened.
To be fair, you’re both arguably kleptocracies. 

Citizens United lol.
A man on the moon.  Oh and global dominance.
Australia just has a nasty habit of losing their politicians to various things. Maybe keep them on a leash, make sure to bring them inside before dark?
The UK has similar issues.
[removed]
Welcome to Canada, the topic is about Canadian Judges.
Canadian judges have to retire at 75, which is the topic of this  thread
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
They don't have a nonwistanding clause either
Which isn't really relevant for appointment of Supreme Court justices since it's only a Senate approval.
My bad, didn't notice the subreddit. 

I'm not from North America at all.
Yeah my bad, I didn't notice the subreddit.
Sure, sure, because Canada has far more freedom than America... sure
- get rid of the penny, and the nickel
- drop a digit off the end of most prices ($1.99 becomes $1.9 or $2) 
- stop printing the dollar bill, and have banks pull them from circulation.
- print a new dollar coin that is not the same size and weight of a "Carter quarter". As much as I like the Sacagawea coin, the public has rejected that form factor because it's too close to the size of the existing quarter. This shouldn't have taken ~~us~~ Congress 39 years to figure out.
&gt; A first amendment that guarantees robust free speech

Considering their president attacks the press and citizens, it doesn’t mean much.

Also that free speech gave them citizens united which is one of the most corruptive forces in US politics

&gt;a complete separation of church and state

Not even close
It's not like FPTP works either
&gt; The First Amendment serves America very well, all things considered.

Not now that money is considered speech
$1 bills are the best part of being American! They sit nicely in your wallet and they don’t jingle.
Taking one outlier in a case to compare with all instances of another case makes the data say true but impertinent information to the task at hand.

"Asians in America on average are better at school than people studying in the European Union"

They are not receiving the same education, there are not the same hurdles, the same factors into account.
R/Canada gets a lot of attention from US rw subs
Just for comparison Russia has approximately the same size economy as we do in Canada, but their country has a population of 144 million to our 35 million. Which means the average Russian earns less than a quarter what the average Canadian does.
Sacagawea-nie
They have a bigger military budget than the rest of the world combined!
The founding fathers didn’t predict political parties *at all*. That’s why they originally made the Vice President the runner-up to the Presidency.
Are you here literally just to be a contrarian? You are objectively wrong across the board here. Guessing by your username you're just here to troll
We won those wars, we just weren't able to efficiently occupy a country indefinitely.
Subtle Mitch reference, I like it.
Eh, I don't want Trump to appoint another nominee, but she's clearly starting to slip mentally. She already does that old person thing where she falls asleep in public, and she's allegedly done it on the bench.
I don't see the problem with life appointees. Federal judges were meant to be immunized from the political process, and appointing new judges to the bench already wastes so much time. Congress can't even agree to fill the vacancies currently present, I'd hate to see them have to fill them even more frequently.
...wh-what?
The other guy said lawyer, but you used the word attorney. Is there a difference between the two terms?
You only need 2 years of college to qualify for law school in English provinces ( you actually don’t even need two years, just the equivalent in credits...people finish their degrees to be competitive). In Québec you go into law school straight out of CÉGEP. You may however skip cégep entirely. You don’t need a high school diploma or cégep to enter university just the grades corresponding with their program.

So you could in all possibilities without any rule changes graduate from a civil law school at 20 qualify at 30. Outside Quebec the earliest would be 21 or 22 but that’s just due to the credits, through IB and other equivalencies you probably could get a lot of credits out of the way early 

So yeah you would be tight on time lines but 20 would be the earliest someone could theoretically become a lawyer in Canada.
Yes but it was Jefferson who changed that and Adams founded the first party alongside Hamilton. So they only didn’t predict their own actions
There is a difference between them (attorneys represent clients in court while lawyers give legal advice) but I was just using them to mean the same thing. In Canada when you're called to the bar you get both your solicitor (lawyer)'s licence and your barrister (attorney)'s licence, so in Canada at least, all lawyers are attorneys and all attorneys are lawyers.
They created Santa Claus during the civil war. It'd be interesting to see whether the Supreme Court traditional costumes predate or postdate the modern Santa costume.
I find it so weird how they call it 'the highest court in the land' like dude, it's not the middle ages anymore
There are a number of developed countries that haven't got a functioning democracy (atm?).

Belgium comes to mind, as does the UK.
Can we just take the US off the developed countries list till they get their shit together??
Don't forget healthcare! And fucked gun laws! And..hmm..I'm sure I'm missing a lot of other things.
"Hydra's in Parliament. Time to bring the ho-ho-ho-house down!"
"The North Pole is a **very** bad place, people."
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
Whatever makes you feel better about the state of your country.
Good to know the Netherlands isn't developed.
True but they are always championing their own freedom and democracy in other countries so it's the hypocrisy which gets me. PATRIOT act? Are you kidding me?
How?
Almost  - the First-past-the-post system has given a single party unchecked power with only 35% of the vote..  

There's an appetite for electoral reform though and prop. rep.may be in our future..
Good higher education.

Oxford and Cambridge may be good, but the rest of the top 10 universities in the world bring to the likes of Harvard, Stanford, and MIT.
*Mission Accomplished*   
  
Let’s declare victory over the ones we’ve killed and call it a day, Murica!
No you aren’t. After shown the one thing is wrong. You are just going to the next thing in the list to be angry about. You won’t care if that’s wrong either.
It's much harder to kill a whole bunch of people with a knife than a gun.
Hey, it's great if you're at the top!
McVeigh was a highschool student when he carried out the bombings?
Fair enough then, but im sure there is times they would have to retire under conservative presidents as well
look like a Loony too.
&gt; What's your metric for "safe"

Less homicides? Or hell, just knowing if you're out of the ghetto you'll basically never get attacked unlike here were it's spread out in the city
&gt; NYC has a murder rate about 5x that of Toronto.

Don't let facts get in your way :)

https://www.blogto.com/city/2018/06/toronto-homicide-rate-now-higher-new-york/
&gt; Tarrifs??

Lets discredit hundreds of years of progress because one asshat wants his way
&gt; Comcast, anyone?

Comcast, isn't a bank or a major phone provider unlike Rogers...
&gt; That doesn't change the statistics from being true.

We have a higher homicide rate this year...
&gt; The people aren't always worth listening to.

It's literally the peoples money though! If they want the penny overall then so be it, despite it not making that much sense
&gt; Uh, nah

LOL Mobile data is literally free in the USA (freedom pop) yet the most upvoted shit on reddit was the bread price fixing, gas going up on long weekends here, and phone bills being too high!


It's great to love your country but don't fucking let it get in the way of reality
I won't argue with that.
I love how Canada does its rights analysis. First, they define the right as liberally as possible.  Second, they ask whether a gov action breached that right.  Third, there is a huge analysis that the gov must establish that the intrusion is justified in a democracy. 

So for hate speech, it is protected by the right to expression, but banning is is justifiable, minimally impairing, rationally connects to its objective, etc. 

The US analysis is much more wierd, lol.
Important observation.
Top of what?

Gun deaths?

Population in prison?

Military spending?

Weapon exports?

Income inequality?

Infant first-day mortality rate? (For developed countries)
I'm gonna need to see some official data for that.
How does this disprove my point? Should we ban cars now to since that's ridiculously easy to kill lots of people with
He said that it's poorly designed because it doesn't represent the people. The Senate and the House have different powers. The whole point was that each state governs themselves mostly but the Federal government has grown much larger than it ever should have.
Backatcha.
To some that might sound fair, but it doesn't make it true. Name a country and there will be criticism. Sort out your affairs and let us sort out ours.
We’d appreciate it dude. Stop shitting on our side of the fence with your unfair trade practices. Stop slandering and lying about our prime minister. Don’t call us a national security risk unless you mean it. 

The United States complaining about Canada taking an interest in your politics. Latin America can’t believe your hypocrisy. 

You’re in the Canada subreddit. You’re going to hear what Canadians think. There are no American moderators to shield you from our comments, and no Fox News to obscure the truth.
You make broad generalizations about a country that is not monolithic in any sense of the word. Stop having a chip on your shoulder because your country happens to border the USA. The argument could be made that your country's security, relative peaceful existence and economic prosperity has more to do with the policies of the USA and geography than any other factors. As for Latin America- they can speak for themselves. 

As for trade policies, many, if not most of us do not support the current Administration and have been working diligently and unceasingly for over two years to shout down and vote out the worst voices in our imperfect union.

It might make you feel warm and fuzzy to join the bandwagon criticizing the American republic, but as Canada, our health directly affects yours. It always will. So, you better hope that we get our shit together, and fast.
Broad generalizations?

Did your president not lie and slander our prime minister?

Did your president not impose illegal tariffs on our country, ostensibly for “National Security”?

You claim our safety and economic prosperity are the result of America’s policies. You’re mostly correct, which is why Canadians are outraged that your president is dismantling the institutions that created that prosperity, namely NATO, NAFTA, the WTO, and the United Nations. 

We do hope you get your shit together. Don’t expect us to sit silently while you struggle to do so.
Pretty much every statistic supports my side, but whatever you say bud.
are you suggesting obama won because of gerrymandering?

their electoral college system has gigantic flaws, but no honest person could claim obama benefitted from it. he won in such drastic majority in areas
Trump is a flash in the pan, the last gasp of a political party in decline. American commitments to its allies and its responsibilities to NATO, long-term, are not in doubt. POTUS, regardless of everyone's hysterics, is not emperor. And, if polling holds through for several more weeks, a Democratic HoR will cut Trump off at the knees. 

As for criticism, feel free. We can fight more than one foe at a time.
I respect your honesty at clearly being a foe of US interests. It is important to know that a user has chosen a "side".
&gt; Puts in a $20 bill for a train ticket

&gt; Gets 10 dollar coins back that pretty much no businesses accept 

Oh gee whiz, Caltrain, thanks a bunch for your useless metal tokens!
I meant side of the argument, moron.

We're not at fucking war, you spanner. Our governments are strong allies.
Lord. I am just pulling your chain. Stop. It's okay.
&gt;you spanner

That didn't tip you off that I'm also not taking this particularly seriously?
That's good. I hardly venture out of certain subs as much as one should, so, honestly, it *is* a little challenging seeing so much criticism about the States. But, it's a good habit. It's like criticizing your Mom. I can do it, but God forbid if someone else does. Americans so earnestly want to be liked afterall.
Eyy, it's cool man.

I'm from the UK and I'm often the same when I hear criticism of my country. All of our countries have their problems and their strengths, as much as I rag on the US they do a lot of things very well and you just can't ignore the contributions you've given to the world.
&gt; Edit: Thanks for the gold though I don't think I deserve it.

Agreed. Certainly not for that garbage comment.
Yeah. It's all good. I am planning a year-long trip for 2020 around the world so maybe I will visit your kingdom again. Can't decide. Anyway- Australians, the British, Canadians and Americans need to all hang together instead of being hanged separately. You know. Cheers.
Visit Wales if you get the chance, it's lovely here :)
False. It took me 2 seconds to Google to find that Toronto has fewer homicides per capita than NYC. [Source](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crime_in_Toronto)

Normally I leave things at that but in this case, it was so easy to find just basic stats on this..... There were many others sources. It's like you wanted something to be true, did no research, and claimed it to be fact.

Also, there is no such thing as "the ghetto".
i meant if you're super rich, at the top of the massive amount of inequality.
&gt; Toronto has fewer homicides per capita than NYC

I'm using overall rate


&gt;Also, there is no such thing as "the ghetto".


Areas, with statistically higher crime (to a significant degree)
&gt; I'm gonna need to see some official data for that.

https://www.blogto.com/city/2018/06/toronto-homicide-rate-now-higher-new-york/
They are uncompetitive, like Rogers.
&gt; They are uncompetitive, like Rogers.

How does one compete in a monopoly? You literally have no other options for high speed in most of their areas....
That was the point. They have established monopolies and are therefore non-competitive.
Your point is entirely irrelevant to what I posted. You don't see mass vehicle rammings. You *do* see mass shootings frequently in the US.
It seems it's been a pretty bad year in Toronto. Funnily enough, most of the firearms used in Canadian crime are from the U.S.
Vehicles kill more people then guns do. Vehihckes are used to attack people, Charlottetown being a good example.
&gt; They have established monopolies and are therefore non-competitive.

EVERY FUCKING CABLE COMPANY in the continent has a monopoly!


You're just showing how clueless you are. You can't have 2 cable companies serve the same house otherwise NEITHER would make a profit.
The vast, vast majority of deaths due to vehicles are unintentional accidents, whether from poor conditions, DUI, stupid drivers, stupid pedestrians, etc. Vehicles are primarily manufactured as a means of transport, and serve a variety of functions on different jobsites. Firearms were created for the sole purpose of killing things more efficiently than anything else, and are used to kill things and act as a deterrent. You noted that in the UK crime, particularly stabbings, are going up? Well, in the US you can [just go buy a handgun and go shoot someone](https://www.statista.com/statistics/195325/murder-victims-in-the-us-by-weapon-used/), which is much easier and effective than trying to stab them. How, you ask? In the US, there are at very least [almost as many guns as there are people](https://www.politifact.com/wisconsin/statements/2018/feb/20/kevin-nicholson/which-higher-number-people-or-number-guns-america/), and that's assuming they all get counted. 

Did you mean Charlottesville? Yes, that was a vehicle attack, and an isolated case.
I hear those slay bells ringing....
I do both like and hate that their constitution is basically immutable. They have the strongest free speech protections in the world for that reason. Though the second amendment has clearly caused issues and the constitution has not presented much of a barrier to infringements of the fourth amendment so maybe their USSC judges are just big fans of free speech.
Italy seems to be a victim not just of corruption, which is still a major problem, especially in the south (and surprisingly less so in Sicily than Calabria), but also having too many parties and a complicated system of government. On top of that they may have the most inefficient bureaucracy in Europe.
The difference in overall rate is even greater! Using the same source, to has had around 70 murders per year in the past few years while NY is around 330.

So again, it doesn't look like you had looked at any data before posting
But while Aussie politicians are kept so busy backstabbing each other they haven't got time to mess up anything else.

Australia now holds the world record of 27 consecutive years of growth. Coincidence? I think not.
Yes they are, and that is a real problem.

Other parts of the world benefit greatly from competition, which is when two or more companies offer to provide a service in a given area.
No you cannot, the fact you think so is because every media says so. The only places that don't require background checks are gun shows and if your trying to buy a gun that way you could probably buy one from a criminal just as easy. If you have any sort of criminal record your flagged. Hell this article cites needing no waiting period.

https://www.google.ca/amp/s/amp.businessinsider.com/how-to-buy-a-gun-2017-10

Yet there is a 3 day waiting period. As well can you answer my question. Why. Is crime going down? And if you go by stats guns are used in self defense far more then they are used to murder people.

The number of guns has no point in this conversation. You don't see every person with a gun trying to sell there's. In fact that has no factor on buying at all. 

should we have a iq test for drivers now?
Jesus nowhere in the world had 2 cable cos.

Are you seriously that clueless? The only real difference is Canada and the US are so big that you're going to have issues with density
I'm looking at overall for THIS YEAR. we've been getting worse lately and there is nothing to say we will be less dangerous next year
I'm looking at overall for THIS YEAR. we've been getting worse lately and there is nothing to say we will be less dangerous next year
Mexico may have a right to arms, but it restricts it so much that it is practically banned. Many countries, including canada, that dont have a right to guns are way easier to own guns in, much less is banned.
I'm including this year. 79 in to as of aug30. NY: 147 as of June 30.
Yes they did, it was pretty common to have two or more.

That is a non-issue. Case in point being Australia. What makes us different from Australia is the complete and utter lack of competition.
University of Toronto Associate Professor of Criminology Scot Wortley, an expert in crime statistics, says that, based on an estimated population of 2.93 million, Toronto has a current crime rate of 1.67 per 100,000 people.

New York City, which has an estimated population of 8.62 million, had seen 130 homicides at the same point, according to the NYPD's CompStat crime data portal.

Wortley says this would put New York's homicide rate at 1.51 per 100,000 people.
&gt; Yes they did, it was pretty common to have two or more.

Jesus you are really dumb. 

The difference being Australia has a government OWNED network, you'll will only have the option of "one" wire coming into your house! The wire itself is owned by the gov and the cable companies rent it out.


You're not going to have Rogers and Cogeco and Shaw send 3 wires into each persons house!
Funnily enough both Telus and Shaw have different cables going into my house, albeit due to a fuckup.

And the limiting factor here is not the end connection, but literally everything else.

That being said, I am now sure you comprehend none of what I am saying. So I will stop treating you like a person.

Summary:
The US is the only developed country to not have a lot of things.
The US is not and has never been a democracy.
The US is NOT a "democracy".
How is Canada less free than the US?
&gt; What is something that only the US has?
How is that any more free than Canada?
I mean, that's not exactly true.
They're also the only country to have some things as well.
What is something that **only** the US has?
They aren't the only ones.
The US, at best, is a constitutional representative democracy.
That's why there is a house?
Like I said, the right to life is respected much better in Canada.
The United States is the most free country in the world... developed or otherwise.
The US is the only developed country not to have term limits for the highest court.
You dont know what you are talking about.
I don't think Canada will ever be less free or worse off for Canadians than America currently is.
&gt; Like coins for the ($)1.00?
Well they're not a democracy.
&gt; That doesn't change the statistics from being true.
You can "_feel_" as free as you want, but it doesn't make it true.
I love how Canada does its rights analysis.
I'm not sure that's true anymore.
That ignores a whole lot of other countries.
Freedom of speech is not constitutionally protected in MANY first world countries.
&gt; The First Amendment serves America very well, all things considered.
I don't consider it a developed country personnaly.
It's literally the peoples money though!
But what about your right to life?
That doesn't change the statistics from being true.
And there's a good reason for that.
You can ignore it, but these are facts.
They defend their rights but they don't exercise them very well.
Part is a much more aggressive protection of speech rights than most other states.
Those are developing countries, not developed.
The First Amendment serves America very well, all things considered.
They are all less democratic then the USA.
Whatever makes you feel better about the state of your country.
Get rid of that too!
Vehicles kill more people then guns do.
It is a federal republic and a constitutional representative democracy.
It is a constitutional representative democracy and a federal republic.
I'm looking at overall for THIS YEAR.
On paper sure, but in practice Americans live in a much worse country.
that's a fucking thing for debate now?
On the other hand I myself am a (Canadian) democrat and would hate to see this happen.
People here are much more reasonable and aren't as aggressive.
"people here are much more reasonable and aren't as aggressive".
The fact you think that everyone in the US having a gun makes you more free is so fucking funny that I really wish you could appreciate it.
Like coins for the ($)1.00?
You can try to diminish the educational system of the USA and its people, but that's a reflection of you- not us.
Fuck we just gt rid of the penny!
Russia is anything but developing.
It's great to love your country but don't fucking let it get in the way of reality.
&gt; a slightly progressive standard American president

Slightly progressive?
The Senate and the House have different powers.
Sure, sure, because Canada has far more freedom than America... sure.
Meanwhile, free speech is a constitutional protection in the US.
So are a lot of European countries.
&gt; They are uncompetitive, like Rogers.
If you want to get down into it, no, not anymore.
The United States complaining about Canada taking an interest in your politics.
Nah, I wouldn't say they're the only developed country that lacks that.
People don't need to fear for their lives.
&gt; We have an age limit and and a requirement that you be a practicing lawyer for 10 years.
&gt; The people aren't always worth listening to.
They do have $1 coins!
It's not like FPTP works either.
You don't see every person with a gun trying to sell there's.
Name a country and there will be criticism.
So I will stop treating you like a person.
They have the strongest free speech protections in the world for that reason.
A lot of the US political rules, like ours, are effective only if politicians are reasonable people working for some version of the public good.
As for criticism, feel free.
Don't let facts get in your way :)

https://www.blogto.com/city/2018/06/toronto-homicide-rate-now-higher-new-york/
Also, like I said you can't just ignore the entire rest of his policies.
I'm not Canadian, but what does that have to do with tyrrany?
Freedom is not on that list.
I don't see the problem with life appointees.
Odd, I never would have called it that.
I'm not from North America at all.
I'm only basing my statement on what's written in the US Constitution.
