Original Response:
https://imgur.com/a/EZ4SjAD

For some reason when im leaning i feel my tires start to slip where that red line is and im not sure why that would be.

I also included a picture of the only thing that looks like a manufactured date on it but im not even sure if thats correct. If the tires are that old obviously i need new ones.
It’s unused rubber. 
New tyres are slippery for the first 100miles or so. 
So those edges are still in that “new” period. That’s why they feel slippery. 
Only way to wear them down and gain grip is to ride them on the slippery bit. 
But honestly if you are not on a track then I don’t see the real need to be leaning that far over in corners. 
I call those edges the illegal zone, you have to be doing illegal speeds to be in that zone.
Chicken strips!
Haha only on a track. 
Idiot strip on the road.
These arent new tires though they are what came with the bike when i bought it from the PO who wasnt sure if/when he changed tires i bought the bike last year with 2k miles on it
No they clearly aren’t new but if the edges have never been used then those areas are still “new” 
Think of it like you buy a toaster, keep it in its box unopened for 10 years. It’s still considered new. 

Because those edges of the tyre haven’t been used before they are still in that “new” period. 
And new tyres are slippery. 
The only way to get rid of that slippery-ness is to ride on them. Take the bike out on a twisty road and start off slowly easing into the corners, getting lower each time. 

But honestly I don’t see why you would really want to get that low. You are risking a crash for nothing. 
If you want to go that fast then go to a track day.
It is like 50% of the tyre.... A centimetre or so I could go with but this like 5 cm
Lol some people are more conservative in their riding. 
I know a few who have been riding 10 years+ and have never had a scuff on those edges. 
Some are just content not being racers.
That's the middle of the tyre dude.
Are we looking at the same photo? 

The middle is clearly used. Then you can see where it’s slightly dulled by cornering. Then the edges which are still shiny because he hasn’t used them. 

It looks like the bike is mostly highway used. No need for the edges of the tyres on a straight highway. 

Yes the edges that aren’t used are a little bigger than most but that’s ok. Just because you can lean lower than him doesn’t take away from the fact he is a biker too. You might have years more experience than him... or haven’t suffered a crash as bad as him etc. 
We do not know his circumstances or his riding style. We can not judge him. 
And anyway only a dickhead judges another rider based on his tyres. 

I for one think if he wants to go on riding and never use those edges then that’s ok. Let him be and enjoy his bike, his way. 
He’s doing you no harm!
I was not judging him, I was judging you for calling his unused area "the illegal zone" and "the idiot zone" no need to go illegal or idiot to use those bits.
I explained why I nicknamed it the illegal zone. 
99% of the time if you are low enough to be using the edge of the tyre, you are speeding. 
It was a lighthearted comment. 

As for the idiot zone. That again was a lighthearted comment because only idiots use the very outer edges on the road. 

Unless you have a very very twisty road that near empty when you are on it. I can’t see a reason why anyone should be using those areas of a tyre on a road. 

It certainly isn’t for daily driving or commuting!
He is wanting to use those zones, you said, albeit "Lighthearted" that he was using illegal and idiot zones.

you may not see why they are used, personally I use them on my daily commute.

You told someone that there was no point using them and using them made them an idiot. ergo, you are wrong.

there is loads left on those tyres, they are not even close to the edge, as I said in my first comment, at 1cm left, fair enough, but there is fuck loads more than that left.
All he asked was why are they slippery... so I told him they were unused. 

I never said it was illegal!!! I said I call them the illegal zones because, again there is simply no need to use those areas on a daily commute. 
If you use them daily then you either live in a very twisty area or ride like a dick. Like I said 99% of riders don’t need those areas. 

I never said using them made him an idiot! 
You are putting words in my mouth that are not there. 
I said idiots use them. Because it usually is those idiots who give the rest of us bikers a bad name. 
It’s fine if he wants to use those areas of his tyre (no one is stopping him) but as I advised before he is better off doing it at a track day. He can learn more about his tyres and how they work whilst being safe and not putting lives in danger. 

I never said there wasn’t loads left on the tyres. Again you made that up. 
1cm, 2cm, 5cm it really doesn’t matter. 
From the pictures he posted, the edges haven’t been used. He asked why they are slippery and I told him. End of!
Yes they haven't been used, and you correctly said they were slippy as they were unused, you then proceeded to call the the illegal zone and the idiot zone, do you see how this could annoy someone that uses them perfectly legally and has never been in accident would take um-bridge at this?

If you want to ride vertically and stick to highways then that is up to you, but do not ever refer to 5cm from the edge of your tyre as the idiot zone, that just makes you sound like a twat.

Anyway I'm done. you justify yourself all day, but calling it the idiot zone is what annoyed me, and if you think the bit he is trying to use makes him an idiot you should quit bikes mate.
First of all I ain’t you ‘mate’ 

Secondly it was clearly a lighthearted joke and you just wanted to feel over sensitive about something. 
I don’t see you complaining to the guy who called them chicken strips... 

I don’t care if it annoyed you. You are clearly someone who is never happy regardless of what is said. You should quit the internet. You’d live a longer stress free life. 

I never stated it was 5cm from the edge. Again you are putting words in my mouth. For all you know I could have been talking about the the outer most areas. The inner 4-5cm aren’t used because like I said it’s probably been highway miles. 

I never said I stick to highways... you assume incorrectly. Like most of the other crap you have said. 
I use all my tyre but I do so when it’s safe and legal. Like on a track. My daily commute has no need of those outermost areas. 

You making a scene over something as silly as this is what made you the twat. 
Learn to let things slide otherwise you are in for a harsh life. 

Again I never said he was an idiot. If he wants to use the very edges of his tyres then that’s fine! As long as he does so safely and doesn’t purposefully go out to annoy others with reckless driving. 
Bikers have enough of a bad name from people like you that I’d like to try and change. I’m hoping this guy is a little more sensible than you in his riding and helps better the biking world. 

Hope you crash!
Ok woody, you are contradicting yourself now.

I call them the idiot zone but I use them!!!! you call them the illegal zone but you use them, so you ride illegally? 

you may want to have a look back through what you have said, chill on the booze a bit mate, hoping someone crashes is a bit of a cunty thing to do.
I clearly said LIKE ON A TRACK!!! 
You obviously can’t read. 

I don’t drink... there you go assuming again! 

Haha and starting an argument because someone “upset” you or “hurt your feelings” online isn’t a dickhead move? 

Practise what you preach and fuck off. 

You crashing can only benefit other riders. Gets a dangerous git off the roads and bikers might gain more respect from drivers.
Bro I use that part of my tire on a right turn at 25 mph
Good for you... 

This post has been over for hours.
That was pretty much the point of my post is that i want to use those parts of the tires and lean more so you’re right.  

I took his comments as whatever. Alot of people in this sub say stuff like that all the time if you talk about riding somewhat aggressively on the road like theyve never done it before. Thanks for sticking up though
[removed]
[removed]
If that’s the best insult you can come up with then I’ve nothing to worry about. 

It’s not my fault you have been taught to ride wrong.
[removed]

Summary:
I said idiots use them.
I never said it was illegal!!!
I never said using them made him an idiot!
I call them the idiot zone but I use them!!!!
Again I never said he was an idiot.
you call them the illegal zone but you use them, so you ride illegally?
I call those edges the illegal zone, you have to be doing illegal speeds to be in that zone.
If he wants to use the very edges of his tyres then that’s fine!
Like I said 99% of riders don’t need those areas.
That again was a lighthearted comment because only idiots use the very outer edges on the road.
Idiot strip on the road.
I never stated it was 5cm from the edge.
