Original Response:
These dumb cunts are just that. Dumb cunts. The religious angle is just the cloak they use to pursue their dumb cuntery. Like Dutton with the flag and security. I'm more curious where the money came from to purchase the land because no way these social rejects were able to maintain the pretense of civility in a work environment.

Is there any laws about forfeiting rights to land in situations like this?
&gt; These dumb cunts are just that. Dumb cunts.

Dr Mustapha Kara-Ali's academic background:

&gt; Prior to his Research Fellowship appointment at Harvard University, Dr Kara-Ali won the Australian Endeavour Award for his doctorate (2013) on science and religion. His PhD Dissertation has been considered a pioneering study, as it brought together discussions on the three foundational disciplines of epistemology, philosophy of science and religious hermeneutics to study the foundations of the Scientific Revolution.

&gt; Mustapha has presented his research in papers at Harvard University, Oxford University, Notre Dame University, Melbourne University, Sydney University, the Lowy Institute for International Policy, and various other government and academic forums and conferences. Prior to his affiliation with Harvard University, Mustapha was associated with the American University of Beirut, the International Islamic University Malaysia (IIUM) and the University of New South Wales (UNSW).

https://scholar.harvard.edu/mustapha_kara-ali/home

Of course, being an academic doesn't prevent you from being an idiot (far from it). But I think we can take from the above that Dr Kara-Ali is not dumb in the sense of having a low IQ.
Often people like this are incredibly intelligent in their particular field (which for him, is religion) but incredibly dumb in other fields (which for him, is the law)
agreed, but they are trying this shit on knowing the courts won’t have it so they must be going after the resulting shitshow,

so if he’s not a dumb cunt, then he is a fucken cheeky troll, needs putting in his place either way.

I don’t like the way that get really personal and violent really quickly, which shows me this is no where near a dinkum effort to join Australians in Australia, I don’t want their enclaves here. Our hospitality to people of other nations, poor as it is, does not need to include allowing groups to carve off bits of Australia for themselves and then disrespecting our laws and values.
With all due respect to his academic achievements, he's a dumb cunt the moment he claims his actions are above secular reproach. He lives in a secular state and is therefore subject to the same laws as every other citizen.

To give him the benefit of the doubt, I'd say he must have had some sort of mental breakdown. In five years he gone from earning a doctorate at Harvard to building a security fenced compound in NSW and claiming legal immunity because of his religion. There appears to be a puzzle piece missing.

Also, he is reported as stating threats against a government official such as;

&gt;*"Mustapha Kara-Ali ... started to film me and the police officers saying, 'Look at this abuse' and 'You fucking dog, you Christian crusader, your cross will be buried like you'."*

He clearly has a brain...

&gt;Mustapha completed his Master’s degree in Biomedical Engineering at the University of New South Wales (Honours class) with a dissertation on human cognitive modelling and Artificial Intelligence, and he was awarded a CSIRO (Commonwealth Scientific and Industry Research Organisation) Intern Scholarship.

Yet he isn't using it here. Again I'm guessing he's had some sort of mental breakdown or fundamentalist religious awakening. He must be aware his immunity claims won't fly and the negative impact his actions and statements will have.
&gt; so if he’s not a dumb cunt, then he is a fucken cheeky troll

There's a third option which is that he's a dangerous fundamentalist.

&gt; I don’t like the way that get really personal and violent really quickly

Me neither, and for me that is one more reason to think that he's not just a 'dumb cunt' or 'cheeky troll' but a person with hard-set and hostile convictions.
His PhD thesis ... https://scholar.harvard.edu/mustapha_kara-ali/publications/ali-qushji-constructivism-birth-scientific-revolution-study-constructive

... looks like an interesting (sincerely) read. 

It's hard to reconcile the careful wording of his abstract with comments like these ...

&gt; Mustapha Kara-Ali told the ABC he would not take part in the court process because he did not believe it to be a secular institution.

&gt;&gt;    "This is religious persecution par excellence," he said.

&gt; "We have our religion and the cross bearers have theirs."
That just makes him a dangerous qualified islamic dumb cunt
&gt;but incredibly dumb in other fields (which for him, is the law)

My guess is that this narcissist knows exactly what he is doing with regards to the law and that he is using this as a rallying call to others of this particularly foul form of brain washed ideology to come together and fight against a legal system that they are choosing to ignore for the benefit of national and worldwide exposure ie: "I'm an Imam of an Islamic guild and I'm being persecuted because mah religious freedoms and my ability to build a religious compound is being denied purely because I'm a brown Muslim derpa derpa" or some other similar form of utter fuckin' bullshit
Yeah you're probably right actually

Summary:
&gt; These dumb cunts are just that.
These dumb cunts are just that.
&gt; so if he’s not a dumb cunt, then he is a fucken cheeky troll

There's a third option which is that he's a dangerous fundamentalist.
