Original Response:
[removed]
If he has already visited a divorce lawyer and plans to file, there's not much you can do to fix your marriage.   
Get your support system together and visit a therapist on your own.
[deleted]
There was nothing going on from your side, but something was going on from your husband's side he did not choose to communicate with you or work through. Relationships can only be fixed if both sides want it fixed and your husband has made it very clear he does not.
The most likely scenario is that he has been involved in an emotional affair with someone for a while -- lunching and texting all the time, hanging out, etc. All seemingly platonic until they got physical.  

He carefully planned to drop this while you were away.  Not only has he seen a lawyer, he already has somewhere to go.  The probability that there is any way to continue your marriage is extremely low.   Get some references while you are out of town and make appointments to some lawyers (you want to see more than one) as soon as you get back.
He didn’t. Things weren’t Ok. You just didn’t know they weren’t ok.
My step brother did this to his first wife. Moved out while she was at a conference, she came home to a letter on the counter, and he was unreachable for two weeks. They were in the process of trying to start a family, she had no clue. They'd been married for about ten years. 

It was a pathetic and despicable act and I lost all respect for him.  His ex is a really good person who deserved much better. I know she suffered immensly, but I'm happy to say that it didn't take her long to rebuild her life, and last I heard she was happily remarried.

This is awful. You have my sincerest condolences. It WILL get better, and soon each day will be better than the last. But it WILL hurt like hell for a while. Gather your support and do what you can to take care of yourself through this.
Or, he just wasn't happy and wanted out. Why are we jumping straight to assuming he's cheating? The more likely scenario is that OP blissfully ignored any indications that her husband was unhappy.
Sure, we can skip /u/InfamousFlan's first paragraph.  However, the second paragraph is still 100% valid.
No, yours is *not* the most likely scenario.  It's unlikely that someone who was "just wasn't happy" would do the kind of cowardly, stealth planning and execution described here without any kind of explicit warning.

~~What kind of dude are you that you would jump to blaming the OP? Do you have an ax to grind against women who travel for work or what?~~


People are jumping to an affair because after reading hundreds of posts here and in divorce, what the OP describes is a sadly familiar narrative that involves secrecy and cheating.
[removed]
Maybe he did tell you and you didn't think it was as serious as it is.
I don't blame OP, but lots of people take a cowardly approach to breakups and divorces to make things easier for themselves, even if they aren't cheating.
I don't like that you immediately accused me of hating women. I just said that OP missed obvious signals, fighting and the self improvement. She didn't talk about the relationship, left it in cruise control. 

Being taken for granted is a form of abuse as well. Just assuming that an SO will stick around, no matter how much you ignore their feelings.
Talk about a jump to a conclusion.
[deleted]
You can ask him if he'd be willing to attend counseling, but I doubt he'll go for it. Even if he does agree to it, it's not going to work if his heart isn't into it. 

I know this is incredibly hard for you but it's over.
I think there must be small issues that must be bugging the husband for maybe years. All we got is the OP saying she never did anything wrong and was happy in the marriage. I think all the issues the husband felt must have come to a head and he filed for divorce. It did not happen in a 2 week period or since he started working on self improvement. She never bothered to know if he is happy in the marriage.

I don't believe he waited 7 years and planned that he will divorce once he gets into a better frame of being. There are details we are missing. Maybe she got lazy in the relationship and took him for granted or something.
All you can do is make your feelings known. If you were to talk him out of it and stay together, there’d likely always be the underlying dynamic of “I have to do whatever possible to keep him around”. No more disagreements, no more compromises... just you bending over backwards to keep him happy so he will stay. Him not leaving will always be something he can use against you. He will always have the upper-hand. 

This is just how I feel. I’ve been fucked over a LOT.  Obviously take my advice how you will. This sucks, dude. I’m sorry this is happening. What a cowardly way to cut things off. You’ll get through it. Protect yourself and your assets. Take care of the legal ramifications, then start to heal. You got this.
There is no harm in trying. First talk to your lawyer and ask his advice. Then start following the advise related to the divorce. And then try your best to save your marriage for a stipulated time. Like you will fight for 2 weeks or a month. If nothing comes out keep on proceeding with the divorce as normal as advised by your attorney. Even in the stipulated period if something comes up like a court hearing, keep a bold front and follow your lawyer's advice.

Make it clear to your husband that you don't want divorce. However, as long as the proceedings go (maybe you two stop it once you both don't want a divorce or you want the divorce as well once you know you have tried enough) you will protect yourself and follow the lawyer's advice.
Fair comment.  

You have a whole lot of assumptions in you messages too.  We are all commenting based on what we've seen in other cases.
If we are fortunate, the OP will post an update at the end of the week -- after she has seen a lawyer and had a chance for a sit down talk with her husband.
You can try all you want but it takes two people to stay married, and it sounds like he’s already made up his mind.

Summary:
Make it clear to your husband that you don't want divorce.
This is just how I feel.
First talk to your lawyer and ask his advice.
No, yours is *not* the most likely scenario.
If he has already visited a divorce lawyer and plans to file, there's not much you can do to fix your marriage.
I don't blame OP, but lots of people take a cowardly approach to breakups and divorces to make things easier for themselves, even if they aren't cheating.
I think all the issues the husband felt must have come to a head and he filed for divorce.
She never bothered to know if he is happy in the marriage.
