Original Response:
This post is just an image of the room with no context. Nowhere does this give any evidence that a single bullet was fired and nowhere does this give evidence that the computer was hit. This is just a pic of a computer in a storage room from a MSM source. Why are you calling this wall "fake"? What is the point of this post?
You are meant to already know the back story.  This post is made not to inform, but to stir up shit.
Crazy how every time Trump or one of his people do something suspicious pizza gate hits the front page
[removed]
&gt;every time Trump or one of his people do something suspicious

As this is almost daily, I don't think it's possible to spot a pattern.
Also I love hwo this sib just supported a different sub on the side bar that conveniently excludes pitics
&gt;Nowhere does this give any evidence that a single bullet was fired

It's not an essay bro. Read news stories about it. It was a single bullet.
Also crazy how Trump's connection to Jeffery Epstein is never brought up
It happens in waves, depending on who's dumbass is in hot water.

There are pushes of narratives from multiple angles, but you're right. However, Trump's people are accused of something everyday, so what is a legitimate flak attempt and what is just stated because there's 'bombshell' information every day?
Upvoted.
No, pretty much all credible news sources say multiple or 3 bullets.
You mean how he kicked him out of all the Trump golf clubs when he found out about the underage girls?
funny how Epstein and Trump were photigraphed partying together at Mar A Lago *after* Epstein was alledgedly kicked out 

can you explain that?
It's like a triggered response. Scary.
[And yet if you talk to Donald Trump, a different Epstein emerges. "I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy,'' Trump booms from a speakerphone. "He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it -- Jeffrey enjoys his social life."](http://nymag.com/nymetro/news/people/n_7912/#)

Can you explain that?
It’s brought up at least once or twice in every pizzagate thread and gets a dedicated post on the front page of the sub quite often.
If he found out about the underage girls why didn't het report Epstein to the FBI?  He knew Epstein was fucking around with underage girls and all he did was tell him "you can't come to my clubs anymore" but didn't report him to authorities?  So Trump knew of a felony involving children being raped and he did nothing.  So he's complicit.  Great defense of the dear leader.  You may wanna rethink that one.
He knew the FBI was corrupt way back then. He was gathering Intel.
So he reported the child sex trafficking and rape to nobody instead... So he was complicit.  And he knew of a felony and failed to report it which is also a crime.  So he knew Jeff Epstein had child sex slaves and he did nothing to stop it.  He just told the guy not to come to his golf course and continue to fuck those kids elsewhere.
You're probably being purposefully obtuse, but I'll give you one more reply.

Sex trafficking is bigger than most people really understand. One did not simply "report child trafficking" and see results back then. Elements of the CIA have been the ones trafficking children (also weapons and drugs) for a very long time to fund "dark projects" off the books.

He didn't want to be suicided.
Lmao. He sure did a lot with that “intel” now that as president he made sure Epstein is behind bars and totally not enjoying paradise on his *private island* in the Virgin Islands.  Ohh wait.
We all know the well-connected get special treatment. At least he did A year.
So he knew kids were being raped and decided “my life is more important than attempting to help these kids” and did nothing?  Very brave.  What a leader.  And then Epstein was taken down for raping kids years later anyways so apparently he wasn’t untouchable and the fbi was willing to move on him...  basically you are inventing a bullshit scenario where Trump was able to know Epstein was a pedo but also be against it but also do nothing to stop it but also it makes sense for him to do nothing.  This is mental gymnastics and hoop jumping.
Fun isn't it.
Please do not drive and text.
I had my contacts out lol. I'm so terribly sorry. My eyes get dry so I have to remove them once in a while
You can see the bullet hole in the top of the case on the lower picture...
When asked what he thought about the disgraced billionaire pedo, Trump replied, "he's a terrific guy". 

Take that for what you will. 

Edit: never mind I saw my comment was already made later in the thread
Epsteins come in, Episteins go out. You can't explain that.
Yep, he did nothing. Simply nothing at all. You know, except become the top law enforcement official in the USA, root out corruption in the intelligence and law enforcement communities, and preside over a significant increase in trafficking arrests.
So his plan was “in 20 years I’ll become President”?  So these kids just have to wait if out...  and the trafficking arrests are occurring at the same rate they always occurred (despite what The_Donald tries to pretend).  Nothing special.  So, again, he did nothing.

https://www.google.com/amp/s/reason.com/blog/2017/02/27/trumps-fake-crackdown-on-sex-trafficking/amp
https://youtu.be/SESI19h4wDo

Summary:
So, again, he did nothing.
It was a single bullet.
So Trump knew of a felony involving children being raped and he did nothing.
So he knew Jeff Epstein had child sex slaves and he did nothing to stop it.
"He's a lot of fun to be with.
He knew the FBI was corrupt way back then.
So he reported the child sex trafficking and rape to nobody instead...
One did not simply "report child trafficking" and see results back then.
