Original Response:
My daily ride. Nice little bike.
it's definitely not my ducati, but it's absolutely a blast to ride!
Do you have a suggestion for a slip on for this? The stock exhaust is so damn quiet. I've ripped farts louder than this bike.
Requires a full exhaust replacement. You can find a couple of options on Revzilla but each are about a grand.
I ride my RC51 for thrills. My CBR650 to commute.
Nah just cut the can off and throw an akra on it. You'll have to do some fab work for the pipes but you can make it happen pretty cheap
https://www.revzilla.com/motorcycle/two-brothers-tarmac-exhaust-system-honda-cbr650f-2014-2016
Naw man. Chuck some old screws in the muffler, and put a card in the spokes.
Just put a speaker in there with a couple double A's
&gt; The stock exhaust is so damn quiet. 

This is an upside not a downside
[deleted]
Some days I miss my nearly electric Grom.

Then I hear it cold start and admire the rainbow exhaust and know I made a good choice.
Untill you get hit because someone doesn't see or HEAR YOU.
Wear more appropriate clothing and ride in a more defensive and predictable fashion and you won't have any problem with this.

&gt; or HEAR YOU

If you need to be heard, that's what a horn is for. The majority of time though, a louder exhaust isn't going to be audible from the people in the situations where you need to be heard most.

Nope, this is just an excuse to get a loud exhaust, it has nothing to do with safety. Let's stop spreading this myth please.
WHAT
Less obnoxious to the people around you and less attention from the police. Plus frankly it's so much funnier to smoke people when they don't expect it. Undersell and overdeliver, that's my motto
WHAT

Sorry I have tinnitus lmao

I get what you're saying. fuck the previous owner had a straight pipe and it took me a long time to save up for a two brothers with a DB killer. Much better. And I'd rather have a 2B for $200 less than the stock materials. And I'll use it for the track too
Hahahaha I admit your joke went over my head
Yes. I like loud exhausts.
That's certainly fine, nothing wrong with doing it because preferences
I guess thats your experience but ive revbombed drivers coming into my lane that moved right back into there lane. Please be smarter then to think people in cars with the radio on can
 hear a wimpy little motorcycle horn. DOT us concerned about this problem with electric cars, which are much larger then bikes. Im not saying the whole city should be abkw to hear you but at 6000rpms the cars around me sure as fuck should. Maybe we live in different places with different types of drivers.
&gt; Please be smarter then to think people in cars with the radio on can hear a wimpy little motorcycle horn.

I don't have a wimpy horn on my motorcycle. If your concern is your safety, then install a larger horn if yours doesn't come with one. They are so stupid cheap, you can get a very loud dual-tone horn for like &lt;$90. It's certainly much safer than trying to use your engine -- the thing that you're also using to keep away from said driver -- to alert them audibly. You have to stop whatever it was you were doing to pull your clutch, rev up, rev back down to riding RPMs, re-engage clutch, and then continue to maneuver away from them.

Plus, honestly, most of the time, you are much safer just moving away when somebody tries to come into your lane. Honk first yes, but if that doesn't instantly resolve the problem, take your exit strategy (you do have an exit strategy, right? That's defensive riding 101)

&gt; Im not saying the whole city should be abkw to hear you but at 6000rpms the cars around me sure as fuck should. 

And I'm saying that the people that can hear you can already see you -- because you are in front of them. The majority of the time you aren't making enough noise to make people in front of you hear you, and if you are, it's because you're coming up on them quickly. And there's nothing more dangerous than being an erratic rider around traffic.

Just admit that this has nothing to do with safety and let's move on with our lives. You're certainly free to have a loud exhaust, when I was a kid I liked having a loud stereo. But I didn't go around telling people it was for safety.

**EDIT**: https://www.amazon.com/85114-400Hz-500Hz-112db-Sports/dp/B004FXMGLY/ref=sr_1_17?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1538105702&amp;sr=8-17&amp;keywords=motorcycle+horn

This, some wire, a crimp tool and some spade connectors is all you need to upgrade the horn on your bike. It'll be just as effective at alerting other drivers and you don't have to go around making up excuses for why you wanted to get a nifty loud exhaust
Okay well I like my loud exhaust, so you are right.... still not getting rid of my pipe. You are completely correct though. My comment was not worth that well written of a response.
Loud jokes save lives.

Summary:
I don't have a wimpy horn on my motorcycle.
&gt; or HEAR YOU

If you need to be heard, that's what a horn is for.
Nope, this is just an excuse to get a loud exhaust, it has nothing to do with safety.
&gt; Please be smarter then to think people in cars with the radio on can hear a wimpy little motorcycle horn.
Please be smarter then to think people in cars with the radio on can
 hear a wimpy little motorcycle horn.
&gt; The stock exhaust is so damn quiet.
