Original Response:
How do dudes have the BALLS to do this? Haha what goes through their mind thinking, “oh hell Yeah she would totes be down for this.”
If she says no you lose nothing. Ask 10 women, one will say yes.
I’d say the success rate of this is going to be much lower than 1 in 10...
The question is how many times does he have to shotgun this approach out before it works. 20 girls? 30?
For $1200 a month I'd definitely accept if it was a guy I already knew.
A lot of women would do that for 1200
1 in 10 is assuming he's ugly or weird. As a solid 5 with the personality of a door knob I get a yes at about a 1:5

"You wanna go drink and smoke in my bedroom? No, your friend can't come."
I got out of a 5 year relationship last year. She was my high school sweetheart. Ive had no other girlfriends but her. Ive had sex with someone before her in high school but she was my very first love. Very first relationship. We even have a kid together. But shes not in our lives (her choice) and honestly its been so long this thought has crossed my mind a couple of times. Gets lonely man. Shit hurts &lt;/3
[removed]
[removed]
Sure you do bro.
The fact that you have offered enough random women money for sex to know the odds its kinda disturbing.
[deleted]
:(
Drugs
Half.  Don’t ask how I know ... lol
I'm... failing to see what your reply has to do with anything mentioned. You're saying you offer random women money for sex because you're lonely or something?
So that justifies harassing random women asking for sex in exchange for money? What???
If he wasn't a total psycho and it was literally 10 minutes each time and I just had to basically lay there while he did all the work, I might consider it. I wouldn't be doing any blowjobs or anal or anything. Condom on, a quick wham bam thank you ma'am, then I leave? Meh not too big of a deal.
How DON'T you know? 

Bam. Loopholes.
Probably some BS they heard from their friends ranting about how to be a pick up artist.
I personally know girls who would do this
Come on. He's probably never been with one.
hi
lol you wild wyd tho?
&gt; if it was a guy I already knew

FML, for a second I thought I was finally getting laid :'(
If I'm gonna be a ho, I'd demand a higher price than that. $1200 is chicken feed.  I'm high class arm candy, $1200 bucks ain't gonna cut it, pal.
That's called solicitation. There is definitely a legal risk to offering money for illegal services.
Imagine the ugliest dude you know though. Maybe he's very overweight, or perhaps he has a little stank coming off him. That's the one that's gonna be offering this deal.
I figure they'd expect more work for more money. If I can just bend over and not even look at or touch someone it would be preferable to making more money. Unless they were actually half-decent in bed and had good hygeine, maybe I'd be willing to up my menu haha.
I sympathise with your undoubtedly tough situation, but...


r/nobodyasked
I’m listening to the ‘This Past Weekend’ podcast right now (like, literally, as I type this), and Theo Von is interviewing a sex worker. She’s an escort, and while she wouldn’t be explicit about her rates, it costs well north of $500 an hour to spend time with her. And not all of her clients want to have sex, they want the girlfriend experience: dinner, TV or a movie, etc.  

So based on my shitty math, this jackhole in the pic should be offering $2-300 for every ten minutes he wants to spend on these “dates”.

And ten minutes??? Damn, boy! I have an issue where it takes way too long, even after years with the same partner. At first girls think it’s great to be with someone who’ll bang them for an hour, but it becomes tedious for both of us. But this guy wanting ten minutes seems like he’s not only a hair trigger when it comes to getting off, but he can’t possibly know how to be someone worth fucking in the first place.
.... fuck I would
Onward
[removed]
&gt;stank

See, this is the problem.
That's just as likely as him being a creep and having low standards and fishing for women where the answer is  more likely to be yes.
Must have a case of GPS
Honestly with the success I have on tinder with "wanna hang out and smoke a blunt?" I feel like this is quite the deal
Damn. Haven't heard that one in a while 😂hope it makes a comeback
We'd have to have some stipulations then...like no kissing on the mouth and he has to hit it from behind so I don't have to watch the whole ordeal. But this is coming from someone who  wants to pay off some credit card debt quickly.
Are you mocking someone over 10 minute sex based on the fact you have suffer from sexual dysfunction? Thats pretty weird dude.
I call it "pump N go"
What's up?
[deleted]
I had a friend in college who at parties would walk up to random women and just say "let me throw it in you." I thought it was fucking dumb and gross but he got laid way more than I ever did. Not that I want his stats, but if your only goal is to get laid a wide net catches the most fish...
He didn't, he awkwardly beat around the bush, with his "what adults do" phrase. Sounds like when Beavis and Butt-head try to "do it" or "see thingies". This dude's lame AND vague. 

That said, in the words of That 70's Show's Stephen Hyde, "Dating is prostitution, you just don't always get what you paid for. "
Hi, any interest in a job that pays cash?
If you're serious, it sounds more like he's saying sexual dysfunction recognizes sexual dysfunction

Because yeah, 10 mins is not enough for the majority of the female population. And the majority of the male population.
[deleted]
That's very steep. $300 is about the going rate for a call girl, at least in my area. Trying to offer a random girl over $1k seems like a terrible idea because more than likely you'll be considered a creep and rejected anyway.
How you doin?
I'm a straight male and I'd probably start haggling.
[deleted]
I thought he was trying to set up a 1200 bucks aa month deal.
Edit: Yeah, he want to pay her $1200 A month to be his ho.  That won't pay the rent. That won't put kibble in the dog's bowl.
I get you man, lonely sucks.  We all get to that point sometimes, but i don't think many would go through with it.
&gt; If she says no you lose nothing

I guess this is technically true since you can't lose whatever little dignity you never had to begin with.
I dunno about your girl, but my girl jizzes in less than 10 minutes and anything after that is basically unnecessary.
It's a numbers game. It will work eventually.
shoot n scoot
40-45 minutes is about right.
[deleted]
/r/ihavesex 

https://www.lifehacker.com.au/2018/02/how-long-does-the-average-man-last-in-bed/
It's supposedly only a total of 2 hours of work in an entire month. It's not supposed to be your whole income . You think hoes have 3 dick appointments a week and pay their bills? Lol. That's sugar baby status and you'll have to do a whole lot more than just a quick 10 minute fuck a week to get that kind of treatment.
Damnnnnnnnnnn this dude is on some real shit. Took the words out of my mouth. 1200 is way too fucking much. I would never pay that much
[deleted]
And so I ain't a ho.
Well I would hope not. But if you were to do that 1200 extra a month would be pretty nice on top of your existing income but not worth being someone’s sex slave. Fuck that noise
Isn't the going rate more like 300 per sex? I'm thinking there's an arbitrage opportunity here. We get these $1200 women you speak of, and we collect the $3600 and 'employ' them, off the books of course.
I ain't gay but 1200 is 1200.
Okay so it's really $300 a week.. Which is shit. Like i said the going rate is about $300 a "session." So this dude is definitely a cheapass.
Men lasting up to an hour is rare but not unheard of. It happens to me fairly often and most of the time I can't even finish, not as cool as it sounds. Like your article said, "long, crap sex, is still crap sex"😔
Skeet n' yeet
PM sent. Lol
[removed]
You’ve already established that you’re a ho. You’re just haggling.
Cum and run
Sure, but dating is all about the implication of certain things. You're not asking them for sex, you're asking to hang out. Sure, in the back of both y'all heads y'all know where it \*can\* lead, but there is no \*expectation\* of sex. Because as soon as a girl feels like you're expecting sex, shit gets weird really fast.
Desperation
He’s watched way too much Bangbus
Ejaculate and evacuate
I’m a dude but I’d do it for 1200 a month
But you've got to do it twelve times for that $1200, and you know his cheap ass isn't going to pay you up front?
The dang ol' Boomhauer method
[removed]
That's why he worded it that way, to get her to have sex for $100 lol
A blunt is cheaper though. And you get to smoke weed as well.
Lol may as well fly overseas and buy a prostitute at that rate.
I mean, he could approach a woman who IS sex worker and have a 100% hit rate. But he's obviously not that smart.
[deleted]
If you ever came across such a proposition, get the money upfront...
lmao i have two friends that would totally do this
Tap and Gap
&gt; buy a prostitute 

I think it's generally considered unethical to buy humans. 

Depends where overseas though. Maybe if you went somewhere in Africa...
And spend less than 100, too
[deleted]
Seems that way. Older, more experienced guys, take it slow.
Lol
It's their boners typing.
Would you rather have a sex worker who serviced everyone or a personal one who only served you?

Richer men sugar daddy like this all the time with much higher payouts.
And if you're a stoner, odds are you were pretty chill to start.
Smash &amp; Dash
I'd rather have sex with someone because they're into me, so I can't say I've pondered this.
Well that’s not what we are discussing here
Not getting any money doing that, lol.
[deleted]
Eh, a lot of tinder is just "lets fuck" point blank. There is no implication of dating. If youre looking for dating, there are better sites and apps for that. Tinder and bumble are for fucking. No other implications. Sometimes those apps lead to dating but they are for fucking with no strings attached.
[deleted]
its 100 dollars per encounter... 12 encounters for 1200. That's cheap AF. It's not even enough to pay rent.

actual escorts get paid way more than that.  So he's asking someone to be an escort but offering way less than an escort would get paid... WHO would agree to that?  

Just go be a real escort and make more money. Go be a sugar baby and at least get your bills paid.
1200 dollars for an entire month isnt even enough to pay rent!

It's SO cheap. The point of sex work is that it's lucrative pay!
he offered $100 dollars. 12 encounters over the month for 1200.
[deleted]
Sure you are
Eh that’s like asking a girl to grab a cup of coffee nowadays
Soo wait should I just put a weed reference on my profile?
That's what I'm sayin'!
That's what I do. Then I get no matches because if my dog was as ugly I am, I'd draw a face on it's butt and teach it to walk backwards.
I would have gone for it when I was younger and single.
Spray and pray
The problem with that is, lets say the guy lives in Grand Junction.  There arent sex workers walking the streets,  and since they shut down backpage the guy is probably doing the shotgun approach on all dating sites. 100 strike outs and 2 hits still results in the guy finding someone open to his proposal
Someone posted a while ago of going onto dating sites as a guy,. Out of something like 300 messages, they got &lt;10% replies (so like 30 messages). Of those replies, only like 3-5 girls agreed to meed for a date, and I think only 2 ended up going through with the date.

So, standard "online dating" (at least in this example) has a date chance of \~1/150, or 0.007% success rate that doesn't necessarily include sex.

Now, after going through OPs profile, I saw he was a Buffalo Bills fan, so I'll assume he lives there (why else like the Bills?). That city has a population of 256'000, or 128'000 women, of which \~50% are in the 18-55 range. so lets say 64'000 potential women in buffalo.   Which means through online dating of the ENTIRE city he would still only get \~422 women to agree to a date. 

I feel like when you take it into that context, even getting one or two girls to ever agree to that would be like hitting a jackpot.

&amp;#x200B;
Have you ever used tinder? Maybe if you're in the top 1% of the male population in looks or you're going after the bottom of the barrel women. Even then most girls simply aren't in to that. I'm not saying it doesn't happen, because I've seen it before, but 99% of my experience was strong text game, meet up within a week, do something simple and cheap, and then if all went well we ended up at their place or we set up a second or third date and got to business.

Edit: you seem older, so it's probably different with older women who are much straight forward. When I used tinder when I was 18-21 and knowing girls in the same age range, they we're terrified of something happening and always perfered meeting up in public places.
Of im looking to use sex as my entire income then year 1200 would be shit, but if that were my choice I'd be doing a lot more thab just one guy for it. Were talking about $600 an hour right here, that sounds like pretty damn good pay if you ask me.
Im a single father, tattoo artist, and shop owner. Women are big fans of that combination. Not to be brash or anything, but 20 somethings throw that shit around a lot more than older women. Whether they are 8/9s or solid 5s. Older women want the relationship. And if they throw it around, they are cougars that want younger guys. Maybe some just give off the creep vibe or arent good enough with the conversation to make them toss it around easily. Not being a jerk or anything. But i know quite a few folks from all age groups that are on bumble and tinder to just fuck. No strings. Maybe a drink or 2 to loosen up first but thats about it. Ive invited plenty to my place that come with no issue and the other way around. 

Shit, my tinder talks about how im a dirty heavily tattooed piece of shit biker looking to fuck and thats it. I dont really keep track, but id say a good portion of women ive been with from the apps are in their early to mid 20s.
It's $100 per encounter. Meaning he probably wouldn't pay more than that for the entire visit - however long it was
&gt;just 10 mins of work

He's the one who said it, not me.
First meeting in a public place is just Internet safety 101
Absolutely not lol.
[removed]
Are you trying to convince her out of a hypothetical situation?
Blow your load then hit the road
Well, I mean, not really. But this is all hypothetical
Ooooooh shop owner, the sexiest profession
Not sure if sarcastic or not. But if so, ask most 20 somethings if they find tattoo artist as a "sexy" profession. As for shop owner(3 well known ones), it provides me many luxuries and a certain lifestyle that is absolutely attractive to females of all ages. Again, im talking about fucking and not dating so superficial shit matters.
Ha, I was being sarcastic

And yes I can definitely imagine tattoo artist appealing to a certain demographic (the better the artist half of the title, the wider the demographic I could imagine), I was just taking the piss out of shop owner being added to the list as one of the sexy factors.

It's kind of on par with OOOOH HE OWNS A SUPERMARKET
As a former sex worker, I wouldn't have done it. Less than ~250 I wouldn't even have showed up.
It's not 2 hours of work. 10 minutes is never 10 minutes nor does it account for the time before and after that's necessary. An hour minimum each time is a more realistic view.
I'm not sure why you're being downvoted. 20 minutes to achieve full arousal and 7 minutes intercourse are average. 10 minutes is only enough if you're already almost there.
and that's considered cheap since some girls tend to charge upwards of 200-300 for a session.
Yea but it's never going to be "just 10 minutes"

&amp;#x200B;
alcohol and/or drugs
Ditto. And even if I wasn't interested, I don't see why I'd be *insulted*?
I think the cringiest part was "Blocked."
[deleted]
Cuz thats what everyone says, thinking they just absolutely destroyed that person. Countering a creep with a low effort response brings down my respect
You have a weird way of interpreting this exchange.
The less effort spent on these people, the better.
God everyone here is so mature, not my place.
Even if it were cringy, how could it *possibly* be the cringiest thing in a post where *the guy asks her to prostitute herself*? What are your standards for cringy??
Ive seen lots of stuff like that on this sub already, its just old
Hm, I think you have the wrong place, sir.

I think you walked into the real world by accident.

The exit’s right there. 🚪
Jesus christ, is what I said really that bad?

Summary:
I personally know girls who would do this.
I would never pay that much.
You're not asking them for sex, you're asking to hang out.
That's why he worded it that way, to get her to have sex for $100 lol.
1200 is way too fucking much.
A lot of women would do that for 1200.
Ask 10 women, one will say yes.
Not getting any money doing that, lol.
Well, I mean, not really.
And so I ain't a ho.
Well I would hope not.
Isn't the going rate more like 300 per sex?
Don’t ask how I know ... lol.
It's not even enough to pay rent.
It's not 2 hours of work.
He's probably never been with one.
I feel like this is quite the deal.
Like i said the going rate is about $300 a "session."
We all get to that point sometimes, but i don't think many would go through with it.
Older women want the relationship.
And you get to smoke weed as well.
1200 dollars for an entire month isnt even enough to pay rent!
That won't pay the rent.
And spend less than 100, too.
I'd rather have sex with someone because they're into me, so I can't say I've pondered this.
The point of sex work is that it's lucrative pay!
actual escorts get paid way more than that.
10 minutes is only enough if you're already almost there.
Edit: Yeah, he want to pay her $1200 A month to be his ho.
