Original Response:
TL:DR chain goes loose and then tightens up while moving, noticeably. What would cause that? Tried to explain, but if you have questions ask. 

Hey guys, I bought a wr250x a few months back. Everything was running smooth on the bike, but the chain was a little loose so I tightened it today. I tightened it to the specs listed in the manual and tried rolling the rear wheel (it was on a stand and in neutral). It rolled okay, but the chain was switching back and forth between being loose and tight. The rear sprocket is aftermarket (up 5 in the back), but the chain should still go around normally right? Now when I ride it tightens a bit and it’s definitely noticeable. What would cause that? Should I just get a new chain?
Uneven sprocket wear? Sprocket not centered/wrong size? Unevenly worn chain? Sections of the chain stiff or rusted?

If the chain and sprockets weren't replaced together it can cause accelerated and maybe weird wear too.
Supposedly it was a new chain as well. As far as I can tell the rear sprocket and the chain aren’t worn. The chain doesn’t look rusty anywhere. Gonna check to see if the sprocket is centered tomorrow.
It would definitely be odd if it wasn't a perfect fit already but you never know with things...
[deleted]
Think I should just go back to stock sprocket and chain? I bought it with the new stuff already on it so I’m not entirely sure who they purchased it from or who did the work on it.
Supposedly (previous owners word) it was a newer chain (less than a season on it). Do you think an aftermarket sprocket would tear up a chain that fast?
[deleted]
Only if the current setup is a deal breaker.

I forgot to mention that the tension varies depending on your suspension extension. So if you are e.g. rolling the bike around and shifting enough weight to compress or extend the rear you will notice some change. It just has to be in spec at all times.
Haha I understand. I think I’m gonna go back to stock gearing and just buy a new rear sprocket and a new chain. I only know enough to adjust and replace chains/sprockets really, but I’ve only dealt with stock stuff. I didn’t think an aftermarket sprocket would tear a chain up that bad, but it’s better to find the chain problem while it’s on a stand rather than on the street.
It was noticeable while on the stand, rolling the bike in neutral and riding around. It hadn’t given me a problem before, but I probably just didn’t notice it because it was loose enough that I didn’t feel a big change. The current setup was fine, but I’m gonna try stock gearing and a new chain and see how that does. Thanks for your help!
[deleted]
Not to blame the new sprocket only. But Sure, you can destroy a chain in &lt;20 miles if you adjust it wrong initially. It could also be a cheap piece of shit chain, or sprockets, or they didn’t replace the front sprocket at the same time. Replace everything and adjust per the updated chain specs for the WR. You can’t go wrong with Supersprox stealth rear, supersprox front and DID vx o ring chain. Get new sprocket bolts also, and probably new chain rollers wouldn’t hurt. 
Edit link to specs https://www.manualslib.com/manual/582263/Yamaha-Wr250r.html?page=69 I use a fish scale to get the corr$t tension.

Summary:
Think I should just go back to stock sprocket and chain?
Should I just get a new chain?
Supposedly it was a new chain as well.
It just has to be in spec at all times.
