Original Response:
A few weeks ago I matched with this girl on Tinder. She lived far away from where I live but her family was spending a few days in town so we agreed to meet up. Even though I had no intentions with her whatsoever, I had a bit of a vulnerable moment and we ended up making out. The next day she left and we didn't think we'd see each other ever again.

FFW a couple of weeks. I got a job as cabin crew at a major airline (can't say which one for obvious reasons) and my training just so happened to be in the same city where she lived. So I texted her about that and we ended up meeting again.

Even though I had no intentions with her, eventually the tone of the conversation turned sexual. A few days later she told me she was a virgin. I was a bit taken aback, but I just shrugged it off. Eventually, we made plans to do the deed at her place.

FFW a couple of days. The day arrives and I go to her place. I can't explain why but I had some sort of bad feeling about this and I didn't really feel like going. But I went anyway.

So I arrive there. We chat for a bit, get undressed, yadda yadda. Suddenly, while giving me head, she says, "According to your height your penis ought to be larger."

I was *mortified*.

After a few seconds of not knowing what the fuck I should do, I got up, got dressed, and left.

I am absolutely average size-wise, and I know I have no reason to be self-conscious about it, but I won't lie when I say this wrecked my self-esteem.

Thanks for reading, I just needed to vent a bit.
Hey man. I went through an almost identical scenario. I can 100% empathize here. I'm a tall dude (about 6'1") and I also have an average dick. It's done it's job multiple times. 



I started dating this girl I really liked. She and I hit it off, had similar hobbies, same exact music taste, we were really into each other. 



Then comes the day where we finally have sex. I can tell she's not uncomfortable but getting vulnerable with anyone can be somewhat awkward. Her body type wasn't my ideal but I was so into her, it didn't even cross my mind. Then comes time for me to take my clothes off. Bam. She looks at it, frowns and says "it isn't as big as I thought. Most taller guys have bigger dicks." 



She tried to still have sex with me but after she said that shit, I was so annoyed, I couldn't even keep it up. She trashed my attraction to her in one sentence. I was so pissed, it wasn't even worth pursuing anymore. I gave it a shot and she was the worst person I've ever attempted having sex with. She was rude during sex, didn't know how to communicate what she liked and disliked and would get mad if I didn't finish within 3 minutes. I gave up on her. 



Moral is: All people have preferences and that's fine but if it's that big of an issue, there's a nicer way to say it. Also, you can do much more with your hands and mouth. I've found out that cunnilingus is your best friend. Mastering that has gotten me far with most women. 



After meeting a different girl after her who was actually honest about what she wanted and didn't say nasty shit to me about things I couldn't change, my confidence came back and I realized that the one girl was a one off. Just a shitty person for me to meet.
What made me feel so lost was that literally no-one else had ever said anything even remotely similar. It felt like such a kick to the gut. I sat there staring blankly for a few seconds before even being able to move.
In your situation, the girl was a virgin. Maybe she watched too much porn and she had a distorted view of dick size? Things people have said? I don't know what it could've been but it obviously turned the situation sour. 



People are always going to be critics. There's nothing you can do about it other than say fuck you and stop talking to them. If it's average, it's average and there's nothing to be ashamed of. If that's really a deal breaker for her well good luck to her finding anyone who'd be willing to put up with that nonsense. 



I found out months later that the girl that I used to date was a lonely person. Hardly any friends and most people said she was too critical of a person because she was critical of herself. Everyone has their shit and once they start being nasty to you, they're just projecting their own misery on you. I think you're ok, man.



 You obviously liked this girl which is why it affected you but these things happen unfortunately and all I can say is keep on trucking. That's one tally down and good riddance.
what is average though
OMG, that's fucked

How did you even fuck her after that? Alcohol? Six months later?
Apparently average is something from 5"-6"
well well well im there
bone pressed right
Lol. We tried fucking multiple times but every time it got weirder. She was awesome at first but after some time, she became bitter and angry. I was really desperate at the time so I tried to make it work. 


She was going through some emotional shit which she wouldn't open up about and ended up being really mean to me and people she knew. Sex wasn't that fun and lasted normally about 5 minutes. It was horrible.
From what I understand, if there's fat there then yes. You measure it from top of the pelvic bone across.
heck yeah im average thanks man
Yeah but you're kinda short...
6.5" is average, lots of smaller numbers get thrown around here to make guys feel better.
oh nah i found out that 4.8-6 inches is normal penis size but thanks anyway
Incorrect

Summary:
I gave up on her.
well well well im there.
The day arrives and I go to her place.
So I texted her about that and we ended up meeting again.
I started dating this girl I really liked.
I think you're ok, man.
FFW a couple of days.
You obviously liked this girl which is why it affected you but these things happen unfortunately and all I can say is keep on trucking.
