Original Response:
I asked some rich guy on instagram how me makes his money and he told me he flips bitcoin using iTunes gift cards on Paxful, he said he buys the bitcoin sells it to companies and millionaires, hes also constantly asking me "are you ready to start?" My red flags are going off but im curious if theres any legitimacy to his claims, are people really banking off this or is this a scam? Thanks for any insight!
Paxful is incredibly shady. They employ shills on Reddit and brigade the Localbitcoins and Bitcoin subreddit. Three of the most common shills you will see are ChaunceyEspina, peachydawg and juxtapozz. Stick to Localbitcoins, they have a good reputation.

&amp;#x200B;
it's funny how you got to comment here first before I do. how much is Localbitcoins paying you?
You're probably the person who created the thread. How much is Paxful paying you? And for the record, LBTC doesn't pay me anything, I just think Paxful is trash and your extremely dodgy and blatant shilling makes you look even worse.
Lol if you haven't heard the news already, LBC is dropping its trade volume and more users are switching to Paxful. Lol it just shows how bad Localbitcoins is operating cause they're losing their users. And still you're here try to revive LBCs name by telling people that it has a good reputation when clearly it's not doing any good at all. Come on tell us already, how much are you really earning from Localbitcoins?
First and foremost, I don't know what a shill means.. so there's that. I am merely promoting paxful so more people would use the platform. more traders = more trade opportunities. Also, I don't need to be paid by paxful for those specific reasons,  I can gain more money trading there than being paid by them. So you can go back to your beloved platform and stop spreading baseless rumors about me.
We've already established you and ChaunceyEspina are the same person. Try harder loser.
Keep lying rofl. Your post history speaks for itself.
[deleted]
I do not deny that I promote Paxful, but that doesn't mean they are paying me to do so. Unlike you, who posts where ever possible trying to tell people that I am being paid by paxful. You actually look more suspicious than I am.
Im not really sure what's your basis on your allegations. And by "we" do you mean your co-workers on localbitcoins or localnano? Is that your strategy? Trying to shut me down because I am using and promoting another platform? What a shameful strategy. Is that how desperate you are? Kindly tell your employer, that instead of spending money on paying you and whoever those "we" you're talking about, spend those money on improving your customer service so people would stop complaining about your company.
[removed]
Your post history. Enough said.
If you would check my history. I promote paxful. So what? Is that not allowed? If I look at your history. It's as if you're paid to be on reddit the whole day to comment on random posts? Then on the date the article I shared was published about localbitcoins losing trade volume and paxful gaining at the same period, you suddenly start accusing me and other users of being paid by paxful. Seriously? Is that how localbitcoins work? People complaint about your platform. I try to promote the platform I use. Fix your problems first before attacking users of other platforms.
[removed]
Don't promote paxful here. Their reputation for employing astroturf accounts is tiresome.

Summary:
how much is Localbitcoins paying you?
I am merely promoting paxful so more people would use the platform.
I try to promote the platform I use.
If I look at your history.
Trying to shut me down because I am using and promoting another platform?
