Original Response:
I would rather no trade deal than a lousy trade deal.
That’s because you have no idea what no trade deal means. It’s would wreck our economy. You want to pay more for electricity, food and just about everything for the sake of feelings. Even though it was Canada who showed up to the negotiations demanding we get to set our own content rules on auto parts, after signing the TPP. Essentially making us a larger conduit for Chinese dumping. Which is Trumps main goal, take out chinas ability to bypass tariffs. But ok you can explain to your kids why they can’t find jobs in 10 years.
A lot of people have no clue how easily America can ruin Canada's economy.

They are after all, the biggest economy in the world.

Why the downvotes? All I've said is a fact.
Abrogation of NAFTA would hurt our economy but by no means would it "wreck" it. Stick to some thoughtful analysis (there is plenty of legitimate stuff on all sides to discuss), but leave the overheated rhetoric and hyperbole out of it.
NAFTA withdraw and auto tariffs combined with steel tariffs (not to mention the recent pipeline fiasco) would cause foreign investment to dry up. So I don’t think is hyperbole to say it will wreck our economy. :)
NAFTA and auto tariffs are separate issues (the Americans can try to implement auto tariffs under "national security" interests quite aside from whether NAFTA exists or not).

Steel tariffs have also been implemented outside of the existing NAFTA agreement. Again, negotiating a "new" NAFTA doesn't stop the Americans from doing this any time that they want to (just as they constantly screw with the Softwood Lumber Agreements - don't think that they won't under the new" dispute resolution mechanisms that they are insisting on).

The pipeline issue has absolutely nothing to do with NAFTA; it has nothing to do with a conversation about whether NAFTA lives or dies.

Although I don't pretend that exports would thrive in the immediate termination of NAFTA, the supply chains and export markets underlying NAFTA would not go away simply because NAFTA might end (e.g. look at the complex and integrated supply chain for the Ontario-made Toyota Rav4, the most popular non-truck in America in order to see what I mean). It is the long-term loss of markets and supply chains that worries American businesses, not the trade numbers for any particular year. To keep those markets they need to reduce tariffs - NAFTA or no NAFTA; this is what Trump is too stupid to understand.

Ironically, with the threat of NAFTA looming, Canadian exports are actually rising ...
So they are gonna start selling the RAV for 25% higher price? I think not.
Canada is a resource based economy that primarily exports to the US.

Saying that the removal of NAFTA won't affect Canada is extremely short sighted.
That is my point. There is so much of the vehicle that is produced in the U.S. that (a) the U.S. could not effectively "tariff" just the non-U.S. components; and (b) putting a tariff on the entire vehicle would kill not only U.S. sales but also U.S. jobs - lots of U.S. jobs. 

I drive a Ford Explorer that was assembled in Canada, but with the majority of the components manufactured in Kentucky (so says the nameplate on the driver's door) - so, are they gonna tariff that? Ford has also (two days ago) announced that it will not sell the new Focus Crossover in the U.S., due to import tariffs - reduced consumer choice is always a winner. The "American made" Toyota Camry is made with 30% foreign inputs - a 25% tariff would add $3,000 to the domestic purchase cost of that vehicle. Mazda/Toyota have also put the brakes on a proposed $1.6 billion dollar U.S. plant due to concerns regarding the long-term impacts of U.S. auto policy. The impact of tariffs on these factors is obvious.

These decisions on the part of a president that doesn't know what he is doing will raise the cost of vehicles for American consumers (there is no longer such thing as a "domestically produced vehicle" in the U.S.), reduce consumer choice, kill American jobs, and extinguish long-term markets. Congress knows this, even if Trump cannot figure it out. That is why the tariff war will end, whether NAFTA survives or  not.
I wrote that "abrogation of NAFTA would hurt our economy ...". You read that, correct?
Hurt is more of an understatement.

Canada is highly dependent on the US to refine 75% of its oil and gas exports.
What makes you think that business would end because NAFTA might cease to exist?

We export energy to the U.S., and they are the ones that purchase it for refining and resale (i.e. their business model depends on purchasing that energy at the lowest price possible). In other words, their refineries make money by purchasing unrefined oil and gas at the lowest possible price, refining it and then selling it for the highest price possible. Why then would the U.S. apply a "tariff" to our energy exports to them, and how would that help their energy companies' business models?
He is totally tight about the rules of origin. We play hardball with US on Canadian content in NAFTA, but in TPP anything goes. Seems like we have no idea what we want. Plus, now Canada becomes a conduit for cheap Asian imports to the United States.
The U.S. had a chance to be part of the TPP (they were one of the original advocates for it), and more recently they have been making noises about wanting to join it.

The TPP is a pan-Asian trade agreement - of course it is going to increase trade in Asian-based/produced goods. This is a good thing for Canada, as the less reliance that they place on U.S. markets will only increase overall trade stability.

Finally, "rules of origin" is not the problem here. The problem is dispute resolution mechanisms, sunset clause, patent protection, and some absurd fixation on supply management. There were/are effective ways to address Chinese dumping, but a trade war was the last of them.
Rules of origin is definitely a problem, sure there are other 'poison pills'. But when US says we need 50% American content on vehicles sold in America we can't have it, but we are totally okay with under 30% Canadian content under TPP.
Plus, what's free trade about supply management? Yes they are fixated about it, but if doesn't mean that much to us we can let that go, right?
1. "Rules of origin" is not a problem in the sense that we can figure out North American content for North American sales (the U.S. is not a signatory to TPP, so presumably products manufactured and exported into Canada from abroad won't be saleable in the U.S. unless they meet U.S. requirements - this is not as big a problem as some people want to make it out to be).

2. As for "supply management", the U.S. currently pumps around $20 billion dollars annually in subsidies to its farm industries (the "Farm Bill"). Nobody seems to much want to talk about that. Add to that the fact that Michigan and Wisconsin have a dairy surplus that itself is more than all of the dairy products manufactured in Quebec and Ontario (all of which surplus is bought up by the U.S. Dept. of Agriculture - another direct subsidy). Finally, the U.S. sells about $750 million annually in dairy products to Canada, whereas Canada sells about $160 million annually in dairy products to the U.S. So ya, if you want to talk about "free trade" in dairy, let's talk about what is really going on in "free trade" in dairy. Both sides.
Canada's supply management is an effective subsidy that is close to 4x the diary subsidy that the Americans pay on a per litre of production basis.
Signing a trade deal from a position of weakness is not a good idea. I would rather pay more for everything than sign a bad deal. Appeasement is not how you handle aggressive countries. This has always been the case. Not signing the deal would be an opportunity for Canada to steal American intellectual property for free like China and get even cheaper drugs manufactured in Canada. Canada has ammunition to hurt America more than they would hurt us over the long-term.

What is this TPP and China stuff? China wasn't a part of the TPP...
The reference to that metric in isolation is next to meaningless.

As I wrote before, throw it all in the hopper (subsidies to both Canadian and U.S. producers - both direct and indirect) in order to have a rational discussion. Don't just pluck out one metric because it sounds good or happens to support your argument, and suggest that it is a full answer to the issue.
Sure no problem.

The OECD puts Canada's producer subsidy equivalent at $4.78b USD. Of that PSE, at minimum 35% went to milk alone (as per page 3 graph info) with likely almost half going to the dairy industry because of supply management. They do factor in indirect and direct in the analysis.

https://read.oecd-ilibrary.org/agriculture-and-food/agricultural-policy-monitoring-and-evaluation-2017/canada_agr_pol-2017-8-en#page4 

The USA's PSE was 33 billion with the majority of it going toward sugar. Only about ~$6.5b went towards dairy, while ~$2.0b-2.5 went toward's Canadian dairy.

https://read.oecd-ilibrary.org/agriculture-and-food/agricultural-policy-monitoring-and-evaluation-2017/united-states_agr_pol-2017-29-en#page4

Canada produces about 19 billion pounds of milk while the USA produces 215 billion pounds of milk. That's about 10x as much so in subsidy equivalent the USA would need to subsidize its industry by $25b to make it comparable to our dairy industry's subsidy but theirs is about 1/4 as much.

https://www.statista.com/statistics/194937/total-us-milk-production-since-1999/http://www.dairyinfo.gc.ca/index_e.php?s1=cdi-ilc&amp;s2=aag-ail

Canada's dairy subsidies are absurd. Not even the EU subsidizes close to as much.

Now where are your facts?
No, the sky would not fall.
I guess without NAFTA we'll just dump our oil into the ocean? Nah, either we'll find another buyer, or even better, we'll refine it ourselves.
Lol. My kids won't have "jobs", are you kidding me? This system won't last another 5 years, let alone 10. Trump shoot is just a sign of the end times, Canada gets pulled down along with them ...

Canada stopped doing anything to ensure durability and stability about 15 years ago. Now we maximize profit at any expense. Why do you think this will last?
I thought you need a pipeline to transport said oil to other markets.


Judging by how the Transmountain pipeline is going, there won't be any refineries being built anytime soon in Canada.
It won't come to either.  Trump says anything that comes to mind and it's a shitty mind.  His bullshit is not really that threatening anymore.  The rest of the world just circumvents his nonsense and we'll do it again to ensure a stable trading agreement.  Just nod and smile and carry on.
This is the thing. Most people of all political stripes in Canada can't stand trump, and can't stand his bullying attempts. Walking away from NAFTA at this point, even if it cost a lot of auto sector jobs, would likely not hurt Trudeau... Hell it may give him a boost.
You’re comparing places with massively higher population density as comparators. Canada spends that much because they lack the economies of scale to let their dairy industry flourish without intervention. We have supply management because of repeated supply issues, not because we like giving money to farmers, but because we like having half and half for our coffee.

We pay a fuckton more for our telecom services for the same reason, the population density demands a lot more capital investment to service fewer customers per installation.
This isn't true at all. 

What are you talking about? What makes our dairy industry so different from any other industry? This isn't telecommunications where we need to setup a network of cows every 100 meters apart all throughout Canada.

Also, you're wrong about the telecommunications companies as well. The reason we pay more is because our government passed legislation that prevents non-Canadian owned companies from competing essentially cementing an oligopoly that operates as a cartel.
Well of a hundred years of trade relationship with the US before there ever was a NAFTA.
As someone who designs and deploys infrastructure, no, the problem is the cost of capital investment against the customers each of those installations services. Since most of those customers are forestry, oilfield and trucking customers, they also require significantly more coverage than a lot of other countries have. Not many other places spend the money to light up wilderness. The woods in Alberta have better 4G than most of California does if you’re a few feet outside a major center. 

That’s also why our dairy industry is managed: it’s a very capital intensive farming operation. And there are a handful of centers with density to support dairy without intervention, but yet, all those hamlets and random villages in the middle of nowhere still get to vote, and get pissy when dairy makes their paychecks disappear faster. It costs money to transport all that supply to places where there’s not a huge customer base to support it. So, when prices go sideways, guess who isn’t getting served? 

Part of the reason why Canada is scattered as much as it is, is because in my grandparents lifetimes, we gave large tracts of land to people in the middle of nowhere to settle. That means a lot of tiny, single family, sized hamlets spread evenly across a whole fucking ton of nothing. Compare that to Europe or most of the US, and  you’ll quickly realize why it costs us more.
Do these people only live on dairy? How does every other food product get to their grocery stores? What a ridiculous thing to say.

And no, it's not the size. Australia is roughly as spread out as Canada and has a smaller population yet their prices are half the prices Canadians pay. The reason is that our telecommunication companies have a government legislated oligopoly that has been given the freedom to operate as a cartel.
Australia has a little ring of population around the edge, and not much of anything in the middle. They don’t have forestry or oil for the most part in the interior. Nobody is lighting up the country side with infrastructure. There’s a few areas with service and nothing in between. 

Most other grocery staples don’t require the same level of climate control that dairy does. It’s also bulky and heavy, because it’s largely water. Vegetables don’t turn if you lose climate control for a few hours. 

I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but produce is really fucking expensive in Canada most of the year. That’s because it’s trucked in from California and Mexico. Imagine how much more expensive dairy would be if we did the same? We’ve learned, as a country, the hard way, more than once, that when you lose your farmers and run short on supply, governments feel the pressure. Otherwise we wouldn’t have built a system to manage it, and wouldn’t have defended it during the original nafta negotiations.

Summary:
I wrote that "abrogation of NAFTA would hurt our economy ...".
Finally, the U.S. sells about $750 million annually in dairy products to Canada, whereas Canada sells about $160 million annually in dairy products to the U.S.
It’s would wreck our economy.
Plus, what's free trade about supply management?
So ya, if you want to talk about "free trade" in dairy, let's talk about what is really going on in "free trade" in dairy.
Imagine how much more expensive dairy would be if we did the same?
I would rather no trade deal than a lousy trade deal.
https://www.statista.com/statistics/194937/total-us-milk-production-since-1999/http://www.dairyinfo.gc.ca/index_e.php?s1=cdi-ilc&amp;s2=aag-ail

Canada's dairy subsidies are absurd.
So I don’t think is hyperbole to say it will wreck our economy.
That’s because you have no idea what no trade deal means.
What makes you think that business would end because NAFTA might cease to exist?
Canada is a resource based economy that primarily exports to the US.
What is this TPP and China stuff?
Canada has ammunition to hurt America more than they would hurt us over the long-term.
Steel tariffs have also been implemented outside of the existing NAFTA agreement.
