Original Response:
Title basically says it all. I have a group of friends who I met back in high-school. We're all really close and get along quite well. They seem to take pride in going out drinking and staying up late when they work early the next morning. I'm quite the opposite - I'm a nurse and need to be fully attentive during my job. If I work the next day I'm usually in bed by 11 at the absolute latest.




Lately I've been getting flack for not wanting to go out on weekends that I work. I usually work one weekend a month, however we're short-staffed so I've been working every-other weekend and not seeing my friends very often. Weekends off I love going out, hitting up pubs / parties, meeting new people but they seem to be getting increasingly annoyed when I stay in on weekends I work. Today, for example, I ran into a friend when I was running errands after work. She asked why I didn't go out lastnight and I told her that I worked early today. Her reply was "So? I worked at 730 this morning and I was out until 330 lastnight!" as if it were some sort of achievement. 




**TL;DR:** Starting to feel like I'm growing apart from my friends. Am I being silly?
[deleted]
Construction, housekeeping at a hotel, etc.
Try asking them how'd they'd feel if they went to the hospital and their nurse was hungover
nice. thats a good way to put it
Explained right there. They can literally autopilot through the day.
So... probably nobody is going to die on their watch because they're hungover or drunk?

You probably won't want to say that in essence is the difference.  Their work isn't less important- it just has less horrendous consequences if they make a mistake.  That's probably how you want to explain it too.

Something along the line of 'I'd never forgive myself if I made a mistake that hurt someone'.  Follow it up with saying you feel like crap when you go all out and joke about getting old or something about 'what would you think of a nurse with barf breath/beer breath'.  You could even honestly say that you could be fired for risking the lives of patients by showing up drunk.

If they're really friends they'll understand.
Can't someone die in construction?
Honestly, they can, which is why this boggles my mind.  I wouldn't want to be working on site with someone that compromised who is potentially operating dangerous equipment.
Happens all the time though. There's a lot of drug and alcohol use in construction. Sometimes crews put up with it because they don't want to lose time on a job cause the guys show up hungover.
Almost everyone I've known in construction goes to work on coke and drunk.  Scary stuff.
&gt; If they're really friends they'll understand

Something tells me OP is gonna have to move on from these people because they should already understand.
Yeesh. Construction is a job where I'd think you'd want to not be hung over so that you don't, you know, accidentally kill yourself.

&gt; Her reply was "So? I worked at 730 this morning and I was out until 330 lastnight!" as if it were some sort of achievement.

She sounds like an idiot. That stuff isn't cute or funny. I would go with something like, "Good for you" and refuse to engage.
To be fair, the construction worker is an idiot because they're more likely to get drug tested at work and more likely to get injured on the job
Construction workers almost never get tested unless it's after getting hurt. I agree that they could injure themselves if they aren't 100%, but it really depends on the construction. He could just be laying cones down for all we know. I will say that his behavior is typical for most construction workers I know. They usually like to work hard, play hard.
[removed]
Wait, how do drug tests and drinking relate to this post, though? Yeah you can be drug tested (pre-employment is a given, but all subsequent tests are AFTER an injury or accident, not before), but no one is gonna give you a breathalyzer unless you give some serious suspicion.

Source: worked in construction for 2 years.
Yeah I know the I often functioned amazingly on sleep deprivation like that when I was in my 20s.  Kinda tiresome now though!

Summary:
Lately I've been getting flack for not wanting to go out on weekends that I work.
If they're really friends they'll understand.
That's probably how you want to explain it too.
I would go with something like, "Good for you" and refuse to engage.
I worked at 730 this morning and I was out until 330 lastnight!"
Can't someone die in construction?
