Original Response:
Just listened to this on abc news radio on the way to work. They had morrison's 2GB interview, they interviewed a guy from the business council who was rabidly in support and... then the piece ended. 

Fuck that fair and balanced coverage, eh?
It's amazing. The Libs want to destroy the ABC but the ABC sometimes does not even attempt to at least be balanced, with a change in government likely at the next election. Talk about working against your interest.
Huh? 2gb isn't the ABC EDIT apparently i can't read
He was listening to the ABC... who played 2Gb's interview and then didn't provide any balance, making it seem like the ABC was doing a hit piece on the Government.
well i just went onto scotties facebook page to express my disapproval but was unable to comment? does this mean he's blocked me? hardly a democratic thing to do?
Ugh, yep, that one's on me. Didn't read properly. Cheers :p
ABC board stacked with ex news ltd / IPA people
Yes. Modus operandi. Once you speak out you get blocked. Free speech is only for some.
Yeah, notice in 2013 that they became pretty pro liberals when it was obvious they would win the next election, so in theory they should be pretty pro labor now since it's obvious labor are going to win.
Sounds like the spill: Turnbull caved on the NEG, gave them everything they asked for... and they still used it as justification to flip him. Opposing them is seen as defiance, capitulating is seen as weakness. The only thing the conservatives want is total control, it's not even about policy. Giving them what they want just results in the goalposts being moved.
&gt; The Libs want to destroy the ABC 

Mate they succeeded with that ages ago.
&gt;Sounds like the spill: Turnbull caved on the NEG, gave them everything they asked for... and they still used it as justification to flip him. Opposing them is seen as defiance, capitulating is seen as weakness. The only thing the conservatives want is total control, it's not even about policy. Giving them what they want just results in the goalposts being moved.

Fuck this in an insightful but scarily accurate comment. The thing is the conservatives not only don't represent broader Australia, they don't even represent the majority of the Liberal party. Bunch of bullies aided and egged on by the massive over-representation they have in the media, and the fact that those with the loudest and most extreme opinions, can often over-shadow those who are more moderate.
Not to say they won't, but the general rhetoric around the last several elections has consistently been that Labor has it all but sewn up due to LNP ineptitude.

We all know how that's turned out.
Sorta like the Tea Party in the U.S.
Murdock über Alles.
Not sure if this is entirely fair - newsradio drip feeds stuff as they receive it. I'd be surprised if they didn't end up with a CFMEU or ACTU quote throughout the day. Newsradio's style is factual reporting, as in "this issue is happening right now and currently we have this quote, more as the story develops".

RN breakfast/drive/AM/PM is what you want if you're after actual depth analysis. Fran Kelly and Patricia Karvelas are not exactly soft interviewers.
I thought about that too. It would make the most sense, as it was 'breaking news'... they had the quote, and one person lined up at short notice. 

But the wider context must not be ignored: the primetime listening slot on the national news broadcaster (that is, the only slot that most people who are listening are likely to hear) included no counter-point or reply to the idea, only an interview with someone who was extremely pro-that thing. It's the radio equivilant of putting the 'for' case on the front page, and putting the 'against' on page 14, the next day. I'm quite certain the CFMEU would have had quite a few staff avaliable to immediately jump on the phone, were they asked for comment... I can't imagine any scenario where they wouldn't jump at the chance for a right-to-reply. 

Leaving it as one argument 'for', and no effort to include an 'against'. Thus, a bias was created for the audience.
I don't really disagree with you, but also Patricia Karvelas had the CFMEU national secretary, Dave Noonan, on RN drive tonight for a decent length interview. I'd argue that RN drive is the ABC radio's flagship news program and they got him on in the juicy 6:30 slot
Fair enough then, point taken. Still there are major issues, but it's better than nothing at least.
Last several elections...? I don't know what you were listening to, that's not the rhetoric I saw.
[deleted]
what? the last election commentary was labor had a chance but it was a hard ask from such a low start point. the time before they didnt really have a hope and got trounced. the time before that they had a solid fight on their hands and we had a hung parliament and before that was the rudd landslide that they had 'all sewn up'
Turnbull giving a furious drunken speech over almost losing an easy election? First term governments almost never lose reelection.
[deleted]
CFMEU have no one to blame but themselves. If you are going to act like a mafia/bikie gang then be prepared to be treated like one.
Having your children holding up a sign are are really signs of acting like the mafia or bikie gang and are grounds for de-registration. Ok then.
Careful, the CFEMU social media agency is in full swing here. No opinions allowed, except for those they allow.
I'd say the same for the anti-union crybabies who think they deserve a full platform with no pushback
Heh - my history has no union content in it whatsoever. But I think it's a dickhead move to attack a union because a guy wrote a swear on some paper near his kids and tweeted a photo.

If there were no unions and dads were being killed due to dodgy corporate safety practices, would there be this type of outrage?

Not by you, right buddy?
I'm talking about their actions in general, not just this incident. They have quite the reputation.
Upset much?
But that's not true at all?
"no different opinions allowed!" you whine as the thread is littered with bad opinions straight from the Murdoch rags.

When are you and your fellow travelers going to understand that having your opinions rejected is not the same as not being allowed to have them in the first place? Not even being nationally published and broadcast can get the right wing talking heads to shut up about how "silenced" they are.
"Bad opinions"
What basis do you have for such a claim? I'd like to see receipts.

Summary:
The only thing the conservatives want is total control, it's not even about policy.
Giving them what they want just results in the goalposts being moved.
CFMEU have no one to blame but themselves.
Just listened to this on abc news radio on the way to work.
Sounds like the spill: Turnbull caved on the NEG, gave them everything they asked for... and they still used it as justification to flip him.
&gt;Sounds like the spill: Turnbull caved on the NEG, gave them everything they asked for... and they still used it as justification to flip him.
I'd like to see receipts.
Not by you, right buddy?
