Original Response:
I use Afterpay to buy things I can afford but would prefer to spread the cost out over.

For example, I bought my partner a Playstation 4 and the new Spider-Man game for her birthday. I had more than enough money to just go buy it no problem but I didn't want spent $529.00 all at once. So I spread it out into four $132.25 fortnightly payments. No late fees, no interest. Just automatically comes out of my bank.
Exactly! I get paid monthly (urgh) and AP is a great tool to use for myself.
Yeah. I get paid fortnightly and while I have a good amount of savings put away, I prefer not to touch if I don't have to, let that interest build up. But at the same time I don't want to go leaving myself short if something pops up between pays. AP let's me spread it out.

But I always make a habit of never having more than 1 purchase with them at a time.
I'm like the opposite of you:

If I can afford, I never borrow.

If I can't afford, I don't buy!


I never had debt problems
If you pay it back on time it's not a debt problem either. If you're financially switched on it can make more sense to use something like after pay, because there's an opportunity cost associated with paying the full upfront cost vs paying the same amount through instalments.
You sound like a fun person to be around:)
Your just paying money for a psychological service you don't really need. Even putting it on a credit card would be cheaper.
How? If there's no interest charged and he's paying on time he won't be paying more than he would be otherwise.
He's paying $27 extra.  That's equivalent to around 33% interest. 

They don't make money out of interest they make money out of this exact point, a lot of people don't realise that the payments have fees, or you could say interest?  included in them. Just multiply the payments.
So it's a free service? That's actually not so bad. I do the same thing but I have a spreadsheet that tracks my money and adjusts accordingly. 

Its useful for me but I can see how an external service would be better for normal people who aren't excited by elaborate spreadsheets.
Where did you get that from? Nobody in the thread above you said they pay extra. They don't charge interest and if you pay as scheduled they don't charge late fees.

Edit:
$529 is the cost if you pay upfront in full.
4 is the number of repayments (debited fortnightly)
He pays $132.25 fortnightly so it's the same price just split 
 across 2 months.

$529 ÷ 4 = $132.25
Ditto. I bought a bunch of board games and I spread it out despite having the ability to pay it more or less straight away.

People like us using Afterpay as it's suppose to be don't make Afterpay money. It's those that that don't budget that Afterpay makes money off.
There's no extra in my payments I'm making. The amount I'm paying on Afterpay is exactly the same as if I bought it in cash on day 1. 

I bought $290 worth of board games. There was additionally $10 shipping. My Afterpay payments are 4 * $75. IE, no charges.
Literally I do the same thing!!
If I'm spending tens of thousands on this app, then maybe it makes sense to pay in installments and use the money to hopefully generate more income than interest. But chances are, things I will purchase will this app will at most be a few hundred. So the benefit is negligible, I'd rather not bother with having to pay something back later when I have the full amount up front.
Customers don't pay any extra. Businesses pay a percentage to Afterpay on each purchases but if they're putting the price up to make up for that, they're doing whether you use Afterpay or not.
It's free to the customer. Businesses pay a percentage of each purchase to Afterpay. It's kind of like Layby except you get your stuff straight away.
Afterpay makes money off the businesses that they charge to use their service. Late fees are only $10 per fortnight. You'd have to be really late to go into massive debt with them.
Did you ever layby? Afterpay is the same as laybying something but you get your stuff immediately.
It's not a bad system when used correctly. The trouble is, many don't use it correctly. 

A quarter of their income comes from late fees, paid by people who haven't - and are often unable to - make payments on-time (the rest comes from merchant fees). So a huge part of their income is based on what *could* be described as benefitting from the vulnerable.

And the thing is, this isn't the same as say lay-by - because people *receive* and *must* pay for the goods. Another facet of the problem is Afterpay sits in a huge legal blackspot. It is technically not giving credit, so it doesn't have to adhere to responsible lending or consumer protection laws that would otherwise ensure it has to place literally any checks or balances on who it allows to buy these goods, or what financial circumstances they're in. e.g. what happens if they lend to disabled people? Desperate people? People who might not necessarily make sound financial decisions?

It's a problem that needs to be addressed.
They charge merchant fees, but also make money from large late fees paid by customers who miss payments.
Isn't it per transaction? Rack up a bunch of transactions and a vulnerable person *could* run into serious trouble. Not saying it's a bad system, but it needs to be brought under the umbrella of consumer and credit protections.
Yea same.  I’ve only used it for 2 things.  A high chair and a baby monitor.  We’ve got savings but we didn’t foresee wanting these things so instead of losing interest when pulling money out of these savings, it was easier just to put it on afterpay.  I’ve got a mate who uses it to buy shoes and clothes though.  I wouldn’t use it on anything personal
I feel like layby would prevent some amount of the impulsivity and instant gratification that Afterpay provides.
I've used it to buy a $300 jacket (because my work one got ruined and I needed it fast) and a pair of $250 joggers (because I could).
It could be. I've never checked. I only ever get one transaction at a time. There is a limit on how much you can use it for though.
That's a fair point. Sounds a bit like the uber stuff. Technology moving faster than the law.
&gt; It is technically not giving credit

How does this hold?  If they pay on the customer's behalf upfront, then collect from them later, that's surely credit regardless of any interest or lack thereof?
I believe the problem is that an amount of money isn't technically being given to the customer, who can then go out and buy goods. Afterpay is technically paying for the goods and requiring customers to pay them back, which is not how the law tends to define "credit". One consequence of this is Afterpay isn't required to conduct any sort of credit checks or due diligence because of that technicality - and given over 20% of its customers need to make late payments (attracting fees), more regulation is probably needed. As with may things, the problem isn't the people who use it responsibly, but the fact not everyone is capable of being responsible with this sort of credit (e.g. they can enter agreements with addicts, intellectually disabled people, people who are almost bankrupt etc). This also has implications for their investors - if they're not "lending" responsibly, it affects their investors.
You clearly have absolutely no f’in idea
Honestly curious, why? You have to pay the money anyway, so what advantage do you gain by waiting to pay?
Main reason is that most of my money goes into my savings account where it accrues interest. I only leave myself a small amount after bills and savings to spend on myself.

In the case of the Playstation, I could have taken the money out of my savings but why should I when I can leave it in there to keep building and just use a small bit of my play money each fortnight.

Basically i just find it more managable than a one off big lump sum.
So if noone used afterpay...
Then businesses wouldn't pay for it? Do I really need to spell that out?
Bought a house that way too?
Lol nope.

I've seen plenty of poor people push trolleys of toys into lay by during a June sale for their Christmas presents.
They might rent.
Initial $10 late fee. $7 dollars after that.
To be fair though, the interest is pretty insignificant. On a $500 purchase you're talking about gaining a couple of dollars in interest over the two months you're borrowing the money. 

Even in a fantasy world where you get 5% p.a on your savings, $500 over two months compounded daily is a gain of about $4 in interest, and that's not adjusting for the fact you wouldn't have the $500 in your savings for the full two months. Personally, I found Afterpay didn't really incorporate well into my money management methods, and was too much of a hassle to be worth that small of a gain (it'd be much easier to skip a coffee one morning). But if it works for you, more power to you.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
There's no special technology with afterpay it's just a legal grey area they are exploiting
Yeah I used afterpay all the time just to spread the cost of a purchase. I was never in a position that I couldn't pay it! It's awesome when used responsibly
where? 

my last afterpay purchase was $96. I have 4 payments of 24. I pay the exact same price as anyone else buying the item, i just pay for it over 4 weeks.
for me, i have used it for 3 things.

1 was return flights to melbourne for a wedding. I used afterpay as a sale was on and the prices were pretty good, so i locked in the prices.  The flights were paid off witin a month.

Next was an amazon echo spot for my bedside table. I had the money to pay cash but i want to build up a good rep with afterpay to build up my limit in case i need to travel again.

Last is a football shirt cos i wanted it :)
Would have if I had that much up front 😂
Which store did you get the PS4 from? I wouldn't mind a Switch...
yup. I don't wanna pay $60 up front for a buzz lightyear costume for my mates party later this year so 4 sets of $15 makes me feel less like an idiot for buying it
I bought the limited edition Spider-Man PS4 Slim from Big W. I believe they also have Switches. Afterpay is only available on their online store, but you can walk in to pick it up.
I would argue that it's smart phones in this case. Afterpay in-store purchases require the smart phone app to be scanned. The same thing could probably be done with a plastic card but then that's not as easy as just downloading an app and putting your paypal in.
I get extras on my savings account if I make no withdrawals in a month.
I won't use ZipMoney. That has interest charges and much higher late fees.
Oh neat. Was this an online store?
Big W's online store.
So then it gets posted or do you pick it up from your local store?
Sweet, thanks
Either. I picked the PS4 up as I wanted to pick up a gift bag and card too.

Summary:
Afterpay makes money off the businesses that they charge to use their service.
Customers don't pay any extra.
It's those that that don't budget that Afterpay makes money off.
Literally I do the same thing!
Yeah I used afterpay all the time just to spread the cost of a purchase.
Businesses pay a percentage of each purchase to Afterpay.
I never had debt problems.
There's no extra in my payments I'm making.
So if noone used afterpay...
I have 4 payments of 24.
I believe the problem is that an amount of money isn't technically being given to the customer, who can then go out and buy goods.
I only ever get one transaction at a time.
They don't charge interest and if you pay as scheduled they don't charge late fees.
Your just paying money for a psychological service you don't really need.
for me, i have used it for 3 things.
That has interest charges and much higher late fees.
