Original Response:
Damn. He’s only a year older than me and he’s having to endure the kind of shit you associate with long, battered careers.

Between guys at 24 having PCS and someone as young as 27 having had advanced stages of CTE (Aaron Hernandez), it would make me insanely hesitant to let a future kid of mine enrol in a highly physical sport.
I can't find an article to back this up right now but I remember reading that for the first time ever the number of kids enrolling to play football every year in the states didn't increase like it had every other year since they started recording it

Parents don't want to deal with the injuries(and other factors like cost) are slowly pushing people away

Edit: http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/ct-football-youth-decline-met-20170904-story.html  here's one example
I'm not a dad yet but I honestly wonder if I'd sign my kid up for competitive hockey. I remember games that ended in brawls after guys got hit from behind and carried off on spinal boards and refs being completely powerless to stop it, and the number of guys so excited to impress girls in the stands that they'd goon it up over making the right play 10/10 times. I got out unharmed besides a clicky rib that I still need to pop back in every now and then but I don't know if I'd expose my kids to the same risk.
My son is due in a little under a month and it's something I struggle with. I did tae kwon do growing up and didn't start playing hockey until my 20's. I'm still back and forth about whether I'll sign him up when he gets old enough
I don't know if it exists but I think there should be a more beer league style of game for kids.  Like make two versions of A hockey, one with contact and one without contact.  I know in Toronto the levels are A, AA and AAA.  It's a low enough level that the kids there aren't trying to a have a future in hockey, but a high enough level where everyone is pretty good.

I would put my kid in A no contact without question.  Hockey is just a game, it's not worth the damage if you are only playing for fun
This is why I think north america will eventually catch the soccer bug. Its cheap to get a kid to play it, doesn't require absurd athleticism like basketball, and is much lower risk than most physical sports
I think all across Canada now house league hockey is non contact and competitive doesn’t have contact until Bantam.
That's how it works in Quebec. the A/B/C levels are non-contact (you can play the body quite a lot at higher levels, but no outright hitting), while AAA/AA/BB/CC are full contact. I don't think CC exists anymore, it did when I was playing but was such a complete and total shit show because it attracted awful players who just wanted to play contact.

I played high school hockey (separate system, but full contact from "midget junior" and up) but went back to A afterwards. I had a lot more fun in A than I did in high school hockey with all the headhunting. The guys who weren't great but wanted to fight mostly played BB, so besides the occasional team with guys who lived to goon it up in A it was pretty fun.

For what it's worth "junior A" in Quebec definitely isn't what it means everywhere else, but the caliber was pretty good. Almost our entire team was guys who played double letters when they were younger but were in university or working and didn't have time for 4x a week anymore.
That sounds much better than what we had.

When I was younger in Toronto only the two lowest levels, house league and select, were no contact.  Everything else was contact

It's a big part of the reason I quit when I was like 15
I had no idea it was that different in Quebec. I played AA in Ontario and as a small dude some games were tough. I loved playing it but given the vast difference in size between myself and other kids at 14 it woulda been nice to have an option of no contact but still high skill level.

My only option for that woulda been to play house league and I for sure wouldnt have had as much fun only playing once a week.
Yeah I used to play in BC and the formatting was three - four tiers of rep hockey A1 being the highest and A3/4 the lowest. There was also a lower tier called house hockey where it was zero hitting and hits/hits to the head varied from 4 minute or 10 minute penalties which drove down hits significantly. 

I used to ref a lot of games and the only time hitting was somewhat dangerous was when it was introduced in Pee Wee hockey (grades 6-7) only because some kids where way bigger than others just cause of growth spirts and their coaches didn’t teach them how to take a hit. 

At least where I played all parents and kids knew how dangerous it was to hit from behind or head shot so it didn’t really occur. I think it’s best in my opinion for coaches to explain how damaging it is health wise to cheap shot.
I read something about how the volume of subconcussive hits contributes more than a handful of concussions. Heading the ball has been found to contribute too.
You'd be correct. That'd why the US program banned headers for children. That being said, headers are quite avoidable. As long as the ball is on the ground, there is not a lot of risk to the head aside from 50/50 plays. The main risk is leg fractures and knee issues
I was just thinkin of how many times guys head the ball just juggling and practicing. When u head the ball in the game ur more at risk to collide, that would be my main concern.
No one likes you when...
Yeah that is what I meant by 50/50s. It is a concern, but nobody is ever really intentionally trying to run you into the boards or something
You're not wrong to feel that way, but Hernandez's issues were also compounded by using hard drugs
Luckily for me I only played 1 year of HS football. I remember tackling and scrimmage drills where you'd go "heads up" to a teammate and try to get through them. I got paired with the biggest linesman we had and I remember the whistle blowing and then coming to, laying on my back staring at the sky. Would not recommend playing football for kids.
&gt;Its cheap to get a kid to play it,

Unfortunately, this isnt fully true. Soccer in America is very pay to play.

https://www.forbes.com/sites/bobcook/2018/07/16/whats-killing-youth-soccer-in-america-is-also-hurting-most-every-other-sport/#39cfa79d1ea8

“High burnout rates from pushing children into travel soccer too young as well as the high costs of programs have also contributed to the lower numbers. ...

The exodus of players in youth leagues has drawn recriminations over clubs and leagues that have pushed and profited from a “pay-for-play” model that has turned off parents and kept out talent from poorer, underserved communities.”

I’m a soccer fan, but until we can fix youth development America will always have issues growing the sport.

There are too many talented kids that are left off the pitch because their families can’t afford the insane amounts a cash needed to participate in travel leagues. One of the reasons I dropped soccer. 

Plus it does hurt how hard it is to move up in coaching levels for youth coaches.
Soccer is nowhere near cheap in NA. If you wanna play for a good team your gonna be paying a few thousand for a spot on the roster and training. I think I saw it's actually the second most expensive sport in America other than hockey
You're 23!
I know that, I was saying to take them out in the park for a casual kick around with friends, not actual rep play. You can pay a lot if someone is that comitted, but its really cheap to simply play with friends or something
It's been happening for the last few years. I'm a middle school football coach for fun on the side and to give back to the community and our numbers have declined drastically since I played for the team less than a decade ago. I played in the program for 4 years and had 60 kids on the team every year. Now we have 22, and that was a miracle, next year will be even less. There are teams in our conference with 16 guys and that's it. It makes things tougher for the coaches and the players. 

We are really trying to promote safety and proper hitting technique, but concussions still happen. Last year we had zero, this year so far we've already had two. It just sucks
You're right. I have played soccer (never played rep however) and I had a rep tryout that I could have made if I wasn't 8 days too old and it was too expensive. However, I was able to just head to the park and play with older kids and I all I needed was a pair of shoes. Its possible to play a decent quality of soccer (especially in an immigrant rich city like toronto is) and still feel challenged. Of course, others can be in an area where this isn't an option.
This is hilarious. I didn't realize US soccer banned heading up to a pretty decent age. Having to be 14 to head a ball in a game imo is ridiculous. What happens if a player does head it in the box to clear it, is play stopped dead?
No idea. I think its a good thing, we know that children's brains are developing and constant headbutting of a ball is not healthy for them, much more so than adults.
That's how I got my first concussion. Routine play with a ball in the air and next thing I knew I was on the ground and couldn't open my eyes without getting a headache.
Maybe any time they start running too fast the refs should call the play dead in case they fall down too. I haven't looked at the mentioned study's so maybe this is a much bigger deal than I've thought. Just seems overkill.
Its not. We go through brain development until the age of 25. Repeated impacts of anything to the head, no matter how minor will have an effect down the road. Its magnified when the brain is in its early stages (like being 14). Think of your knees being shot after 20 years of playing soccer w/o any major injuries to the knee at age 30. Its the same for brain injuries, but much more detrimental to everyday life.
I understand the significance of possible injuries down the road it's just tough to relate to sometimes. I did play soccer for nearly 20 years and seems like such a significant change that I don't totally agree with.

I like the idea of it being researched more but which studies are you looking at? I've skimmed over the acta neuropathologica article and it definitely sounds concerning. At the same time they looked at 13 retired professional players  and 1 amateur. I think its fair to say that professional athletes put more damage on their body but maybe they Adress that later on. 
Definitely interested in reading more research but stand by it being a knee jerk reaction at least for now.
My 2 cents is to perhaps try and teach your son (or daughter) to play hockey the right way, or the morally correct way. Try to teach them to avoid playing in an overly physical or reckless manner and have them focus on becoming a more intelligent and skillful player. I’d imagine that within 10-15 years or so the sport will begin to move out of the culture that promotes brutal style of play
I got a few concussions playing when I was younger. As much as I loved playing the game amd I like watching I wouldn't put my kid in hockey or another contact sport.

Hockey is the sport that stuck with me but I'd put my kid in less dangerous activites and hope something sticks.
A knee jerk reaction is better than no reaction at all. We know enough about concussions and why they happen to say "OK, kids shouldn't be using their heads to play the ball". Its not really knee jerk considering what we do know, and its better to err on the side of caution, even when in the wrong
Probably an indirect free kick. Much like an intentional backpass picked up by the keeper. Penalties aren’t the only things taken from inside the box.
In my first year of high school I played rugby as a prop and due to my speed I was even used to run the ball near the end of the season. At the final game of the year, the other team got me in the head 3 times. Each and every hit getting worse than the previous one. Now after the first hit, I thought I should get off but decided against it for fear that I’d be ridiculed for being a baby. So I endured until finally the coach noticed it was far too much for me to continue. Even then I was still mocked for skipping out the next year on playing rugby. So I decided to play once more in grade 10. Game 2 of that year, I mess up my tackle and land head first into the ground. I quit right after that and got a lot of shit for it. 

Moral of the story is that the “tough man” culture can actually make things worse as when kids are younger they try not to follow their gut but rather what their peers impose on them. Those concussions fucked me up so bad for almost my entire teenage years. I would suffer chronic headaches and migraines, my memory became abysmal, and became easily irritable. 

To clear things up regarding the 3 hits, I was told by my doctor that it is very likely that all 3 were strong enough to cause a concussion.
The worst concussion I ever had was playing soccer at like age 12.  Me and another guy went after the ball, and somehow are heads ended up colliding.  We both got knocked out, I got up right away, the other kid lied on the ground yelling "my eyes I can't see!"  So not really sure what the answer the concussion problem is, when it can happen in any sport.
I put my kids in soccer rather than football or hockey. I love both of those sports and I'm still learning all the rules of soccer. I also had many arguments with my oldest because he wanted to play football. I finally told him that I'd rather he hate me than that I have to change his diaper again. I think he finally understood how serious I was; I'm still not convinced that he recognizes the danger of head trauma but he knows I was serious.
I played HS football for 3 years. Probably played through more concussions then I should have. Luckily our coaches taught us hand fighting over using your helmet as a weapon but the hits to the head still happen. It’s a collision sport. Definitely wouldn’t put my kid in full contact football...
At top levels, Sure, but at lower levels soccer is insanely affordable. Also I doubt hockey or soccer can get more expensive than tennis
Soccer is growing a ton here in Winnipeg
Yeah I agree. The main difference is that what you went through sounds like an unintentional 50/50 play. Hockey is just more high risk because contact is allowed. It can still happen, but it isn't as likely as hockey or football
While rep is expensive, its really easy to go to a park in toronto and find a bunch of portoguese guys playing soccer (especially where I live). Its also super easy to get a game of pickup going. We even managed to get a full field game going for free once.
Soccer is also really easy to find space to play in and there are plenty of parks in toronto where guys are running pickup games. You don't have to spend money on tons of gear and space like hockey to enjoy it.
Oddly enough cheerleading is the most dangerous high school sport....resulting in most injuries
On the upside, a lot of the physicality is going to be weeded out of hockey over the next decade or two. The end product will be a almost pure skill based game, which I for one think sounds pretty great.
Yeah the "man up" culture in the locker room can get out of hand. Again, luckily for me, my team and coaching staff were wise enough to recognize and defeat it. After my hit, the drill coach noticed I blacked out for a second and let me take the rest of the hitting drills off. Teammates also never gave me shit about it. If you can't play, you're not helping the team. Probably why my HS had a winning record that year.
It's a shame, playing football in high school was one of the funnest and most rewarding things I've done athletically. I don't know what can be changed about the sport; it's just inherently dangerous.
Anecdotal, but I think we already have. All of my hockey-loving friends grew up playing soccer except for 1 who played both. FIFA events draw big crowds in Winnipeg too.
Sure, but I'm talking brazil level love and passion for it where its part of the culture in brazil and many other places around the world. Somewhat like the way Canada is known for being good at hockey and having a great love for it.
I can sorta see that happening. Canada is starting a new semi-pro league (CPL) next April and there's lots of hype for it around town. With lots of immigration from soccer-loving countries it's getting a healthy following. I think for it to catch on as a cultural phenom we'd need our national team to make an impact, so it will probably take a few generations to get there.
It probably will considering that soccer has a high relatablity with fans. Fans want to go and play more and pretend what their favourite players are doing on the field. Its also quite easy to get into as well. The barrier to entry is low and space to play can be anywhere from an empty parking lot to a small enclosure in the local park
I don't understand this. Soccer isn't expensive in America, "Travel Soccer" is, which is the same for any "Travel" sports team. Solution? Don't play travel soccer.
Pretty much nothing is going to take concussions away completely, but we as youth coaches need to get rid of the tackling of the past and work to teach safer tackling methods to limit head contact. 

I've coached against coaches that coach and cheer for high hits and these "big hits" that hurt players. There really isnt anything cool about them when you have to help carry a kid off the field because he doesn't know where he is. 

I asked Jim McNally one time what we can do to lower concussions and he said remove helmets and play similar to rugby. He guaranteed guys wouldnt be flying around leading with their heads if they were not protected. A little extreme, but he has a point lol
This might be the best statement that needs to be said  to Hockey Canada.
BB isn’t contact anymore and AA doesn’t exist anymore, as it is now Minor AAA and Major AAA. Only AAA allows physical contact.

Summary:
Probably played through more concussions then I should have.
I put my kids in soccer rather than football or hockey.
I played HS football for 3 years.
It can still happen, but it isn't as likely as hockey or football.
I got a few concussions playing when I was younger.
Soccer in America is very pay to play.
That's how I got my first concussion.
Luckily for me I only played 1 year of HS football.
I quit right after that and got a lot of shit for it.
Hockey is just a game, it's not worth the damage if you are only playing for fun.
Hockey is just more high risk because contact is allowed.
Would not recommend playing football for kids.
At the final game of the year, the other team got me in the head 3 times.
It's been happening for the last few years.
I know in Toronto the levels are A, AA and AAA.
I would put my kid in A no contact without question.
Also I doubt hockey or soccer can get more expensive than tennis.
The worst concussion I ever had was playing soccer at like age 12.
Soccer isn't expensive in America, "Travel Soccer" is, which is the same for any "Travel" sports team.
