Original Response:
Jesus was in the temple flipping over tables because of the desecration done to the House of the Lord.
Flipping tables was because of people turning a profit on religious services (i.e., selling small animals for ritual sacrifices). His words for those who harm children are a bit more severe:

&gt;But if anyone causes one of these little ones who believe in Me to stumble, it would be better for him to have a large millstone hung around his neck and to be drowned in the depths of the sea (Matthew 18:6 )
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
That's not what it's saying at all.  This is saying that anyone who claims that they follow Christ but is leading others astray would be better off punished by death than taking whatever punishment they rightfully deserve on earth.  It doesn't say *anything* about nonbelievers since they're not trying to do evil in the name of God.
[removed]
[removed]
Why bother replying if you're not going to even exert minimal effort and read the original scripture correctly? You're just here to proselytize your atheistic death cult.
If you study the context of Jesus' message, you'll find he was actually radically inclusive:  people that Jewish society rejected (Romans, Samaritans, lepers, tax collectors) regularly received his company and blessings.
[removed]
That is hardcore and I wish I’d seen this before
This has been removed. Language like this often results in a summary ban. I'm asking for other moderator input.
I mean, fair enough if you think that's too strong. That said, I mean, Jesus did say go throw yourself into the sea with a stone around your neck, which is arguably the equivalent of killing yourself. 

&amp;#x200B;

\*shrugs\* But hey, if we don't want to be overly reductive I'm fine with that.
Hahah classic. I come into this place and the first thing I see are bans over tough Scripture. What a pitiful den of miserable, weak people this is.
Out of curiosity, do you think he was referring to the ones “who believe in me” because the same didn’t apply to the ones who didn’t believe in him? Or because those just happened to be there at the time. 

Also, I always interpreted this as leading astray - hardly the same as directly harming them.
Umm, he said it would be better *to be thrown* into the sea. That's different.

Our zero tolerance policy on encouraging suicide is design for times when someone comes here asking for prayers and support. That doesn't match your usage of it. But please refrain from even telling that to hypothetical people, because there might be a depressed person who is guilty of such things here and take your advice to heart, and we don't want that.
Fair enough, noted.
It wasn't Christ who said, "If anyone causes one of these little ones who believe in Me to stumble, it would be better for him to be sent to a new parish where the parishioners will be none the wiser"?
Interestingly enough, the actual Greek word for "causes to stumble" is σκανδαλίσῃ - *skandalize*, which is where we get the similar word in English.

This word comes from σκάνδαλον (skandalon), which essentially [means](https://biblehub.com/greek/4625.htm) "to entrap."

&gt; properly, the trigger of a trap (the mechanism closing a trap down on the unsuspecting victim); (figuratively) an offense, putting a negative cause-and-effect relationship into motion.

Summary:
That's not what it's saying at all.
I mean, fair enough if you think that's too strong.
Umm, he said it would be better *to be thrown* into the sea.
