Original Response:
Transferred to new school, moved to new apartment complex on campus, meant for students. Not a dorm but similar (random roommate that is also a student). I'm on a one year lease that started in August, changing rooms is not an option. Luckily I have my own room with a bathroom and everything, but there is a shared living space with a kitchen.

Posted about this earlier, has gotten worse. Summary of the weird shit my new roommate did that I mentioned in that post:

----

1. First time I meet him, he invites me on a trip to Vegas within 15 minutes of meeting him. After that he started asking me a bunch of really weird/creepy questions about how to talk to women and how to get them to hook up with you

----

2. First day of me moving in he insists that I throw a party on Friday. I told him I don't want to, but he carries on acting as if this hypothetical party is actually thing, keeps on asking me about the plans and who I'm going to invite. I had to tell him 4 or 5 times that I'm not throwing a party. After that he insisted that I "at least invite 3 girls over."

----

3. Sometimes I hear him through the walls loudly talking to himself. One time I heard him shouting the same phrase over and over again for about an hour (no idea what he was saying, different language). Also, in general he has no social awareness and is super awkward to talk to.

----

4. Every Friday and Saturday night when I come home he is still up just sitting on the couch drinking alone, and every time he basically starts interrogating me on what I was doing that night. Not in a friendly way asking about how my night was, he sounds like a cop talking to a suspect, "what were you doing tonight!?" , and he keeps pressing for details.

----

Anyway last night he just went way over the top. I came home at around 130 AM and it was the same drill of him interrogating me about my night. I was clearly annoyed by him and not really answering, but I think he's pretty much just completely clueless. After that he started begging me come downtown with him just to walk around and "talk to girls." I had to tell him no 20+ times but he just wouldn't shut up about it, and would act all sad everytime I said no. He even told me that he would only go if I came with him. After repeatedly telling him no over and over again, he started to just make shit up to try to convince me to go with him. His lies were just so nonsensical and contradictory, I don't know how he actually expected me to believe this stupid shit. 

Anyway, at first I just thought this guy was socially awkward and annoying, but now he is actually starting to creep me out. Any advice for dealing with people like this ? Keep in mind that I'm on a one year lease, I'm stuck being this guy's roommate for another year, there's no way around that. I just have to figure out a way to deal with this guy. 

------

TL;DR: new roommate is socially awkward, annoying, and really creepy. Moving is not an option. Help.
As long as switching roommates is 100% not an option (and I highly encourage you to beat that dead horse on whether that's the case), here are a couple things you could try. Note: all my suggestions really suck for you but since your roommate isn't going to change his ways, you unfortunately will have to change yours. 

1.) ALWAYS keep your door locked to your room. When you sleep, when studying, when you leave. I'm not saying your roommate will necessarily do something weird but you want to protect your safe space as much as possible. If you don't have the key to your door to lock from the outside, ask your landlord. If you can't lock it from the outside, see what external locking options are available, install when your roommate isn't around, and just uninstall/patch the door to get security back.

2.) Get a mini fridge and hot plate (if allowed) or microwave/toaster oven for your room. In a college town you can probably find these things keep cheap on college Facebook pages or Craigslist. Eliminate the need to linger in shared spaces as much as possible.

3.) Don't invite friends over. You don't want your roommate trying to latch onto your friend group like he's done to you.

4.) Try to learn his schedule to avoid him. Don't obviously be a stalker about it but take note of when he comes and goes so you can get a feeling of what night's you can walk in casually without worrying about him and what nights you might want to hang longer at a friend's

5.) freeze him out. Sounds like you're doing this already by clearly telling him no. That's awesome. Continue with that and keep interactions very surface. Don't talk really about what's up with you and then bounce as soon as you can. If he follows you, say yo dude really gotta study and stop engaging till he gets bored.

Honestly, writing this out I feel like this sounds kinda extreme. Maybe others will support less ride or die methods, including yourself. But whatever you do, just try your best to focus on you and your studies. Good luck!
This!   I have a friend that was in a similar situation at college for a year.   He lived locked in his room the whole year because the roommate was a creep.
[removed]
Did you read what OP said? Talking it out isn’t and hasn’t worked.
For someone so condescending, you aren't very good at direct confrontation. Adding, 'Would that be okay?' and 'Cool?' gives the roommate a choice in a situation where he does not have a choice- OP is setting a boundary, which is non-negotiable and doesn't require the roommate's input. 'Do you understand?' is appropriate, since the roommate seems to have trouble with boundaries, but even that is a little wishy-washy.

All of this is irrelevant, though, as OP stated that he HAS directly addressed this with his roommate over and over again, and that it isn't getting through to him.
I'm not sure if that would work with someone who is repeatedly being told 'no' point blank and ignoring it.
Hey Grampa Simpson, maybe before pointing the finger at “us kids” on Reddit and tinder, you can delete both yourself you grey-haired hypocrite.
THIS COMMENT! Have had tons of crazy roommates and the best thing you can do is keep your door locked, keep anyone you bring over away from him, and just keep on saying no.
I wasn't replying to the OP. 

And in any case I can't see where OP says he'd had it out with the guy. OP appears to be avoiding exactly this.
[removed]
You say that us kids have no idea on how to communicate in real life. But did you actually read it? The roommate really isn't somebody you want to talk to. This can easily escalate. Just read how many time's OP had to say no to certain things. A talk out won't work.
How is fucking some old, crusty right-wing douchebag with their weird uncle’s politics any better?  Are there a lot of millennial women with a fetish for waiting thirty minutes until the viagra kicks in?
He needs to stop saying no over and over. Say no once and then leave the conversation.
I have read it. There was a suggestion he said no repeatedly to various questions. 

That is not the same as telling a person in no uncertain terms why their conduct is unacceptable in the hope it might change. 

That was my suggestion. 

Clearly the roommate doesn't 'get it' and is missing the subtle hints.
I think I forgot to respond to thank you for your advice, but it's much appreciated!

Yesterday I spoke with someone who works at the housing office and she is going to send word to the leasing manager, sounds like there is a decent chance of transferring rooms
Thank you! It's not like I haven't tried to deal with him in a reasonable way, this guy is just completely clueless and impossible to talk to. At this point I just want to transfer rooms because this guy makes me feel extremely uncomfortable
Yeah they can definitely do something about it , don’t let them fob you off! Everyone has the right to feel safe in their own home
This is EXCELLENT advice! Spoken like a person who has had truly terrible roommates lol

Summary:
I just have to figure out a way to deal with this guy.
I had to tell him 4 or 5 times that I'm not throwing a party.
He even told me that he would only go if I came with him.
The roommate really isn't somebody you want to talk to.
ALWAYS keep your door locked to your room.
He lived locked in his room the whole year because the roommate was a creep.
I have a friend that was in a similar situation at college for a year.
He needs to stop saying no over and over.
I'm on a one year lease that started in August, changing rooms is not an option.
Moving is not an option.
