Original Response:
As has been asked in other threads:  why is he not facing any sort of criminal charges yet?  What he did appears akin to pointing your gun at a competitor at a shooting competition to throw off their game.  The guy is a piece of shit.  Strip him of any past titles too.
He's going to spend the rest of his life waiting tables at whatever the Italian equivalent of Olive Garden is. That's a better punishment.
The hard rock cafe
The Rain Forest Cafe. It's electric.
Turns out he will be selling hammers and nails...

*'ROME - After seeing all the doors of the World Championship closed in the face, this time it is Romano Fenati who takes a step back and announces his intention to abandon the racing world. In an interview with Repubblica, the centaur from the Marche told his madness and his intentions for the future: " With the championship I have closed. I will never run again. It is no longer my world. Too much injustice. I was wrong, it's true: I apologize to everyone ".*

*EXPLANATION With these words Fenati made his debut in the interview, and then went on to try to explain the reasons that led him to act in this way: " Do you want to see my helmet and suit? There is a long black strip: the Manzi rubber. He attacked me three times and he too could have killed me, as you say. The last time he had done it 500 meters before, so I thought: now I do the same, I show you that I can be "bad" like you. And maybe you'll finally understand what it means. But I never thought to hurt him, I swear. " While on the future he explained: «For a while I will work at his grandfather's hardware stores, with him and his mother. After all, I already did it. And then, I have a project in Ascoli: but I prefer not to talk about it. If I miss the races? I have always come on the track to win. To be Romano Fenati. But I realize that nobody cares about me, about what I'm suffering. So, better say goodbye. Forever.'*
Just read that on their website as well. No sympathy for him.
Should be attempted murder or something like that. I think another thread said they were going 130. Don't know if it's mph or kph but still super fast either way.
The fact that he's openly implying that he thinks people should somehow feel pity for him makes him even more sub-human scum.  Hope his grandfather's customers don't realize that he is employing this piece of shit.
I feel personally attacked. McCafe would have been appropriate.
Jesus. I remember loving that place when I was like 12. I forgot that was a thing

Summary:
I will never run again.
After all, I already did it.
I forgot that was a thing.
If I miss the races?
