Original Response:
This is how legends are made baby
Yep, beating a fighter whose best win came from a misunderstanding of replay rules. 

Downvote me all you want mother fuckers. Gegard lost all but a minute of that fight.
[deleted]
Even if for whatever reason you discount the Weidman fight, Gegard Mousasi  has wins over Dan Henderson, Jacare Souza, Vitor Belfort, OSP, Mark Hunt, Ilir Latifi and Thiago Santos amongst others. He’s legit.
I fucking love gegard and he's legit. I'm rooting for him hard this weekend. I was rooting for him against weidman....but... that was the ghost of hendo and the ghost of vitor. Jacare was a lucky upkick and he got choked out a few years later. Osp is osp, and latifi is latifi. Just lhw things. Thiago hasn't improved in years. He got choked out by Erick fucking spicely his next fight. His best win is probably schlemenko or hall.
what the fuck?

did you miss when Mousasi upkicked Jacare **in the face** and won by KO?

that shit was amazing.
And he got fucking guillotined by Jacare. I'd pick Jacare to beat gegard tomorrow.
Dude move away
How is that his best win, seems like you just dont like gegard cause all you know of him is that fight
"I fucking love Gegard" 

...proceeds to explain why all of his notable wins should be discounted and aren't legit
I literally go through all of his wins later in this thread.
Yeah, I can like someone and be honest.
I mean.. there's not a ton of shame in getting submitted by one of the best submission artists in the known universe.
I'm aware. But... when gegard was losing every second of the first fight with Jacare except for the upkick, and then got finished in the rematch, that win doesn't mean much.
Doesnt answer how you think this is his best win, jacare is probably his best win, you say he got lucky, i think thats silly
&gt; His best win is probably schlemenko or hall 

He lost to Shlemenko if you go by media scorecards too
Weidman was fading and getting pieced up before he tried to game the rules. Regardless of how it actually ended that finish was coming one way or another.
Gegard is legit man, but unfortunately he's also inconsistent.
You and manatee gotta do the Schaub files pt. 3
Yeah. We've been talking about it. I just started my doctorate, so finding time has been challenging. And u/causedmanatee got hit by a boat propeller, so he's been recovering.
Are your parents disappointed that you've never been hit by a boat propeller?
The Red Panter
He finished Weidman fair and square.
[removed]
It’s funny cuz the Moose fanboys will dismiss Hall’s fluke win against Mousasi, when almost the same situation happened with Mousasi and Jacare

Summary:
Osp is osp, and latifi is latifi.
I fucking love gegard and he's legit.
And he got fucking guillotined by Jacare.
His best win is probably schlemenko or hall.
