Original Response:
[It is really interesting how the different religious group representatives react](https://www.straitstimes.com/singapore/youth-in-singapore-shunning-religion)
It’s 2018. 

We only need Science. Religion is just an obstacle to progress.
[deleted]
You don't need religion to have morals.  
Don't conflate the two together
Science only tells us what is or how something is, not what ought to be.
[deleted]
[deleted]
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secular_morality
People argue for secular morality. Where then, do you reference morality from? Like Science, where logical deduction is derived from a point of reference, morality needs a reference point.
Sending resources to the most productive members is not science at all.
&gt; If you think science will lead to a more liberal future, boy are you solely mistaken. Religion is only part of the morals and ethics in human history/cultural, but like religion, science can be taken to extremes.  

So far, throughout history, science has pointed to a more liberal future. Also, I am reading carefully. The line I quoted implies that Religion is a part of morals, which I dispute. Hence my comment on "Dont conflate the two together"  

Science alone isn't bad. Science is science. Morality is morality. Morality has nothing to do with science. Morality is a social construct, much like religion. Science is knowledge. And FYI, science does not dictate resources be directed to most productive or eugenics. People do based on their morals.
If you need religion to give you a moral compass, boy do you really need whatever deity you worship.

I have no affiliation to religion but I sure as hell don't go around committing theft,murder etc
If you think about it, there have been thousands and thousands of different religions throughout time. Civilizations with seemingly little to no contact somehow share many common morals despite having completely different religions.

You also have morals preached by each religion that are irrelevant and backward. What good is a "reference point" if you end up deciding what is right and wrong by youself/preacher. Imagine if you have a measuring tape thst never ever gives you the right measurements, would you still refer to its readings?

If youre truly interested in the topic, you can simply google secular morality
Thanks. I felt like I had too many IQ points .... But after reading this, I really felt them drain away.
I don't want to meet you in person if the only thing stopping you from doing horrible things is God.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm not sure if the Bible has ever said anything about eugenics.
"Civilizations with seemingly little to no contact somehow share many common morals despite having completely different religions."
What you just mentioned, the notion of "common morals", why do you think these morals are common? So you do agree that humans beings share a common moral compass?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Some very bad decisions in the past were made on the basis of religion as well, take stoning for blasphemy, for instance.  

You are right that science does need morality, but why must it come from religion? You did agree that not all morality and ethics come from religion, but keep in mind that doesn't mean the ethics that religion teaches comes only from religion.  

By the way, no one thinks "all religious people cannot function outside their belief system", that's the impression you're creating of you.
What? It is good to stop him from smoking because it will affect him/her adversely. There are no moral values here. Science just shows causality. You are supposed to make inferences. Science does not look at good or bad because it needs to be clear of bias. An example would be homosexuality. Science has proved that it is not a disease that can be cured. It is an aspect of who they are as a person. Most religions claim it to be a sin but science proved the facts behind homosexuality without thinking whether it would be good or bad to do so. Now people are inferring that homosexual people shouldn't be ostracized and homosexuality isn't a question of morals.
Religion has nothing to do with morality

Keep drinking that kool aid man
[deleted]
morality is just a hindrance towards the progress of science! for the future of mankind!
[deleted]
[deleted]
*"Rapture, a city where the artist would not fear the censor, __where the scientist would not be bound by petty morality__, Where the great would not be constrained by the small!"*

~Andrew Ryan
Hitler sure believed alot in eugenics..
Morals is just a set of social rules people follow so we don't fuck things up for one another, where cooperation is seen as a necessity to not make ourselves go extinct.

Morality is born out of the combination of selfish sense of self preservation and intelligence which logically concludes that small sacrifices made in for the purpose of cooperation in general leads to better rewards/survivability.

How do fairytale stories do that? By painting an unrealistic view of human nature?
South Park comes to mind.

Summary:
You don't need religion to have morals.
Morality has nothing to do with science.
You are right that science does need morality, but why must it come from religion?
Where then, do you reference morality from?
People do based on their morals.
People argue for secular morality.
Morality is a social construct, much like religion.
