Original Response:
[removed]
What about her half of the rent, utilities, wifi, food?   Are you laying it all
No, for now her savings have covered her halves of those. It'll be uhh interesting to see what she says a couple months from now if things continue like this!!
Interesting to see what happens when you two are married and she drains your savings.....
I don't understand. Why is everyone assuming that she's going to start using your money when hers runs out when she hasn't even leaned that way? She hasn't merged your accounts, asked for money, asked you to cover rent, etc. You said she had a career, perhaps she's burnt-out and wants to let her hair down for a few months, because she's saved for it and it's her money to do what she wants. She said she doesn't need to work *right now.* Not never, not bc you're getting married, not for a few year, *right now*. Why is everyone assuming she's going to make you her personal ATM??
My concern is regarding tenant laws in your state. This could get real ugly, very fast. She can stay and have rights even when the money runs out. The eviction process is brutal, my ex went through this. The woman pushed for an engagement within 5 months, quit/ got fired afterwards and moved in her chronically unemployed mother and brother. It took him about a year to finally get them all out of his house, that he just bought. She had the child, he got custody but only after her calling the cops to try and get him removed from his house, the courts obviously didn't find fault in his actions, she ended up losing her older child to the state over this. Some people will stop at nothing to find a smooth ride.
If in a few months she runs out of money and can't pay her half, what is going to happen? 'Sorry dear, I can't pay rent anymore..' will OP kick her out of the house? And if he does, this will be a massive guilt trip because 'how can he kick her out with no money and nowhere to go, didn't he see how difficult it has been for her the past months? '

If you love someone, it's really hard to go to that extreme, so the easier way is for OP to go like.. ok, I'll just pay for now, but you need to *promise* me you'll look for a job. And of course, she says she will, but nothing will come from it. That's how they'd slowly slip into OP becoming her ATM.
This changes things quite a bit. So she currently is still paying for her share. What's the problem with her taking a haitus from working if she can afford it? Maybe she isn't telling you the reason because you won't accept it, so she has to tell you roundabout reasons. 

Personally, I don't think this is as big of a problem until she is mooching from you, which she apparently is not.
So you know how much she has saved up? So you know how long her *right now* is? 
You don't know if or when she'll run out of money nor how she'll behave. If he kicks her out bc she isn't paying rent then that's just fine. No guilt trip, it's just numbers. 
And it doesn't seem like OP *would* 'pay for now,' hence why he's posting. You assume a lot of dishonesty from a lady you don't know. She seems to have no history of taking advantage of him so why would she start 'cashing in' now?
And so how much savings does she have?

You are ascribing negative intent to her. You insinuate that she intends to have you foot her bills -- despite the fact that she hasn't said anything to that effect and has instead been carrying her own weight.
OP already mentioned she has enough saving for a few more months. And I'm not saying any of this will happen, you asked what makes people assume she is, well, what I posted is the train of thought most people are jumping on when they comment things like 'she'll leach off on you once she runs out'.

Summary:
If in a few months she runs out of money and can't pay her half, what is going to happen?
And so how much savings does she have?
She can stay and have rights even when the money runs out.
So you know how much she has saved up?
