Original Response:
Somewhere in the last 18 months I changed health providers because I wanted to take advantage of the extras I was using (I regularly see an exercise physiologist and physio), I also wanted a hospital cover safety-net, so I elected for a $500 gap and thought that would be that.




In the last few weeks my GP sent me for a colonoscopy at a private hospital, that was when I found out bowel issues weren’t covered by my private health. No big deal, it was $1500 I didn’t think I would need to spend, but I wanted the check done ASAP and that’s what credit cards a for, right? That was when I discovered I had bowel cancer and was sent off to a surgeon; it was another private hospital, and I had put two and two together that the surgery also wouldn’t be covered, but after meeting the surgeon I decided that he filled me with enough confidence that I was prepared to pay to have the procedure with him - after all, I still had gap coverage, so my hospital stay would be covered.




Here’s where my understanding of private health came unstuck: because my surgery isn’t covered by my private health, the stay isn’t covered either. So while I thought I was covered for hospital admittance (after a $500 gap), it turns out to not be the case, and if the procedure numbers they give to your insurer aren’t covered, then none of the stay is covered.




The good news is the hospital was kind enough to make sure I chase this up before admittance, and I’ve now been referred to public where I will be seeing the same surgeon (yay), I just have to wait and see when they can fit me in.




This might all be obvious to those of you reading this, but everyone I’ve spoken to had a similar understanding to mine, and they’ve all taken it upon themselves to double-check the fine print of their cover. Myself, I’ll have to shop around because my diagnosis means a life time of regular colonoscopies (yay...) so I need to see if it’s worth having cover from this point on at all.




There you go, please learn from my mistakes.

.

Edit: thanks for the kind words, /r/Australia, apologies if I don’t get around to replying to comments directly. FWIW my prognosis is good - being caught early means I should avoid chemo or radiation, so many others have it much, much worse. I’ve actually found myself laying awake at night wondering “is it really cancer if I don’t need chemo?”

.

Please be proactive about your health, and please consider donating to Australian medical research :)
Private health insurance is a scam. Why are there private hospitals in the first place? You will get as good , if not better care in public hospitals, particularly teaching hospitals, which are crawling with Professors. My experience with an ill parent showed me that it is just too expensive to justify. All the add - ons are pretty much useless for most people and the annual fees are too high. Then there are the co-payments to consider.
Essentially for when you have a non - life threatening problem that you want fixed but the public health system either doesn't cover or has a long waiting list. E.g. Joint replacements, torn ACL, etc

Also inpatient psych stays
The irony is I work at a public hospital, and I hear about how good our public system is regularly. It’s helped stop me from panicking when my initial surgery was cancelled.
Thankyou for your service. :)

Maybe you’ve attended to me, seen me, or helped me navigate a hospital hallway.

:) keep being awesome for our healthcare system!
Agreed. I'm a nurse and I am yet to be convinced that private health is worth it.
Extras like dental and physio can be really beneficial for some people.
The general rule is that private hospitals mean more nursing staff cover, but fewer doctors. They are not as safe for sick patients. You definitely will get excellent care in Australian teaching hospitals, though, and there are only a few cases in which I would personally choose to go private.

Reasons to choose a private facility include:

* Long term stays for subacute patients. Staying in a public hospital for more than a month can be pretty rough.
* Being able to choose your surgeon, rather than being operated on primarily by a registrar.
* The aforementioned skipping of waiting lists for elective surgeries.
* It is, unfortunately, usually easier to admit to a private hospital than a very busy public hospital. Sometimes, to get a bed for a patient who is sick, but not sick enough to get a public bed when the hospital is bedblocked, private hospitals are the only way out of the deadlock. I've also had patients admitted under surgeons for scopes/operations on a (semi-)emergency basis when the public lists are full.
[deleted]
100% this. I have some cartilage damage in my foot which hurts - but it’s not worth $5k - $10k to get operated on privately, and a 2 year wait is annoying, but cost benefit - definitely worth waiting
Private psychiatric hospitals are world's apart from public psychiatric wards. Private is so much better.
I would double check the wording on the life insurance....most only pay out on either total permanent disability, or terminal illness.  I know mine will only pay out for things like cancer if you are diagnosed as having less than 2 years to live.
&gt;Also inpatient psych stays 

This.
Public mental health units are terrible in many cases. My PHI paid several hundred thousand dollars in hospital fees for my ex to be admitted (repeatedly, for extended periods) to a relatively nice private psychiatric clinic interstate - something we simply could not have afforded out of pocket. And they were able to provide a level of care and comfort that the public system could not.
If u really need psych inpatient services they will put u in straight up.

A good friend of mine could afford the finest psych facilities in the world. But when shit hits the fan for him it’s concord in Medicare and it is brilliant.
&gt; Being able to choose your surgeon, rather than being operated on primarily by a registrar.

How do you decide which one to choose or even know where to look?  I wouldn't have a clue.
It's cheaper to self insure. Put away the money you would have spent on PHI and have it there if you need it.

In the last 3 years I've had all 3 of my kids go in for surgery through the private health system. Paid for it all upfront with my savings.

I've done the sums and I'm still well ahead of where I'd be if I'd had private health insurance. By the time you factor in the insurance fees and the gap private health makes no sense.

Particularly when there's a public health system sitting there in the background.
It varies. Sometimes patients are adamant that they would prefer not to be operated on by a registrar (i.e. a trainee), and so they choose private more for that than surgeon choice. Sometimes people are recommended by their GP or referring specialist, or hear through word of mouth. Medicine is a small world and word gets around *quick* regarding who is a good specialist and who is not. Often your GP will know who is a particularly excellent consultant to refer to - they will have had previous patients with that specialist and know what to expect. This is particularly important for more specialised procedures and conditions. For example, only certain gastroenterologists know how to perform an ERCP, which is a special scope for examining the pancreas. Another gastroenterologist might therefore have to refer on and have them admitted under someone they would trust.

Some patients research on the internet. And some have a pre-existing relationship with a specialist and want to continue to be operated on by them, rather than being at the potential mercy of public hospital scheduling. Most specialists I know will make an effort for their existing patients to be the ones on the case, but it can't always happen in a timely manner depending on how the team operates in terms of dividing theatre, on-call and ward allocations.

Source: parents are GPs and I am a doctor working in a major hospital.
The comment may refer to trauma insurance.
Thank you for your considered response.
[deleted]
Idk about you guys over east, but I currently work on a public psych ward here in Perth and most of our morning meetings are spent trying to work out where to put people because there are no free beds in the whole state, and we have 6 people still in ED who have been there all weekend, and making a list of people that we could try and convince to go to a private hospital. Public mental health is very overworked and we're constantly having to raise the bar to be admitted.
Oh I fully understand. I am bi polar 2 and while I have been bad in the past ( fully medicated thankfully now) I have never been in true neeed of psychiatric inpatient services. I do have top cover private health insurance however if I was to require a psych stay there is absolutely no possible way for me to pay for it what so ever. Even 100 a day if it were so cheap and it is a hell of a lot more , is totally unaffordable for myself.

I am considering ditching the private insurance. I am using it heavily at the moment for a few injuries currently however I just can’t see the point. 

It also saddens me greatly that I know the people who truly need the help are the ones who cant afford to get seen if there are no beds , and the people like myself who need help on occasion but are not as serious as others will most prob never be able to get it.

I am lucky. I have a fantastic psychiatrist who works through the uniting church and sees me on Medicare. He has taken me from a drug and alcohol addicted , obese , unmedicated, unemployed man to a fit, sober , stable and have a small dog walking business where I work about 15 hours a week. I basically owe everything I have to him and his patience and benevolence. I was 31 when I first saw him and am 36 now. I didn’t start taking any medication until around 33 and didn’t find the right one until late last year. I stopped drinking 2.5 years back partly I believe as my mood improved and it gave me some hope however once we flipped through the drugs and found the winner I was able to stop drugs aswell and I am 11 months total clean now. 

Psychiatric treatment is an ongoing lifelong thing. If I had to pay for psych appointments I prob would never have gone in the first place and just ride out the storm that is my life. My gp could have handled me I guess if I sought treatment however the side effects from many of the medications and their combinations also created their own issues and I would not have the stability I have now ( which I have never had since I was a young teen) with out ongoing psychiatric care. 

There must be hundreds of thousands of people who need care and can’t get / don’t bother as its hard to find someone/ can’t afford and there fore their management is either non existent or through their gp and while my gp is again fantastic I and has treated me since I was a young child many are crap and not truly capable of managing illness of this type.
This is all very true, and also highlights why it is VERY important to vet your GP exceptionally well. All GP's are not made equal and do not practice to the same standard of medicine. A good GP can make all the difference as they are often the ones responsible for identifying serious problems early on and referring correctly. The majority are great, but many are complacent so definitely take the time to find a good one.
For a lot of people, it's simply cheaper to insure with a junk policy to prevent the Medicare surcharge.
Many specialists operate at "private hospitals".  Normally private health insurance only covers you for hospital stays or 'extras', but not for normal doctors' fees.  I recently had to have a gastroscopy which is about a 15 minute procedure, which you wouldn't think would be covered, but because it was done in a 'private hospital' I only had to pay the excess.
  
I still agree with you though.  The only reason I have private health is because my employer provides it, otherwise I'd just be flushing a few thousand dollars a year down the toilet.
It's honestly such a shit show trying to get affordable psychiatric care, and it makes me so mad. It's this weird jumble of government and non government organisations, which have certain catchments and certain conditions, or 8 month wait lists, and a decent amount of people fall through the cracks. Needs a serious overhaul and some $$$$
Aint nobody got time for that. Aussies just need a stick note out of a gp when they want it, nothing more.
Yeah, if you have a personality disorder. Not a serious debilitating mental illness like schizophrenia. Private hospitals are shit for this and don't accept these patients as they're 'too hard'. Also, private hospitals have terrible community follow up on discharge, unlike public.
[deleted]
As a student nurse and paramedic I've seen both sides. Public hospitals in my experience are significantly newer in construction and equipment... I was shocked to enter John flyn to find it appeared to be straight out of the 80's (I exaggerate, it was the back end of a night shift)... While perfectly functional and  good hospital you'll always Be hitting the major public hospitals if something goes seriously wrong.
Life insurance is also a scam. Savings with compound interest and a self insurance strategy is much better. Remember insurers are betting that you will live to 85 , when your policy matures.
You are betting that you die soon to receive the payout. It's a con.

Summary:
Many specialists operate at "private hospitals".
Private health insurance is a scam.
I am considering ditching the private insurance.
Private is so much better.
Life insurance is also a scam.
Staying in a public hospital for more than a month can be pretty rough.
Source: parents are GPs and I am a doctor working in a major hospital.
You definitely will get excellent care in Australian teaching hospitals, though, and there are only a few cases in which I would personally choose to go private.
Public mental health units are terrible in many cases.
I'm a nurse and I am yet to be convinced that private health is worth it.
Why are there private hospitals in the first place?
I still agree with you though.
Normally private health insurance only covers you for hospital stays or 'extras', but not for normal doctors' fees.
