Original Response:
Sorry if this is the wrong place to ask this.....just wondering on everyones thoughts. Been a while since i used anything but my griffin
This is exactly the place to ask!

For dual coil RTAs, some great options are the Hugsvape Lotus, Coilart Mage v2, Vandy Vape Kylin, Vandy Vape Kensei, OBS Crius 2 (dual), VaporUSA Reload, and the Steam Crave Aromamizer v2.  There are also excellent clones of the Reload from Kindbright and Mojia if $70 attys don't sit well with you.

I'd personally go for the Lotus, and generally consider it to be a top contender for best dual coil RTA of 2018 (so far).  It's a truly excellent flavor atty.
To piggyback on Slippaz's comment, the Kylin was a huge seller last year. The Blitzen by geekvape has a very similar build deck and doesn't have the same fuss of leaking if your cotton isn't *just* right. (Peoples mileage I understand has varied on this issue). I use the Blitzen as my daily driver and I am a major fan. You can pick it up for around $20-$40USD online.
Yeah the Blitzen's a fine choice, and pretty similar to the Aromamizer Supreme v2 (which you can get a postless deck for as well).  It's a tried and true design.
I haven't heard anything good from Reload clones users. Reload clones are leaking too often
Pretty sure that's generally user error, but it's always a risk with clones for sure.  That being said, there are a lot of favorable posts about the Kindbright here especially.  The Mojia's on par from what I've heard (from someone with an authentic and also a Kindbright).  But I haven't used that one myself so I can't speak to it further.
I haven't had any leaks on my authentic reload, I am even not a pro in wicking
Neither have I.  But it's pretty easy to make squat attys like that flood during refills, and it can take time for new owners to work through that.
Kindbright clone owner here, keep in mind that the deck is not gold plated, or the gold plating is extremely thin. On mine it was either never applied or has worn off, exposing brass underneath. It's been sitting in my drawer since I noticed the deck getting dark, and tasting... well, like brass lol.
I've gotten three reload clones, and returned all three. I only used one of them before returned it. I didn't have any issues with leaking, and the flavor was fantastic. I wish I could find a good clone because it's a great tank. I bought my three clones from three different vendors. Two appeared to be the same brand's clone, which looks like a Kindbright clone (came in a black box) but these two came with bubble glass installed and to my knowledge the Kingbright comes with straight glass. The other came in a multi colored box.

* First Reload (multi colored box) came with the very poor threading. I attempted to take off the top cap and after a quarter turn it got stuck and was cross threaded. I had to use two pairs of pliers to get the top cap off, and that chewed up the top cap and the chimney. It took ten minutes and a *lot* of strength to get it off. I spun the top cap back on and it went on easy, then I tried to take it off... cross threaded after a quarter turn again. Returned.
* The second came with a broken spare glass, and the grub screws were poor so the point where the included allen key didn't fit two of the screws. I used a carbon steal allen bit and a hammer to force a correctly sized key in, which allowed me to get a build on. I used this reload for two weeks but when I attempted to remove the grub screws for swap coils, one of them stripped out making the unit unusable, so I returned this one as well.
* Third one came and the airflow adjustment ring would not stay on the tank. It was so loose it would fall off if the tank wasn't attached to a mod. I was fed up at this point so I sent it back and I'm done with Reload clones.

I've had a lot of clones, and other than the Reload clones, I've never had an issue with any clone I've gotten. I'm done with trying to a get a reload clone, and I'm looking for a flavor RTA elsewhere.
The clones might have been too good actually lol. The Reload 1) has the worst topfill threading of any atty I've used 2) has very poor grub screws.

I'm joking about the clones thing obviously, but that is actually true of my authentic. Still a great atty though.
That definitely sucks, and thanks for sharing it. One way or another there are equally good dual coilers out, so I don't think there's a need to get a Reload clone in 2018.

Summary:
I only used one of them before returned it.
Reload clones are leaking too often.
I haven't heard anything good from Reload clones users.
I've had a lot of clones, and other than the Reload clones, I've never had an issue with any clone I've gotten.
I've gotten three reload clones, and returned all three.
