Original Response:
Strategically, Trudeau should definitely call an election now before Bernier can mobilize.
Mad Max coming through choo choo! As long as the media does such a poor job at labeling him he has a good chance of establishing his party as a contender.
that doesn't makes sense. Bernier's sole proposition is that he will bleed votes from the CP.
You're seeing a static picture.

You need to see the moving picture, and where it will be in a year's time.
which is... sapping support from the CONs. Bernier is a reason NOT to call an election now. There are other reasons in favor but Bernier isn't one of them
Trudeau wants Bernier to be mobilized..
My opinion is that if Bernier is given enough time to mobilize, given the strength of his grassroots support, he will replace the Conservative Party as the main challengers and could conceivably challenge for Prime Minister.
Ok... you have VERY rosy glasses. Bernier is not doing anywhere near the well, especially in only a year.
I hope that is his campaign haha
why don't you map it out for me?...
Either him or the Conservatives will end up further left than the Conservatives are currently (one of them will attract more right-leaning people, I don't believe either will end up more extreme than the typical Liberal-NDP paradigm), and that will bleed off blue Liberals voters (many of which contributed to the current majority government I believe)
Bernier has the grassroots support and political momentum on his side.

At first, they will struggle with funding and direction, but (owing to grassroots passion) will eventually reach a critical mass.

The moderate conservative will soon be asked to choose between the two parties.  They will recognize Bernier has a better chance of defeating Trudeau, and will start transition.

Some are worried about a vote split, but when you think about it, there aren't really that many "Liberal Conservatives".  Increasingly, this is how Scheer will be viewed.  Compounded by his pandering to supply management and unforgettable nature, he will eventually become a footnote.

Once Bernier emerges as the front runner challenger to replace Trudeau, debate will reach a critical split.  "Do you want more SJW pandering, or less?"

The current latent response to that question is overwhelmingly no.  But has not yet had the time to properly marinate yet as no Canadian politician as of yet has dared to breach that subject.

Until Bernier, that is.  

Trudeau wants to battle Scheer.  He will beat Scheer, because Scheer doesn't offer what the grassroots wants.  

Trudeau would rather not battle Bernier.  He might end up losing a crucial debate at a critical moment.  

I believe this is strategically why Trudeau should call an election now.  Put himself in the ring against Scheer, and avoid Bernier for now.

If he ends up in the ring against Bernier, he very much risks getting socked with a knock out punch.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I appreciate the thoughtful response.

I fear however that yours is a fundamentally flawed premise.

First, I don't believe Bernier expects to be a viable opponent of Trudeau in a general election. Rather, he has put himself in a position whereby, with just another seat or two, or even only his own, he can obtain a better position for himself by negotiating either with Scheer or Trudeau after the next election, depending on the results, playing one off against the other.

Second, the Conservative Party is now segmented three ways - those who either support or remain silent about Bernier, red Tories who eschew Scheer's appeasement of dubious radicals - racists, religious fundamentalists, and Machiavellian intellectuals - and who long for a return to the high-road politics of the Joe Clark PC party, and Harper Conservatives, who have all of the greed but none of the ability to return Canada to an iron-fisted government that can continue the project of dismantling social democracy, and who already have their knives out to stab Scheer in the back or front, at the earliest opportunity.  

This is a party in crisis, and while Scheer is not yet on death watch, he's only a few board moves  away from it. They cannot fight an election anytime soon, and hope to demonstrate either that they are ready to govern now, or that they might be in 4 years time.

Bernier is in no position to present himself as a reasonable alternative to the CP. Red Tories are not moving to him, because his libertarianism and inability to articulate a reasonable position regarding race, ethnicity and culture that doesn't appear to align with the dubious radicals described above whom they eschew, will tend to repel them. All that remains are Harper Conservatives, but Bernier is no Harper.. instead rather too much of a gadfly to provide them with sufficient confidence to jump off the cliff to join him. These are Renfields, not Spartans.
&gt; and could conceivably challenge for Prime Minister.

https://giphy.com/gifs/laughing-futurama-bender-OvL3qHSMO6uaI
There won't be enough people jumping ship. Bernier attracts more of the younger conservatives and those more interested in the whole anti-PC and anti-immigration angle. Problem is many immigrants vote conservative because of common religious and traditionalist values. Those people probably won't be too fond of the anti-immigration angle. That's what hurt the CPC and the NDP in the last election (NDP weren't anti-immigration but the hijab thing in Quebec hurt them).

That being said I do believe it may also bleed votes of the Liberal from the more disenfranchised youth, though I think the most likely scenario if Bernier gets his party is a Liberal minority government with either the CPC or Bernier's party in second place.

Summary:
Trudeau wants Bernier to be mobilized..
Trudeau wants to battle Scheer.
I believe this is strategically why Trudeau should call an election now.
Bernier is a reason NOT to call an election now.
Strategically, Trudeau should definitely call an election now before Bernier can mobilize.
