Original Response:
Conor talking to Ali was the most authentic part of the evening for me
And his anticipation for the Poirier vs Nate fight.
Just setting up hype for his trilogy
Or the rematch against ~~pea-head~~ salon-quality Poirier
Conor objectively analyzing fighters he doesn't have a fight scheduled with is my favorite Conor.
It’s a shame there’s probably not enough money in it for him to be worth it but I’d love to see him be an analyst at some point later in his life.
Fuck, can you imagine Conor special guest commentator? He is a true fan of fighting. I feel it would come through if he was to be put in a position to not show any bias.
I could definitely see him doing something similar to Chael when he's older, talking on an online service like YouTube where he just discusses what's going on in the fight game in a kind of podcast thing.

That being said, I don't know if Conor even *is* that big of a fight fan - he often seems to have an interest in (and praise for) former opponents and occassionally makes predictions about fights but he doesn't seem to have a massively broad knowledge and interest of all things MMA.
&gt; Conor...doesn't seem to have a massively broad knowledge and interest of all things MMA.
&gt; 

Get the...C'mon.  The dude is up to his eyeballs in MMA and has been for decade, I think he can be considered to have a massively broad knowledge and interest in MMA.
can you give me a link to this?
Have you never seen an interview of a professional fighter where they are asked what they think of X fighter and say "I'm sorry, I don't know who that is". It's common to be a fighter by trade who's "up to their eyeballs in MMA" without being a superfan of the sport, especially when they're at the highest level.

I'm not even saying McGregor doesn't have a very broad knowledge with strong enough interest and opinions to make a good podcast but he hasn't shown us that does
I often wonder what Conor's persona will be when he is retired from fighting and no longer has to be in character. It will be interesting to see how much is genuinely Conor and how much is for show.
Imagine a fight companion with Conor,Rogan and Joey Diaz on edibles.

Summary:
&gt; Conor...doesn't seem to have a massively broad knowledge and interest of all things MMA.
He is a true fan of fighting.
