Original Response:
I get that you wanted to keep this going for karma, but this shit would stop a lot more easily if you weren't so desperately trying to get the last word.

When people show you they're misogynist assholes, just block and move on? I don't know what people are trying to gain by arguing with people like this. You're just giving them what they want.
exactly, she keeps leading him on, just block him and move on
Welcome to being a woman
leading him on? she clearly states she has no interest in him she’s just trolling because he won’t take no for an answer. and if he won’t take no for an answer he deserves to be trolled.
People like the op are slightly further up the ladder than the moron in question. Both love attention.
She's only playing hard to get. /s
Leading on is a bad term to use. 
But the asshole said "3" and then "idk I just wanted to talk to you."
So his goal is to have a conversation and not necessarily a positive one. 
By continuing to talk she is reinforcing his behavior, albeit in a perverse way. 
Which encourages him to do it again to some other poor girl. With horrible people like this on the internet the best thing you can do is ignore. 

And I feel for the ladies that have to deal with this. It can't be fun and it sucks that defending yourself can become such a point of contention.
I feel like she was testing how badly HE needed to have the last word, but I see your point about just dropping things if you don’t want it to keep going.
Because sometimes you've just had enough of this sort of thing and you don't want to just let it go.
So, what you are saying is that you can have enough of this, but don't want to stop it and want it to keep going on?  That errrr, makes more sense than blocking, sure...
What is the meaning of "3" in this context "3 want it?"
It’s human frustration. Sometimes not the most logical, but the most emotionally appealing in the moment.
Because why should he win and have the last word. He doesn't own his argument with her. She didn't invite him.  

I understand the sentiment - be a bigger person - let him be. But no - sometimes you pour airplane fuel on the fire and let it burn because dumbfucks like him should get all the resistance they can get 

Even if it's only a meesingly "sure buddy" every time they brag...
Because by giving him attention, he wins. You win by not giving him what he wants, which is for you to respond.
So, I was lounging round my house when the phone rang. The land line we keep just in case nuclear war breaks out. I answer just in case and it's the guy from Microsoft. They've detected a virus on my computer but the good news is he's got time to help me.

&amp;#x200B;

Well, I had a few minutes to spare and wanted a bit of amusement, so I sit down at my computer and ask him what I should do. He's working his spiel slowly, not going for the big win too early to feel me out. While he's doing that, I'm looking up current scam alerts based on the language he's throwing out at me. Subtly I start getting ahead of his game - looking at the series of steps he's been given for his conversation script on my screen. At first I give him wonderfully leading questions to help him segue into his next comment, then I'm somehow mystically saying what he's going to say first until finally I see he's at the goal and I say, "so I've got my browser open, what's your website so I can let it install your malware?"

Him: "What?"

Me: "I've got my browser open, what's the website? Your malware isn't going to install itself you know."

Him: "Uhhh... I'll just get my supervisor."

Me: "Oh great! Thank you"

Supervisor: "Hello, this is the supervisor here."

Me: "Congratulations!" 

Sup: "Excuse me?"

Me: "Congratulations on your supervisor position, your parents must be proud."

Sup (firmly): "I AM THE SUPERVISOR."

Me: "I know, I'm the supervisor at my work, isn't it the best?"

Click.

I knew that even if I shut this one scammer up, another would turn up with the same weasel games in mind; this woman knew the same about this thirsty, lame, sad-ass neg artist.

I knew that the time I spent wasting this scammer's time was really wasted time, that he wasn't going to learn a lesson; this woman knew the same about this thirsty, lame, sad-ass neg artist.

I knew that my time was mine to spend as I pleased, and I chose to do so amusing myself seeing how much I could make a desperate little monkey dance, that was my prerogative because I wasn't the one who chose to be a monkey in the first place; exactly the same applies for this woman here.

And you, with your lame little "why didn't you shut it down" argument - well fuck it. She wanted to make the monkey dance, and the monkey did dance. You're pointing at the organ grinder collecting the money as if she's the one with a lesser human dignity in the situation. Ridiculous. This is just more of Reddit's "a girl did it, so I have to object". There's thirsty, lame sad-ass neg artists everywhere.
&gt; sad ass-neg artist

***

^(Bleep-bloop, I'm a bot. This comment was inspired by )^[xkcd#37](https://xkcd.com/37)
But at the same time, you're enabling that behaviour. For him, it's a numbers game now
It's possible to reply and not let him win. By mocking him.
[deleted]
[https://thumbs.gfycat.com/MatureFlatBackswimmer-size\_restricted.gif](https://thumbs.gfycat.com/MatureFlatBackswimmer-size_restricted.gif)
I don't entirely agree. It's not so much about getting the last word as it's amusing to poke at them for more stupid responses. You gain amusement (given you can keep yourself distanced from it), but I get how that's not something for everyone.
I’ve had a couple instances where they just make a new account to harass you, find you on Facebook, etc. So unfortunately that’s not always possible. And there are definitely just the moments where you’re over it and want to respond.
[deleted]
[deleted]
You're the only person to give an answer I at least understand from a human standpoint. Thank you.
I block people ALL the time. It comes down to I wanted to see how far these types of guys would go. He has been blocked.
Baiting assholes is fun for some of us in some situations. I see my situation and OP's being pretty much equivalent on that level. I'm not even sure why you see it as so different. She wasted a cheap scammer's time, so did I - the only different was her scammer was after sex, my scammer 

That doesn't make sense to you? OK, but in that case you're not really equipped to comment about the matter.
I wasn't commenting, though. I literally wanted a better understanding of this behavior, I was ASKING. You people need to learn the difference between being personally attacked and someone taking a genuine interest in how/why humans are acting the way they do, PLEASE.

I'm terribly sorry if you were offended, I can honestly say it was never my intention. But, I'd like a real answer every now and then instead of offended people telling me to butt out.
It's a pity you didn't leave your reply to stand then. You didn't ask a question, you commented that there was nothing similar to my situation and OP's. You didn't ask for explanation, just said you didn't understand, another comment.

Don't make me the final straw in your desperate journey through offended people feeling attacked. There's nothing in my comment above that indicated I felt that way, but there's plenty to suggest \*you\* feel attacked.

I see you've asked that question elsewhere in the thread. You didn't ask it of me.
Because it's fun. We both benefit, right?
I'm sorry, but that's simply how I communicate. And I didn't want to leave it there because it felt like ill-will. I don't care, dude. I'm sorry, but I just really don't care. I'm fed up, absolutely. But it truly has nothing to do with you, it's not even because of this thing you think means so much to me. I can give you my word that none of this means anything to me, and I would still love some real understanding. I'll never get that from you, but it's not that impprtant. Dude, my mom just diedー I do not care. I just wanted some fucking solid information I could actually process for the first time in 10 days, okay? I don't know what your issue is, but I'm just tired. That's all.
Mate, I'm really sorry to hear about your mother. I think making this the place where you seek to make sense of the world is the wrong move, and I'll try to explain below if it helps.

None of this is that concrete. Some people think it was ok for the woman to bait the guy a bit - I'm one of them - some people think she was wrong, that it was a self-defeating behaviour. I'm aware it's a futile behaviour but think it's sometimes safe to indulge in those behaviours so long as you're mindful that in the wider context you're wasting your time. 

So to me there's no big understanding to be gained here, there's just a couple of perspectives. You can't see one perspective at the moment - but with gentle respect, I'd like to put it to you that we're you're at you're processing quite enough. You're looking for solid information because you want to pin down some sense, but there's no solid information.

As for my issue - well up until now I was wondering why you yourself were treating the matter with such importance, suggesting I was responding as if I was attacked when honestly I didn't feel that. My point of view on our conversation in that first exchange: I put forward my view, some guy on the internet said they didn't get it, I said basically ok but that means you shouldn't be commenting. Maybe a little misreading there, maybe not - again we don't have your original comment to go back to and I *really don't think we should*.

I'm sorry again about your mother. It's not something I can comprehend, because mine is still around. My wife lost her father about a decade and a half ago and it still very much affects you. Take it easy, and take care.
thinking that someone can 'win' at a conversation is why interactions like this happen. 

trying to beat someone at a last word contest is just bringing yourself down to their level.
It's true, though. I'm going somewhere less subjective because I guess I'm just going to be one of those people that can't latch onto shit now. I think actually I spoke wrong, I don't want "solid information" (although, I think I want that too) but rather, I wish I could connect to the emotional, human, aspect. I WANT to see the different opinions on a lot of things, I want to focus on some differences and see the diversity in life, I just have no idea how to do it properly right now. I want to just have a decent conversation, but I wasn't able to do that before this so I don't know what made me think I could now. Sorry that you had to be the one to make me realize this. I didn't mean to bring you down, man.

Ironically, you gave me something I can comprehend a little bit. Thank you.
It’s all good. I haven’t dealt with your particular grief but I’ve definitely had my share. 

I’ll give the other half If your question a try if you like -  we’ve got at least a bit of human connection going on which is good. 

I think if I was to put a motivation to OP’s behaviour it might be exasperation. In my job (I’m a librarian) you will occasionally meet people who are just going to work hard to make you feel miserable no matter what. They insult you you, bait you then make a complaint about your attitude. Admittedly I mostly want them to stop but my private wish isn’t to stop them but to be allowed just once to open my mouth and give them the same bs they’re giving me. It’s not a noble motive but after the 100th one you just want to do it once. So I think that’s the point. 

She could equally be just picking an easy target for karma, or possibly both. Like I say it’s just perspectives. 

I hope things get a little easier.
Well look how wrong *you* were!
I love how nicely this ended. You guys are good people :)
Seriously, like 50% of these, the most cringeworthy part to me is the fact that they keep on messaging them back, it's so pathetic
Thank you, I'm glad I was able to realise to reach out to the guy and I'm glad that it help a bit too.
It's fun to fuck with people
Nah, OP did it to troll a 
misogynist for her own lulz. It was skillfully executed.

Besides, this type of guy is casting a wiiiiiide net, blocking him just gives him more time to be an ass to someone else.
I want to use his arguments sometime.  

"Sir, this is Carl's Jr, we don't serve steaks..."  
  
"I DATED MISS TEXAS! GET ME A GODDAMN STEAK, ***DOG!***"
&gt; ignores all messages

&gt; gets insulted

&gt; responds to every message

Can't you see you're just encouraging him? Now he's more likely to do this in the future to other girls.
I can't tell if you're disagreeing with the person you're responding to. It's definitely more enabling by responding to his insults.
He's obviously getting encouraged by it. You think he's seething, but he's just enjoying the attention.
Both, I guess. In my mind, if everyone shits on him he'll stop, whereas if people ignore him then it's just the shotgun approach and he doesn't have to realise he's being a shitty person. I fully admit to pulling this opinion out of my ass, but it is what I think would happen.
From what I've seen on this sub, asking my friends that are girls, and girlfriend, these guys tend to not be like you and me. It's like their objective is to get her to respond. So if they run out of options, they'll switch to insults. If these start to get a response, they're back in. There isn't any way to win except by not playing. I'm not sure they feel shame or hurt by getting insulted back. Maybe they do, but it usually just devolves into a stupid back and forth.
Fair enough. To me, it just seems like not doing anything allows them to not have to face the fact that they're doing something shitty. I can understand how engaging might not be the answer, though. Lose-lose proposition.
I'm pretty sure there's no win for you anywhere in this game. They're never going to stop their behavior no matter what you do. They don't need a response from you to get their jollies. So you may as well have as much fun with them as you can.
Last word here.
[removed]
It's amusing until they hit you with the "I'm gonna fuck with you until your dead"...that shits disturbing and some guys will most definitely create alt accounts to torment you. It's why most women won't online date
!RedditSilver seanfish
I’ll put it with my vast hoards.
Ah, I see. Yeah, gotta have a thick skin to be undisturbed by that.

Summary:
You're just giving them what they want.
I'm sorry, but I just really don't care.
You win by not giving him what he wants, which is for you to respond.
You didn't ask it of me.
It's like their objective is to get her to respond.
So I think that’s the point.
You guys are good people :)
Like I say it’s just perspectives.
I block people ALL the time.
It's fun to fuck with people.
I want to use his arguments sometime.
She wanted to make the monkey dance, and the monkey did dance.
I'm not even sure why you see it as so different.
I don't know what your issue is, but I'm just tired.
It comes down to I wanted to see how far these types of guys would go.
I'll just get my supervisor."
Me: "I know, I'm the supervisor at my work, isn't it the best?"
Because why should he win and have the last word.
And I didn't want to leave it there because it felt like ill-will.
You're the only person to give an answer I at least understand from a human standpoint.
