Original Response:
As we know, the patch is going to be released on Tuesday and this time there’s going to be a raid. Wooden potatoes recently made a video stating he’s going to be streaming his progression which got my thinking. A lot of your personal /favourite streamers will be playing so let’s try support those who create the twitch content and content overall for guild wars 2
Not really interested in watching an MMO stream to be honest.

Edit: Lol, the downvote brigade is out in force. Dissenting opinions beware!
I think the new raids would be very interesting but it is personal opinion after all
I'd rather play it myself than watch someone else.
That’s fair enough , I’m going to be playing and watching some one , but yeh playing it is probably more fun
You can do both simultaneously
Yeah, no. What's the point of having a stream on the other monitor if I'm trying to focus on learning a new boss? It'd just be annoying background noise and add nothing. If you like that, more power to you.
Doesn't that apply to all games? Why is mmo singled out
I find MMOs particularly boring to watch, compared to say, a narrative focused game or e-sports. Why? Does that offend you?
it's the same if the streamers personality is lacking
Jesus. People just have a really fucking hard time accepting my opinion, don't they? OK, I guess my subjective opinion is objectively wrong, you guys are right. I shall mend my ways, thank you.
iagree
[removed]
[removed]
Don't even try. This place is a constant circlejerk monkaTOS
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
&gt; I find MMOs particularly boring to watch, compared to say, a narrative focused game or e-sports. Why? Does that offend you?

Why in the world would that offend me? The reason I asked is because I was genuinely interested in your answer. I still haven't been satisfactorily answered, by the way.

"narrative focused game" your previous answer "id rather play it myself" still applies to that.  You've created a distinction without explaining.

and "esports" i sorta understand because some people do enjoy watching sports on TV that they don't play, but again, why watch Overwatch Pro League when you can play overwatch yourself? The logic seems the same, so I don't find your answer satisfactory, I was hoping for a more thoughtful answer.
&gt;Why in the world would that offend me? The reason I asked is because I was genuinely interested in your answer. I still haven't been satisfactorily answered, by the way.

I didn't necessarily mean you in particular, I meant everyone downvoting and commenting as if me not liking MMO streams is somehow incorrect or invalidates *their* positive opinions about said streams. Maybe I'm reading too much into it, but that's the general attitude I'm getting.

&gt;"narrative focused game" your previous answer "id rather play it myself" still applies to that. You've created a distinction without explaining.

If I watch a stream of a narrative focused game, it's either because I have no intention of playing it myself (such as Detroit: Become Human; I don't own a console and I don't intend to get one), or because I want to check it out and buy it myself, in which case I'm not going to watch the entire stream anyway.

&gt;and "esports" i sorta understand because some people do enjoy watching sports on TV that they don't play, but again, why watch Overwatch Pro League when you can play overwatch yourself?

Watching high level gameplay and playing yourself are very different experiences; not only in that watching is different from playing, but also in terms of stakes, hype and the skill of everyone involved. I'm sure you'd agree that watching the FIFA World Cup is quite different from playing a casual game of football with your buddies, to use an example.

Some games I only like to watch (such as Starcraft), some games I only like to play (such as Guild Wars 2), some games I like to do both (such as Company of Heroes 2). I think one of the reasons I find MMOs so boring to watch is that a large part of the appeal of an MMOs is character/account progression which you really don't get from a stream. Also, when talking about raids specifically: watching people fight against a static AI just isn't as exciting to me as a high level player versus player competition.
&gt; I'm sure you'd agree that watching the FIFA World Cup is quite different from playing a casual game of football with your buddies, to use an example.

Yes, but I'd rather play a casual game with my buddies than watch TV.
... Sure, but that wasn't the point. You can have a preference for one or the other, but the point was that they're different. Your question was "why do one over the other"; there's your answer.
Your response was "why watch when you could play yourself?"

I agree, why watch football when you could play yourself?  If I had the option to meet up with my friends and play I'd never watch a game on TV.

esports you have the option to play yourself, pretty much always.

So we come back to the original situation, why watch esports on twitch when you could play yourself.  The answer is probably "because i find watching esports more fun than actually playing" but thats not what you said.
&gt;Your response was "why watch when you could play yourself?"

No, my response was "I'd rather play it myself than watch someone else."

You're simplifying things too much. Preference isn't as simple as "I like *this* over *that* in every case, universally, forever and always." Like I said, some games I like to watch, some I like to play, some I like to do both. In the case of Guild Wars 2, my preference is playing. That doesn't mean the same is true for every game that exists.

&gt;So we come back to the original situation, why watch esports on twitch when you could play yourself.

You're missing the point. Saying "why watch e-sports when you could play yourself" is like saying "why eat an apple when you could eat an orange"; they're *different things* that are enjoyable for *different reasons.*

&gt;The answer is probably "because i find watching esports more fun than actually playing" but thats not what you said.

No? What did I say then?

&amp;#x200B;
&gt; Saying "why watch e-sports when you could play yourself" is like saying "why eat an apple when you could eat an orange"; they're different things that are enjoyable for different reasons.

Have you heard the phrase "distinction without difference?" You're creating an artificial distinction. All you've established is you feel MMO (which youd rather play than watch) are different than other sorts of games (that you have some sort of preference of watching) and haven't really gotten to the answer. 

The "games on other consoles" answer makes some sense, but the other explanations seem inadequate to describe the behavior.
&gt;Saying "why watch e-sports when you could play yourself" is like saying "why eat an apple when you could eat an orange"; they're different things that are enjoyable for different reasons.  
&gt;  
&gt;Have you heard the phrase "distinction without difference?" You're creating an artificial distinction.

Are you seriously trying to tell me that I haven't made a clear distinction between the two? I'm sorry, but I have to ask: are you being obtuse on purpose? I've listed several things that set the two apart, but I guess I'll have to do so *yet* *again*:

1. Watching is *different from playing.* I'm honestly kind of baffled that I even have to spell it out, it's *literally* a completely different act. It's as if I had said "I'd rather *write* a book than *read* one" and you responded with "but they're *the same thing*!"
2. Stakes. The stakes are higher in e-sports; we're talking price money, prestige and no second chances. This adds a certain level of excitement and tension to e-sports events, at least in my opinion. Compare this to me playing any random competitive game; what stakes are there? My pride and a few ladder points, at most. If I lose I can just queue right back in. Oh, sure, you *can* experience the same kind of stakes by actually *playing* in said high stakes tournaments, but newsflash: the *vast majority* of people (me included) do not play video games on a professional level. E-sports lets me experience it vicariously, without the time, skill and commitment requirements.
3. Skill. Watching e-sports lets me experience the game played at its highest level, which I am not likely to encounter as part of regular play (unless you're literally a top level player, which, again, the majority are not). It can be both educational and entertaining to see a game played to its fullest potential.

&gt;All you've established is you feel MMO (which youd rather play than watch) are different than other sorts of games (that you have some sort of preference of watching) and haven't really gotten to the answer.

I told you exactly why I'd rather play MMOs than watch them, but I guess I'll elaborate even more: like I said, a huge part of the appeal of an MMO is character/account progression; a lot of MMO gameplay is fairly menial and tedious when you get down to it, but can still *feel* meaningful because you get a reward for it. Take dailies for instance: I'd be bored out of my mind watching someone do a daily, but doing them *yourself* can still feel rewarding since you're adding progress to your account. So much of MMOs is *routine*, and routine is not exciting to watch.

Which brings us to raids. Raids are neither menial nor routine, at least not when they're initially released. Even so, I simply don't find it exciting to watch a group of people fight a static AI opponent. There is no tension; if they wipe they can simply restart. There are no stakes; if they succeed, they'll just get some in-game loot and maybe some achievement points. Watching an extremely skilled group do a boss can certainly be entertaining, but it's simply not enough to keep me invested without everything else.

No, like I said, I'd rather experience it and get that loot for myself. It's something that I *can* experience for myself, unlike e-sports, so why not?

Edit: formatting
thanks for finally giving a substantive answer.
It's the exact same answer I gave before except more elaborate. Nothing I said here is new.
You said "what" but not "why."  The why is always more interesting than the why.
You could have just asked for clarification instead of going off on a tangent. We could have skipped literally five steps in this conversation.
You should have answered directly instead of getting defensive and insulting me, and then giving me an opaque and incomplete answer.
I did answer you directly. I'm not going to write a fucking essay to every off-hand comment I get on reddit; it's on you to ask for elaborations. You can't just go "doesn't that apply to all games? Why is mmo singled out" and expect to get a 600 word answer straight off the bat, that's not how communication works. Whatever, I'm done with this. Bye, enjoy your life.
Your dumb answer to "doesnt this apply to all games?" was "some are different."  If you dont get why I felt that was insufficient its probably you who doesnt know how communication works.
My answer (once I realized you actually cared to know it and wasn't just dropping a snide comment) was 350 words long; leave it to you to be dumb and reductive enough to extract only "some are different" out of it. You're so obtuse it hurts.

Summary:
Watching is *different from playing.
Like I said, some games I like to watch, some I like to play, some I like to do both.
Your response was "why watch when you could play yourself?"
I agree, why watch football when you could play yourself?
I did answer you directly.
I'd rather play it myself than watch someone else.
The answer is probably "because i find watching esports more fun than actually playing" but thats not what you said.
"narrative focused game" your previous answer "id rather play it myself" still applies to that.
Doesn't that apply to all games?
I find MMOs particularly boring to watch, compared to say, a narrative focused game or e-sports.
You said "what" but not "why."
No, like I said, I'd rather experience it and get that loot for myself.
Your dumb answer to "doesnt this apply to all games?"
&gt; I find MMOs particularly boring to watch, compared to say, a narrative focused game or e-sports.
