Original Response:
It's funny how the article is about women being able to wear their hair in different styles or natural and all the ads are for straightening hair products
Naturally curly haired people tend to want straight hair and naturally straight haired folk tend to want curls.
You can never please, anybo-ho-dy, in this world!
only those that opt out the whole hair-o-centric conspiracy :P are pleased.

&amp;#x200B;
that's just an artifact of how ads are sold online; also get adblock
can confirm. i hate my straight hair. If it's long, I keep a perm in it. It's so much easier to care for and to do stuff with. I can actually put clips in it and they'll stay.
The ads are based on you not the page.
The ads for me were travel ads, like some luxury hotspring in Iceland. Not a hair ad in sight!
Curls here. Do not want straight hair. Ever.
When I was in years 7-9, I had the other girls in school asking me everyday when I'd come in with straight hair. They would offer to straighten it for me. It was exhausting. Just leave my hair alone. When I have straightened it, I hated it. I didn't look like me. My hair is more wavy than ringlet curly these days, but I can guarantee that it's healthier than those who burnt their curls out for years.
I have Adblock on my phone but it only works in the browser, what’s the option to make it work in pages browsed through other apps?
[deleted]
Yes this, or if you don't want to root, use dns66 to block ads.
You cant. Browser data is malleable, app data you get what the provider of the app gave you. It is so weird to me people use dedicated apps to access straight up webpages. Just use the browser.
Ah poo
You can roll your own dns with a pihole.
Correct, but that assumes control over the network which is a different animal from OS and app-level discussions.
Still means you can.

Summary:
i hate my straight hair.
Do not want straight hair.
Naturally curly haired people tend to want straight hair and naturally straight haired folk tend to want curls.
