Original Response:
I'm the first person from my immediate family to go off to college. No one in my family has went to college. 

I'm a Pre-PA student. My family has not been very supportive of me being in school.  Even before I went to college they told me, "You shouldn't focus on school. You should just get a full-time job (at any place.)" 

Of course, I didn't listen.

They always told me that I'm book smart, but not street smart.

When I'm studying, they make comments like, "You study too much. You're such a nerd, etc." Mind you, I'm a Biology major. I'm taking hard classes. And I don't study 24/7. I do have a part-time job and I am apart of a club.

I just took my first Biology exam in college. I received a 94 on it! When I told my parents, they showed no enthusiasm and didn't care at all.

I wish my family was more supportive of my education. It upsets me when they are so nonchalant towards it. 

I'm trying not to let it bother me, but it's hard.

How can I not let this affect me?

**tl;dr: My family is not very supportive towards my education, and it's upsetting. How can I not let it bother me?**

**Edit: Thank you everyone so much for all of your wonderful comments and pm's. I really appreciate it.**
Hi! Congratulations on doing so well on your exam. I was also the first person from my immediate family to attend college, and I know how hard it can be to walk an unpaved road. It's even more difficult without support. You should be very proud of what you have already accomplished and what you are working toward.

I have always found that when my family told me I was book smart, but not street smart, they were seriously just unable to watch me rise above the situation I was born into (being flat broke) without being bitter. They wanted to bring me down, because me getting out there and doing it ruined all their excuses of why it wasn't possible for them. 

If you care, it's hard to just say "don't care." There's no simple solution to just not caring. But honestly, sit down and figure out why it matters to you. Why do you care if they call you a nerd or say you study too much? Being a "nerd" and studying is going to take you to achieving your goals, and doing something none of them were able to do. It also sounds like you aren't spending all your time studying; you're getting a well-rounded experience... so they're wrong. Once you figure out exactly why you're feeling what you're feeling, you should sit them down and talk to them about why it bothers you, why you studying seems to bother them, and how they could be more supportive. 

Good luck.
&gt; They wanted to bring me down, because me getting out there and doing it ruined all their excuses of why it wasn't possible for them. 

💯
[removed]
&gt; If you care, it's hard to just say "don't care." There's no simple solution to just not caring. But honestly, sit down and figure out why it matters to you.

This is the only answer that matters, really. 

I spent years and years not realizing why I felt bitter towards my parents. There were specifics, but they always seemed so very petty and it just made me confused. Then I realized I had called my mother to tell her about a major life accomplishment - my wife and I were having a kid. 

Her response was to dump a giant list on me of everything we had to do. We had to childproof the house, we had to make sure our insurance knew, we had to start getting clothes/toys/gear, we had to research car seats, we had to figure out a birth plan, to sign up for classes, to check if our dog needed special training, to get the furnace and ventilation checked, to get a fumigator in asap, to get pre-natal vitamins, and on and on and on. 

And I realized something. I had been calling because I wanted a 'Congratulations.' I wanted someone who had raised me to be happy for me. That her response to *any* announcement I've ever given her has been to enumerate all the next tasks in line. 

&amp;nbsp;

It hurt.

&amp;nbsp; 

But then I started working out why I wanted validation. I started recognizing the validation I did get (I love my wife, by the way). I learned what attempts were just wasted effort. Eventually I learned to just not talk to my mother about stuff. I stick to small talk or let her drive the subjects. My own accomplishments rarely come up, so I'm not disappointed when she doesn't care. It's kinda sad, really, but I'm honestly in a better place now.
[removed]
I went through this when I chose a degree my parents did not support. It drove me to work harder and be successful because to them, having an art degree was useless. I graduated with honors, completed several internships, several continuing contract jobs and a salaried postion with an established company... but it still hurts that they (my mother) still lectures me about life decisions (things she's messed up) instead of just saying that she's proud.

Anyway, to OP-
It will hurt but it'll make you stronger! Focus on yourself and grow in your career. In the end, you're responsible for your life and how you live it. Take out student loans, work extra jobs, just get it done! 

4 years will go by faster than you think. Make sure to get experience (internships and jobs) in your field. Create professional connections with professors and peers. Be open to criticism and learn from it. Dont give up - having a degree gives you SO much more opportunity in having a career/job.

Congrats on doing well on your exam, btw. Continue the flow and keep on keeping on.
There's a term for this, "crabs in a bucket." It describes the way some people will drag you down when you try to succeed at something.
&gt; 4 years will go by faster than you think. Make sure to get experience (internships and jobs) in your field. Create professional connections with professors and peers. 

Seconded so hard. I regret not doing internships or making friends with older, more experienced people who could become mentors. It would've saved me SO much time. I literally wasted my twenties trying to figure out stuff that could've been fixed in 5% of the time with mentors and prior experience.
I want to begin by saying, Dear, you are resilient, strong, worthy, and wonderful. And I’m sorry you are not getting the acknowledgment you deserve.  I had a similar situation in my life. If you are feeling rejected, not worthy, accepted, loved, know that you are and will be by many more who can see and appreciate you.

There are a couple books I would recommend for you. 

Running on Empty by Jonice Webb, PhD with Christine Mussello, PsyD

&amp;

This light heartedly entertaining book 

You Are A Badass by Jen Sincero
——————
What I have observed and learned: 

Humans are interesting. What is happening is something called the “Crab Effect”. You put a bunch of crabs in a bucket and one starts to climb out another one drags them back down. 

You’re family cutting you down—(though disrespectful and mean, they don’t see it that way for them it is self preservation ) You are thriving and they are not. You are an extension and representation of them in some regards, but you’re not. I want to point this out and say you being successful, intelligent, charismatic (and all the beautiful things that make you, you) is not conducive with with their story, how they view themselves...Your success drudges up their insecurities. 

Everyone has 6 basic needs. 
Certainty
Variety
Love + Connection 
Significance 
Growth 
Contribution 

(Google it also Tony Robins has some great uploads on YouTube illustrating this. Check out Discipline 

So in filling these tanks (there are short term ways and long term ways). Many of us look to soothe immediately without planning for the long run future.  Their nagging words, cutting you down—that’s the quickest way for them to justify their lack of progress in life. It’s also a hidden current below the surface...Our needs are met by our problems. We define ourselves with problems because it’s the easiest quickest way to connect and have significance in someone’s life. They have a problem they want your love...your empathy...but there’s gotta to be a way for you to condition them out of this behavior because it is toxic. (Start with your sibs) . Talk to your professors or pick a class you think they would like...send that professor an email and tell them you’d like to show your siblings the value of college...invite them to campus events...etc)  

Another thing to consider doing—is if they know it gets you down, they know they’re chipping away at your foundation. If you can muster up the energy—“Thank you, I know college can be really challenging and you feel like it’s a waste of time. I appreciate you sharing your views. I value your thoughts and if you have any questions about college I’m an open book.” 

A variation of that. Turn it back to them. Anytime you’re in a conflict or working with a client use LUV. 

Listen to what they are saying, repeat to them “I heard you say, blah blah blah.”
Understand (show you genuinely do, if you don’t be honest and ask them to share more) I understand you’re probably feeling like —feeling feeling feeling—
Validate -you’re feelings deserve to be validated and acknowledged. I’m sorry you feel ———— in regards to this. What do you think would be the best way to resolve your feelings? 

(Start validating their street smarts) 

(Start asking them to help you with stuff) even if they saw no. Them knowing they have a place in your heart will start to plant seeds...change will come, it just may take some time. )


There’s a lot here. Hope these recommendations work for you Star (because you are one) 

Good luck
This is how my mom reacted when I got my period. She didn’t have any emotional reaction, no welcome to womanhood no nothing. She immediately demanded I go clean the stain out of my underwear RIGHT NOW and taught me to put on a pad, all with zero warmth. 

This kind of attitude is why she and I don’t have a relationship.
This. I was going to say this.
[removed]
Same thing happened to me. Funnily enough, my mother always complains about the lack of relationship between us nowadays...

Summary:
I was going to say this.
I had been calling because I wanted a 'Congratulations.'
How can I not let it bother me?
I'm the first person from my immediate family to go off to college.
I wish my family was more supportive of my education.
Make sure to get experience (internships and jobs) in your field.
I'm trying not to let it bother me, but it's hard.
And I don't study 24/7.
If you care, it's hard to just say "don't care."
You should just get a full-time job (at any place.)"
I appreciate you sharing your views.
I had a similar situation in my life.
Eventually I learned to just not talk to my mother about stuff.
