Original Response:
And I am mostly relieved it's over. Because god damnit, the collection is more expensive than the precursor, and you don't get to use those materials that went into the collection.

EDIT: Some tips for the later part where you're actually crafting the legend.

This part is surprisingly cheap assuming you don't mind the time. The most expensive part is the T6 crafting materials. But this is pretty easily mitigated provided you promote your T5 materials. Those materials are incredibly easy to get, and you can probably land with a full stack in thirty minutes on some of the loot heavy content in less than 20 minutes.

You will normally do better than selling T5s and buying the T6. The only thing you can't really bypass the cost of is the Crystaline dust.

The part that will take the longest is Clovers if you have something that needs 77 of the bastards. And the Spirit Shards... and Obsidian shards.
Yeah... the collection's just suppose to be an engaging way to bypass RNG and relying on the trading post. And that not being too popular is why they discontinued the system. lol

Some collections are cheaper I think, but not the popular ones. Deadeye made rifle veryyy popular. XD

Grants on finishing it. It's one of the coolest ones, imo.
You could have looked up the costs befor hand.
Just a few pointers. Crystaline Dust can be easily acquired by salvaging ectos. Depending on how long you've played the game, spirit shards shouldn't be a problem either. Obsidian can be obtained with Karma in the Straits of Devastation.

Granted, the above presupposes that you have played the game for a while.
A partially unpopular opinion, but the collections, apart from the second (crafting) step for *every damn one* was really engaging in its story telling and thought. It felt like I was going through a mini story with my character each time to find a legendary. So far, I have made astralaria and almost finished chuka and chumpawat. Their stories are really well thought out and greatly disappointed me when anet announced the discontinuation of those journeys.

Shifting back to op, congrats op on the rifle and enjoy!
Not an unpopular opinion. They *are* well-done, but the work:value ratio was just terribly unbalanced.

When I said "not being too popular," I mean the lion's share of the player base never bother with legendary weapons. The amount of work it takes to make a collection is arguably comparable to a living world episode's writing/fact-checking/QA. Similar to Living World season 1, too many players will never see that content.
Aha, gotcha. Yea, agreed on the point about the majority of players. Admittedly, it took me a good year after HoT came out to even attempt one. But I do think players should at least open collection one of a few because of the fun they are.
I wouldn't call it an unpopular opinion. I loved the idea of the story. But truth be told I'd rather doing something harder in that collection that makes me feel legendary, than fell 3000 god damn trees of elderwood, or buy 3000 logs of elder wood, or salvage 3000 log of god damn elderwood. 250 Rifles, Bows, Shortbows, daggers, ARE YOU SERIOUS!
Yyyyeeeeeaaaaaaaaa, part two of all the collections are a brain hemorrhage in waiting. Parts 1 &amp; 3 (4) were really well done in telling story. Nonetheless, you have your legendary now and congrats on the hard work for it.
what content are you doing to land a full stack of T5 mats in 20 minutes?
why farm obsidian with karma when you can literally run silverwastes, get a ton of almost any material you need + obsidian shards?
If you are ever going to make the bifrost look forward to making the dye part. You have to harvest coral, and its a rear drop from coral. Tyria/orr has like 12  nodes. If you have all of  the living world maps then there is allmost dubble the nodes. Still took me about 10 hours straight though. At least you can buy elderwood.
I'm on the same path as you and currently stuck at the precursor (Nevermore). Where did you get all the [Crystalline Ingots](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Crystalline_Ingot) and Ball of Dark Energy from? I'm stuck right there :-(
any ideas where to get amalgamated gemstones from?
I guess I just assumed everybody has excess karma and nothing to use it for.
The ingots are made from ore you get from Noxious pods in Dragon Stand. As you do the meta they spawn near the waypoints.

The Ball of Dark Energy comes from salvaging ascended weapons or armour. (Very, very rarely from other ascended items)
Okay, thanks. And the Amalgamated Gemstone?
I too would like to know the answer to this.
https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Amalgamated_Gemstone

I've always gotten mine from running the Auric Basin meta event (thus the Auric Basin: Hero's Choice Chest)
The Amalgamted Gemstones are usually a reward for doing HoT map metas, one per meta. You can also make them in the mystic forge by combining high level gem orbs.
In addition to the methods in the other reply, you can also buy them on the TP
Fair enough
Yeah, but they cost a fortune :-(
thank you
thx
The system was discontinued because of how many man hours it took to design engaging collections, and how this was slowing down the release of legendaries.  It had nothing to do with the collections popularity, as the collections for the first 4 2nd gen legendaries are widely considered to be very good (outside of a few items).

Summary:
The most expensive part is the T6 crafting materials.
And that not being too popular is why they discontinued the system.
lol

Some collections are cheaper I think, but not the popular ones.
I loved the idea of the story.
But I do think players should at least open collection one of a few because of the fun they are.
any ideas where to get amalgamated gemstones from?
And the Spirit Shards... and Obsidian shards.
