Original Response:
Okay, so obligatory 'this wasn't actually today' disclaimer, but this did happen on Saturday. However, because my boyfriend actively uses reddit and will most likely see this, I figured I'd do the respectful thing and wait two days before I posted this super flattering story.


Some important details to keep in mind:

1. my boyfriend is deathly allergic to peanuts and has been since he was just a wee child.

2. I'm a dumbass.



So, this past weekend marked our one-year anniversary, which is a huge feat in and of itself given detail #2 spelled out above. To celebrate, we decided to go out for a super fancy dinner -- the ol' OG Olive Garden.


Being a fourth-year student at university, I've gotten very used to not wearing makeup, but I decided to go all out for our anniversary dinner. I even went out and bought a lip-plumping gloss so my bf could pretend he was dating a Kardashian for the day instead of plain old u/kate-plus-self-hate. Supposedly, the gloss works by searing your lips until they are huge, red, numb, and possibly burned to the first degree -- needless to say, it was unpleasant to use but I still thought it was worth it.


Fast forward to my boyfriend picking me up and us detouring to an empty parking lot for a quick-ish makeout sesh. An hour later, we arrived at Olive Garden and started in on the unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks. We're maybe 15 minutes into dinner, and my bf starts complaining that his lips are tingling and that he feels kind of funny. I think nothing of it at first, but as we keep eating, he says the feeling was getting more intense and was spreading to his neck, abdomen, and *nervous glance* his nether regions.


My first thought was that he was hamming things up, but after a few minutes I could tell he wasn't faking anything. My next logical thought was that our food had come in contact with peanuts and that he was starting to have an allergic reaction. He agreed because he couldn't think of any other reason he would be experiencing the symptoms that he was.


At this point, I'm starting to freak out -- I don't want to be responsible for killing the only human who voluntarily spends time with me -- so I take my bf's keys and race out to his car. I knew he kept an emergency EpiPen in his glove box, so I fished that out, ran back into the restaurant, and jammed that fucker into his thigh.


Fast forwarding one more time, I flagged down our waiter to pay for our check, rushed my bf back out to his car, and drove like a maniac to the closest open urgent care facility. The practitioner there ran tests for his white blood cell counts and all of that fun shit, after which she told him that he's just fine and that none of their tests came back that he was having an allergic reaction. She asked him if he had come into contact with anything that might have been irritating his skin...


...and that's when my last two functioning brain cells decided to start working. The whole thing was my fault. The only possible explanation for the whole ordeal was that I got my probably-FDA-rejected lip plumping gloss all over my boyfriend's body.


My bf was less than enthused when we got home and I told him what I thought had happened. In fact, he made me throw the gloss out immediately. A few hours later, he (and my own lips) went back to normal, but at least this makes for an anniversary we won't forget...


TL;DR: I mistook my getting lip plumping gloss all over my boyfriend for him dying from a peanut allergy.
That lip gloss sounds like cruel and unusual punishment
... but it looks pretty.
Definition of a lot of things women do.
And I bet his dick looked pretty hip
Cruel and unusual plumpishment.
As a man I personally disagree
Women don’t wear makeup for men, we wear it because we like it.
&gt; ... but it looks pretty.

no, it's fucking hideous. It's a swollen deformity.
But I, as a man, think it's not pretty. That doesn't say I think women wear makeup for men. I wear plenty of clothes that make me feel better because I like feeling better, not because I want to seduce women or something.
Except that in this case she didn't actually like it
... ew.

https://www.google.com/search?q=lip+plumping+gloss+before+and+after&amp;client=safari&amp;hl=en-us&amp;prmd=isvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwials771MTdAhVR7qwKHbhzCpMQ_AUIESgB&amp;biw=375&amp;bih=553
She literally wore it for the sake of her boyfriend 

It *hurt* her and she still wore it because she thought he would like it

No need to be disingenuous because you have modern ideas of femininity. It’s not weak or antiquated to do things for the sake of impressing the opposite sex. I do it plenty, and I don’t feel bad about it. Because it’s normal and, to an extent, healthy. 

Lastly - don’t speak on behalf of all women. Ever.
IKR! How on earth this has become a thing I'll never know.
She literally said she wanted to go all out, he didn’t ask her to put on makeup, she wanted to... chill.
Fuck it, have an upvote. You tried and that's what counts.
You’re supporting my point
If you're allowed to say "but it looks pretty", then we're allowed to say "no, it isn't". 
You can't have your opinion and deny us ours.

Summary:
That doesn't say I think women wear makeup for men.
But I, as a man, think it's not pretty.
Women don’t wear makeup for men, we wear it because we like it.
Definition of a lot of things women do.
That lip gloss sounds like cruel and unusual punishment.
