Original Response:
This is the crisis that Australia needs to have.

National stupidity to borrow from overseas to plow into our own little housing market. 

These borrowings don't contribute to productivity or innovation in technology which leads to national wealth. 

It leads to lots of houses that do nothing for national wealth.

Then when it comes time to pay the trillions of foreign borrowings, we have to pay it all back. That time is coming.

As for the interest on the overseas borrowings used to inflate our domestic property market, we barely pay that from our foreign earnings on metallic dirt and wheat.

So in reality, the entire domestic housing market is like an interest only loan on completely foreign borrowings.

Our current net foreign debt is 4 times our GDP.

Strap yourself in. It's going to be at least like Spain and Ireland and USA in 2009.

Going down!
What are implications for someone who has zero debt who are renting? Also employed full time. It almost like I want this to happen...
You're in perfect position.

Keep putting aside cash ready to enter the market if you wish to. 

When market crashes, prices will drop fast, lots of investment properties will be put on market, but no one will be buying. As prices crash, more and more investors will dump their 3rd and 2nd investment properties and try to hold one. 

Then as a result, more people will be able to afford to buy homes who now rent. So rental demand will drop after prices have dropped. 

Wait until there is desperation in property market to buy. You'll know the perfect time when people tell you that you'd be crazy to put your money into property now. 

Wait until papers show whole streets foreclosed by banks on front pages, ACA doing puff pieces on how to find bargain rents and zero home improvement shows on commercial TV.
Rents will probably freeze.

Landlords will want to chain you in. I have already heard of 48 months terms being prepared.
The big issue will be unemployment. If you can keep your job, you'll be fine. And if you have savings you will be in a good position to buy later on.

I'd much rather be renting with no debt (this is me also) than having even a manageable mortgage. If you lose your job, you will be able to move for work if necessary, or downsize to somewhere with cheaper rent. Rents are also likely to drop - I believe they have a bit already.
The article talks about a downturn of 12% over the next 4 years, which is coming from one of the more downbeat economists. There is no mention of a US/Ireland/Spain style scenario. 

To add, any downturn in prices will be largely attributed to Sydney and Melbourne where prices are significantly higher than the rest of Australia.
Yeah like take Perth, prices may drop a couple of percent but realistically are probably around the true price for houses, with unit prices falling enormously
&gt; and zero home improvement shows on commercial TV.

Haha...im using this as the trigger to buy.
I suspect 12% is very optimistic. It's also more than what a lot of economists were predicting in the US/Ireland/Spain. Sydney and Melbourne will bear the brunt but because ur banking system is so centralised, the impact will be felt everywhere.

Human psychology will play a big role here and when the panic sets in, the market will most likely overshoot. There's little rationality to booms and busts.
Its very naive to think they can only go up. Anyway, gov can easily cut company tax to 20%, attract lots of foreign investments and hence employment and take up rate for most properties will go up. There are many tools to help the economy if only the pollies have the political will and do not engage in so many meaningless arguments.
True, it doesn't predict what happened in Spain and Ireland and USA and UK.

Funnily enough because a financial crisis is never predicted by many people.

Hardly anyone predicted the GFC, those that did didn't know when it would occur, and people were still buying houses in all markets just before everything crashed.

I wouldn't put stock in any property forecasting by property market "analysts" because they are the least able to see it.
I was offered 3 years recently. I said no, I'll just keep it going month to month.
Interesting. So what will the lending market look like in this scenario? High interest rates. I imagine I’d only need a deposit half 3/4 as large as I do currently?
&gt; I suspect 12% is very optimistic.

I think it is probably right on the money. Agree to disagree I suppose. 

&gt; Human psychology will play a big role here

People will hold onto their properties if the market falls - they will not panic sell during a downturn.
&gt; Funnily enough because a financial crisis is never predicted by many people.

You must not have been working in an industry with insight to the financial world at the time - I did/do and it was well known a downturn was coming. However, what was very much unknown was the timing, and that is because no one can accurately predict peaks and troughs.
I can just see the rush on the headline "The Block's final season"
Did you even read the article? It talks about a downturn of 12% over the next 4 years, which is coming from one of the more downbeat economists. That is not a price 'crash' nor is it certainly fast.
You are assuming a very rational "soft landing". Precisely what literally never happens. If you're a property investor seeing your (negatively geared) property losing value, the temptation to get out becomes overwhelming. 

Similarly, if you need to refinance your IO loan on your home and you can't find a lender to do it, you may not have a choice but to sell. 

There is already a level of panic, and it's barely started.
Not necessarily much higher interest rates, but it could be harder to borrow. A 10% deposit won't be enough, think closer to 40%. Of course, that would be 40% of a smaller amount.

Save your pennies.
Is it written by an Oracle that knows more than the rest of us?
So what you're saying is that you (or 'the rest of us') know better than the economist who this article is based on? 

The economist who has educated themselves in this field and has their honours as well as having 16 years on the job experience and has previously worked for the RBA - you know better than this guy?
&gt;Landlords will want to chain you in. I have already heard of 48 months terms being prepared.

Sorry, no pets.
≥People will hold onto their properties if the market falls - they will not panic sell during a downturn.

A lot of people will be forced to sell because they've invested poorly and can't make repayments
A lot of people - in the RBA, banks, the construction industry, etc - have based their careers and livelihoods on ever-rising property prices, as have the media: Fairfax has Domain; News has REA; every TV network has their property programs. A real estate crash will have a huge impact on them.

There are also plenty of highly educated and experienced economists who are saying there is an imminent crash. Generally these are the ones who don't have a financial interest in keeping the show going: Martin North; Philip Soos; etc.

There are plenty of pre-GST videos where these 'doomsayers' were laughed at by experienced economists: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8ypOqx95qw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8ypOqx95qw)
&gt;"The bottom line is no one really knows whether house prices will fall by 5 or 10 or 20 per cent," Dales says.

&gt;The timing is important, too. A 15 per cent fall in house prices is OK if it happens over five years, but a similar fall over 18 months is potentially much more problematic.

https://www.afr.com/markets/is-an-australian-financial-crisis-on-the-cards-20180612-h11act
If it gets too bad they will cut it in the middle of the season.

The punters won't be able to even stand the word "property"
I don't think the leash was for any animals... ;)
Perth housing market's still an anomaly worldwide. Typical median multiples are around 3-4, so there's still room for a 50% reduction in house prices to return to what would be considered normal.


&gt;Perth’s average house price was $528,300, which had a median multiple of 6.1 - that is, house prices are more than six times Perth’s average income of $87,300.

https://thewest.com.au/news/wa/perth-named-as-one-of-the-least-affordable-major-housing-markets-in-the-world-ng-b88364787z
No, I milk goats for a living and make cheese.

But I have a Masters in Economics and Bachelor in Engineering and a bronze medallion in swimming
But also you need to consider that the median multiples are often a function of size of the city and when comparing it to similar sized cities in the US and Canada it is not surprising
Why would they not be able to make repayments - the rent won't reduce. In fact, rent could rise if investors try to exit the market and owner occupiers buy up.
In 2010 there were whole streets I drove around in Sydney with every single house for sale. They were all foreclosed by bank and all selling for literally half what they had sold for in 2008.

Those same houses are now 4 times what they had dropped to in 2010.

There is definitely room for housing to fall fast in panic selling.
Congrats on the bronze medallion.
If they lose their jobs, or if they refinance to P+I and their repayments go up.

Rents won't rise because, among other reasons, a) they are already set at what the market can bear, and b) when prices fall, some renters buy.
Sure, losing your job is a risk any leveraged investor takes. I think you are incorrectly equating a property market fall to an economic slump.
These 2 things are inextricably linked. This is explained in other comments here.
you delusional renter, if you couldnt afford property before the crash you wont after either
Thanks. The hard work paid off.
People who live in what they own will hold tight unless they lose income/otherwise can no longer service the loan. People who have "investment properties" will panic sell because they can't actually afford to own the property, and if they wait too long they'll lose their own home too.
Unlike house prices, rent is somewhat capped. You can't get personal finance to rent long term because if you can't afford to pay for rent, you certainly can't afford to repay the loan.

Rental properties converting from rental into owner/occupier isn't actually reducing the rental market, at least not exactly. For a rented property to stop being a rented property, either someone who was previously renting is _also_ dropping out of the rental market, or someone who wasn't directly renting has to skip that step entirely.

Either way, most major cities in Australia are hitting a point of apartment oversupply. There are more apartments than there are renters or buyers. This means that rents in those apartments will dip just to get any income at all. This has a flow-on effect where people who would otherwise rent a house will now rent an apartment due to the comparatively low cost, so now _houses_ are struggling to find tennants and _their_ rental prices have to drop.

Brisbane is a pretty good example of this - 6-7 years ago, rentals were expensive and hard to get. Every open house had 10+ couples, application forms in hand. Now they're literally offering weeks to months of free rent, or free ipads to anyone willing to sign a lease.
Consider for a second that many people can't afford to sell. If the sale price is lower than their mortgage owing, then selling means they have to front up the shortfall. If they don't have that cash but can afford repayments they will just keep paying interest.

Consider also that anyone who bought more than 4 years ago in Sydney and Melbourne is sitting on a pretty healthy buffer between current value and mortgage amount.
Everyone will be fucked because our entire economy is built on this throne of lies. You'll have no job, and the government will be printing money like no tomorrow to try propping it up, which will inflate away any savings you have. Wages will not rise as they print money, leaving everyone poorer without them realising why.
Why not? I have a deposit ready to go, a crash would certainly make things more affordable for me.
&gt; I have already heard of 48 months terms being prepared.

In France that would be considered a short term rental.
OMG, how ill I finnish the $50,000 dollar driveway. I also need to finish the  30,000 window frame upgrade and likewise the 60,000 dollar Pergola and deck. The season has to continue so I can borrow some more money like  a drunken sailor. I just put the BMW750I on the house to match  with my new driveway.
Ireland was the worst bubble the drop was more than 60%. Ireland was even worst than Australian, every second person was a "property developer" not an investor the bubble was so stupid. There are now ghost town estates in Ireland. Just  google "ghost town estates Ireland" I would think the apartment market in Melbourne and Sydney is going to be in this position shortly because most are ghettos  unsuitable for families. Unfortunately its hard working people not the developers in Australia thats going to carry the burden of the  property market collapse. But it may well be that  stupid Chinese investors might move in and pick up the bargains because they play for generations not 10 or 15 years  on returns.
But
except Perth's size (and property prices) are pretty much hogtied to the mining boom that no longer exists.

&amp;#x200B;
Well if you can afford the repayments there's no problem except your lost money. 

And that equity can disappear quickly, especially if you've used it to leverage up on IPs or cars.
Cutting company tax means cutting government income which means less money for stimulus which means shitty economy when it all tanks.  Nice one Mr Trump, infiltrating this subreddit.....
No way, property prices have decreased dramatically since the boom or in other instances havent grown at all in like 6 years
Geez mate we aren’t Zimbabwe or some South American shit hole
Haha yeah got no sympathy for people who used additional equity to make consumption. But I'm not so convinced that these are the majority of people owning houses.
&gt;help the economy
I think this is an important point. 

We bought our home four years ago. Since then, it’s value increased by over $400k. A 12% downturn won’t worry us in the slightest. 

Unless.... what many are failing to realise here, if the economy really goes into recession, jobs will become unstable. And people without jobs won’t be picking up the cheaper homes that they’ve been waiting for.
Renter here, not everyone that rents can't afford to buy, there are ways other than property to invest and make money.

I'm sitting back building a war chest. If the market crashes I'll be taking full advantage. If it doesn't crash, I'll just keep renting at this ridiculously low rental yields.

There are plenty of delusional renters out there but don't underestimate the prepared renter.
Investors dominated the market over the last few years and owner occupiers got sucked into interest only loans. This could get real nasty if the economy tanks and people start losing their jobs.
It doesn't matter. Prices are set by those buying and selling.
Yes, u/eatsleepborrow, Ireland and now us -

“The point is, we are screwed as a country because of the wrongdoing of others”

https://youtu.be/YD-xxoQwOo4
I'm curious, what area was this in?
It could be one worth keeping an eye on almost like a canary in the coal mine type situation
Every suburb around Rooty Hill and Mt Druitt. $550,000 4 bd townhouses down to $240,000. They are all over $800,000 now
That’s the area I thought
Townhouses that far down the M4 shouldn’t have prices starting with a 5 let alone an 8!!
At high company tax rate, only loss making company are attracted. Just look at singapore. Why so many profit making firms there despite the high rental costs?
Low company tax means many companies will use Singapore as a hub for inter-company intellectual property sales. This requires relatively low manpower but derives high profits. Singapore doesn't see much of that.

Meanwhile the Aussie arm of the company licences that IP, pays off the saleforce out of earnings, and has little if any company tax to pay anyway.

Google, Microsoft, Adobe all do it.

On the other hand, the increased profits from lower taxes in the vast majority of cases goes to shareholders, not the end worker. 

Sure the is probably merit in aligning company taxes with some lower charging countries, but doing it for jobzngrowth without extensive modeling means the outcome could be a lot worsr than expected
I think you are delusional if you think there aren't plenty of people like me, able, now, to buy something, but in no hurry whatsoever and happy to chill on the sides while prices continue to fall.

Summary:
Prices are set by those buying and selling.
Renter here, not everyone that rents can't afford to buy, there are ways other than property to invest and make money.
Wait until there is desperation in property market to buy.
Consider for a second that many people can't afford to sell.
It almost like I want this to happen...
Then as a result, more people will be able to afford to buy homes who now rent.
≥People will hold onto their properties if the market falls - they will not panic sell during a downturn.
Rents are also likely to drop - I believe they have a bit already.
It's also more than what a lot of economists were predicting in the US/Ireland/Spain.
If they don't have that cash but can afford repayments they will just keep paying interest.
I have a deposit ready to go, a crash would certainly make things more affordable for me.
I think this is an important point.
Why would they not be able to make repayments - the rent won't reduce.
I think it is probably right on the money.
I have already heard of 48 months terms being prepared.
&gt; I have already heard of 48 months terms being prepared.
That is not a price 'crash' nor is it certainly fast.
&gt; Human psychology will play a big role here

People will hold onto their properties if the market falls - they will not panic sell during a downturn.
There is definitely room for housing to fall fast in panic selling.
you delusional renter, if you couldnt afford property before the crash you wont after either.
