Original Response:
I think about this a lot. And I can't see what I am doing that would come off that way. Once I left college, I left the bar scene. So no more semi-drunk me staggering up to you. I try hard to find good segways. Like if I see someone at a record store browsing in my section...I offer suggestions. Stuff like that. 

I like who I am, but I don't like being called creepy and annoying.
maybe you need to stop going up to random women in stores looking to shop and instead you go look for women looking to date like speed dating, online dating, or bars (but don't drink or get drunk)
I don't see the difference between a bar or a store? Still walking up to a random chick. And they may assume you're drunk. Does every women who goes to a bar wanna hook up?
the difference is a woman in a store has no interest in finding a date while many women in bars do know it is a dating scene. not every woman wants to hook up but it is the normal and expected place to find dates and partners and hook ups
Most people in bars aren't who the alcohol advertises.
Don't ask for advice if you're going to argue everything.
I would rather have an assumption made about me with some evidence compiled, then a pre-determination.
Not arguing, looking for further explanation as to what they mean. And trying to explain myself more.
I was already told my original explanation was insufficient.
I have no clue what you mean by this. you want the bars to have beautiful models/actresses in them?
Dude you cannot even understand the most simple things. It's not like every women at a bar wants to hook up, but most people go there to meet new people, talk with them, have a good time and yeah, maybe hook up. This is the purpose of bars, at least for most people. Shops on the other side are there to buy stuff, thats it. Of course people get creeped out if you are trying to hit on them at a place like this, since they didn't go there for this purpose. If you don't like to ve called creepy or annoying, a good place to start would be to stop annoying people who just want to mind their own business.
People's emotions, thoughts, feelings all change with alcohol. Dicks can become gentlemen and gentlemen can become dicks.
I also have Autism. I am trying to think out of that box.
all you need to do at a bar is ask women to dance see if you can talk to them and get to know them (which no matter what people may lie) and try to get their number for a second date. no need to talk to dudes.

Summary:
I don't see the difference between a bar or a store?
Dicks can become gentlemen and gentlemen can become dicks.
I am trying to think out of that box.
