Original Response:
I've said this for years; but he did all the innovating and selling of electric vehicles, and now the big boys (GM, Toyota, etc) are starting to ramp up production and pump out electric vehicles.  Pretty soon they'll bury Tesla with better manufacturing and sales capabilities, essentially capitalizing on his company doing all the initial leg work.
Sort of like all the big cell phone manufacturer copying the iPhone and burying Apple?
Not really as Apple was an established company before the iPhone that had a large inventory or different successful products.  Telsa has only ever offered electric cars, and has not been consistently profitable (or ever other than a few quarterly reports).
Also the Apple Store was around since 2001 and was its already earning billions of dollars in retail revenue per year by the time the iPhone launched. Not really comparable at all.
&gt;Sort of like all the big cell phone manufacturer copying the iPhone and burying Apple

Does anybody else remember when Apple was losing billions of dollars every year selling iphones at a loss? Oh wait, that never happened.
Apple is not buried, in fact they’ve flourished. Do you see anyone else charging $1500 for a phone and people are still willing to buy?
&gt; Telsa has only ever offered electric cars,

... and solar panels, solar shingles, residential batteries, and somewhere between prototype and fully implementable grid scale batteries (like the one in Australia).
https://money.cnn.com/1997/07/03/markets/stockswatch/

Apple Computer Inc.'s stock continued to slide, hitting a new 12-year low, as investors voiced concern over a key clone-maker's decision to begin shipping PC-compatible units. 

&gt; Does anybody else remember when Apple was losing billions of dollars every year selling iphones at a loss? Oh wait, that never happened.

Can’t remember the ‘90’s eh?
Do take a look at proposed numbers of electric cars from “traditional” manufacturers. None of them are even planning the volumes that Tesla is doing. Batteries are a huge bottleneck and Tesla with the Gigafactory is way ahead of the competition
I said iPhones. Can't read too good, eh?
[deleted]
You can't tell me that they won't find a way to remove the bottleneck.   The traditional car makers are extremely good fixing inefficiencies in their manufacturing processes.  

They are also very efficient at responding to market demand.  They aren't "planning" large volumes, but if the market demands it you can bet they will move heaven and earth to get those vehicles out the door.

The fact of the matter is that the big boys are well established, have the funds available, and have institutionalized the exact abilities necessary to flood the market with vehicles that they can build, sell, and maintain.  

Lastly, a note on the last point, if for no other reason, Telsa is in no shape to be able to compete with the maintenance ability of the big boys.  There's just no way it can compete with the years of dealer saturation that the Big 3 and most of the major Japanese and Korean brands have attained.
I agree but they had some help from Tesla as well opening up their parents. Massive leapfrog for engineering from the other players. 

[Tesla Opens Patents](https://www.tesla.com/en_CA/blog/all-our-patent-are-belong-you)

Or am I understanding that wrong?



*spelling
Tesla’s brand recognition won’t be so easily squashed, Tesla has that sex appeal especially to new upcoming money.
I totally get that there are difference. But Tesla has that fanboyism and ultra desirable product, very similar to apple.  It's the most "lifestyle" brand of any of the auto manufactures. So I think even with other companies competing, there's still a place for Tesla to thrive.
Right. I was being sarcastic.
How? By designing lower quality vehicles that nobody wants and then sending them to dealerships to be upsold? Tesla is a luxury brand. How many luxury electric cars are being produced by the big boys yet? 

As soon as the self driving trucks are able to drive 24/7, how long do you think tesla will stay in logistics hell?
The solar roof tiles were just a trick to get shareholders to approve of the SolarCity bailout. In the two years since they have not installed any, have produced no test data to indicate that they are researching it, and have made no announcements about when they will start installing them.

But, in true Tesla fashion, you can go put a deposit on your non-existent solar tiles.

They bought a dying solar panel business that has continued to atrophy under Tesla's watch--look at the solar sales numbers and tell me that is a product they're interested in offering.
https://www.google.ca/amp/s/electrek.co/2018/04/02/tesla-solar-roof-customer-installation-working/amp/

Last week (end of March 2018) we reported on the first few customer installations of the new Tesla solar roof tiles, but the systems were unfortunately not up and running due to delays with the local electric utility.

Now one of those first customer installations is now connected to the grid and working.
introducing the ipod and not selling at a loss dug them out of that
tolas was being sarcastic.
[deleted]
They still lost huge amounts of money.
So was I. My point is that Tesla's situation isn't anything like Apple's.
LOL, you realize this just reinforces my argument?

A product that was presented as being fully developed has been installed on the homes of twelve people in two years. But yeah, it's a super healthy solar business. Totally not just a naked bail out of Elon's cousins.

[http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/TESLA-SOLAR/010071KY31D/index.html](http://fingfx.thomsonreuters.com/gfx/rngs/TESLA-SOLAR/010071KY31D/index.html)
&gt; The solar roof tiles were just a trick to get shareholders to approve of the SolarCity bailout. In the two years since they have not installed any, have produced no test data to indicate that they are researching it, and have made no announcements about when they will start installing them.

Well this seems categorically false as per the article I posted.

&gt; But, in true Tesla fashion, you can go put a deposit on your non-existent solar tiles.

They do exist, as per the article I posted. Maybe not in the volumes you want - but they’re now available and there are working ones in customers hands right now.

&gt; They bought a dying solar panel business that has continued to atrophy under Tesla's watch--look at the solar sales numbers and tell me that is a product they're interested in offering.

Seems like Musk overpromised on delivery times. I’ve come to expect this - it doesn’t mean it’s not going to happen.
[deleted]
&gt; They will continue to do a token number of installations of solar roofs to prevent being sued for securities fraud, but that will likely be it.

People said the same thing about the model 3
Production #’s.

I guess we’ll see whose right this time.
&gt; None of them are even planning the volumes that Tesla is doing.

Daimler wants 15-25% of its vehicles [to be full EV's](https://www.marklines.com/en/report/rep1667_201801) in 2025.

Daimler is investing heavily in battery technology.

Volkswagen wants [50 full EV models[(https://cleantechnica.com/2017/09/12/50-new-100-electric-car-models-2025-volkswagen-group/) by 2025.
Regardless, he's pointing out something that makes sense. Why didn't IBM bury Microsoft or Apple? 

Those companies are all gigantic, very bureaucratic and moves like this require the approval of old/outdated executives.
No, apple sells an ecosystem of products that all work together or essentially not at all. Tesla is not the same.
I mean, sure. But compared to other auto companies they certainly have way more of an ecosystem. Solar roof tiles &gt; power wall &gt; electric car. And Elon is only going to grow that ecosystem with new ideas and products. A home HVAC could be an easy obvious one. All of these areas are ripe for innovation or great product design.
It is not similar at all to Apple unless they make all the cars only able to effectively charge with their batteries or something similar.
...Like building massive battery factories and a nationwide charging network.
No, not as things stand, in terms of battery, only Nissan has battery production capabilities to match Tesla. Benz might be there in the next 5-10 years, but they don't have battery divisions.

Add on to that, Tesla doesn't have back pensions to pay, and , and this is big, they don't have dealerships, and once they get going they will have a huge advantage over other companies.
Tesla is probably the largest LI battery producer in the world, they sell battery packs, they make solar panels (solar city is now Tesla), and they recently did a large infrastructure project in Australia that has solved a lot of problems with their grid.

Summary:
Tesla is not the same.
Tesla is a luxury brand.
&gt; None of them are even planning the volumes that Tesla is doing.
&gt; But, in true Tesla fashion, you can go put a deposit on your non-existent solar tiles.
None of them are even planning the volumes that Tesla is doing.
Sort of like all the big cell phone manufacturer copying the iPhone and burying Apple?
But, in true Tesla fashion, you can go put a deposit on your non-existent solar tiles.
&gt; The solar roof tiles were just a trick to get shareholders to approve of the SolarCity bailout.
&gt; Does anybody else remember when Apple was losing billions of dollars every year selling iphones at a loss?
