Original Response:
I was a pack a day smoker, so one week is HUGE for me. Especially since i work in a tobacco shop. The second i started vaping, i haven’t picked up a cigarette. 



The only downfall - I’m vaping with nicotine. Would you guys consider that quitting smoking?  I’m ridiculously proud of myself, but a lot of my more cranky regular customers are telling me that I’m not ACTUALLY quitting &amp; that I’m only fooling myself. Sadly, it’s discouraging me a bit. 



So - can i say i quit, or am i just lying?
I would say don't listen to them. It's not nicotine that's the most harmful in a cigarette. It's a lot of other stuff that's the by product of burning tobacco. 

It's better to vape than smoke. Give it another week and you will notice the difference. 

Keep vaping.
I definitely will keep on vaping! I’m sad it took me this long - just finally got sick of not being able to breathe walking up a hill lol. My boyfriend and i picked up hiking, so it really sucked when he would be all the way up an incline and i would be struggling at the middle. Finally said fuck it and got a vape - the stop smoking app DEFINITELY has helped !
First, the action of “smoking” (burning something and it going into your lungs) itself is a huge part of the negative effects of cigarettes, so you’ve gotten rid of that.

Second, all the shit that burns (preservatives and other shitty particles) that burn and go into your lungs, those are gone too.

Being addicted to nicotine isn’t a moral failing and it’s about as bad for you as caffeine (not a doctor but that’s my understanding).

Don’t let them get you down, you’re doing great!
Thanks friend :) that means a lot!
I've always kind of thought that with vapes but do you know of any studies or research papers that support that claim? I just want to have evidence to back up that claim if I ever had to convince someone.
Here's a google doc with links to a ton of studies.  The most cited one is from England's National Health Services which estimated that vaping is 95% safer than smoking.  

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/17H3rBQIroLZdleUBalP45BG9PlXsSyL-DQPIbGRvY-I/htmlview#gid=0&amp;vpid=A2%23subs
I felt easily 10 years younger after 30 days vaping. I could walk up 3 flights of stairs without being winded.
Holy shit thanks that's perfect!!
I did not create that list, but I'm glad it is helpful :D
Pretty sure that it’s vaping is 95% less harmful than smoking, it’s a big difference in our favor :)
Good sources. Thought it was all "www.buyanecignow2018.com/why-ecig-healthier-buy-now", but definitely captures both sides of the argument.

Imo, eliquid that is propylene glycol, vegetable glycerin, and nicotine as the only ingredients it is harmless..
Nicotine is actually beneficial, not harmful. Ask anyone with schizophrenia.. it works as an antipsychotic. that's one, and another is that it's actually considered as a nootropic
Aye, that's what I meant.  Pardon my word conflation!

Summary:
I definitely will keep on vaping!
It's not nicotine that's the most harmful in a cigarette.
It's better to vape than smoke.
The only downfall - I’m vaping with nicotine.
