Original Response:
I was at this place called ACS where I met this man named Chris. I was there for treatment while this guy lived on the top floor in an Appartment. I was there for drug use and scitzophrenia. I was paranoid cops where after me and that people could hear my thoughts. So I thought this man named Chris was a cop so we played a basketball game of pig. Earlier in my life I saw a vision of Blessed Mother Mary on top of our milking barn. While I was playing with him I kept saying in my head.. let me go I saw Mary. I took three outside 3 pointers and every time time I shot I thought the thought. If I make this shot I saw a vision of Mary. After I missed all three shots he turned to me and asked.. do you know Mother Teresa? At this point I was like okay.. that was weird. We proceeded to play the game and later he wanted me to listen to these three cds. This is what the tree were named. The book of Enoch, Something like ‘Christmas music’, and misty Edwards. While we were playing basketball he had on a black vest. He went into his room and came back out a purple zipper pull tab. While I slept I listened the the Enoch, Christmas music instrumentals, and the first song of the misty Edwards cd. I then gave the cd and CD player back to him. I then went into his room and he wanted me to read this single page from revelation. I then read one line from the middle of the paper which read he who holds the world and handed it back to him. I then left the room and went on with my day. I later went outside to smoke a cigarette and I sat next to him and without me paying any attention he elbowed my elbow. I then later went to an AA meeting with this girl named summer whiting. I also thought she was a cop so I would talk to her and be nice to her. I noticed she was carrying a purple gateraide. She sat by me and at the end of the meeting we were about to hold  hands and say the Lord’s Prayer and summer put her head down and said I’m sorry. She then held my hand until the prayer was over and while we were saying the prayer I felt something deep within. Like something was eating at my insides. I then later saw Chris and summer sitting outside together where it looked like Chris was avoiding her and she was smiling and talked to him. My time was up at ASC and I got moved to the Arbor halfway house. She followed me to Arbor and wrote me a letter thanking me for being there for her and what not. I She asked me if I would sit with her while she smoked a cigarette. I said yes as I quit smoking and chewing a couple weeks earlier. All this happened in Oct, Nov, and Dec of 2017. She was then listening to a song by Griz where she was singing along and said I’m the reaper. After I heard this I completely avoided her and wouldn’t talk to her until one night she got a dui and was crying and asked if I would talk to her. Before this she played that one YouTube video of will ferrel video of the song don’t fear the reaper while will Ferrell says I need more cowbell. While at ACS we used to eat these sour mike and ikes. Then at Arbor she gave me another box. About 6 months before this I was walking to my parents house on the highway and I was walking in the line in the middle kinda hoping to get hit. By the grace of of God I almost got hit a semi and the semi almost hit the ditch. Jesus had more planned for me. I was then mopping the floor and I saw summer walk the vinyl line. I later was in the kitchen and I set my cup down on the table and I noticed that the way my cup looked by all the other ones I looked like a Stella consolation. Later on in the day I went to the kitchen and I saw summer by the island with cups and a blue power aide as the Stella star. And as soon as I saw it she walked away. I was then sitting in the living watching tv when summer came out of her room and I thought I heard something almost like I heard her thought. She asked me if she could use my calling card because the phone wouldn’t go long distance. I went and grabbed my card and went I handed it to her she touched me and I never heard it again. She then tried going around halfway house giving stuff to people to try and touch them is what I think. Flashback to before she got this dui. I was sitting in the living room on the chair watching tv again and she asked people if they wanted to go to the Strawberry a bar in town. She asked two people and either I never heard them say anything or they never said anything and just follows her. She then sat on the arm rest of the chair and put her arm around me and said let’s go to the Strawberry. I said no and would barely talk to her. She said I want to kiss you. If I remember right still didn’t say anything. Maybe said no about a couple times. She then gave up and the three left. The guy that was sitting in the chair next to me when over to the calendar hanging on the wall and started lightly banging his head on it in front of me. Now this is where it gets crazy. About a week or two before this I was laying in bed. And I thought do you want to lick me amd then I vfelt someting like touch my neck and I heard in her voice like a licking noise and a haha. I then had the thought.. what if I kill you? I then heard a voice in that sounded like hers say.. pewwwww boom. I then went to bed. It was either that night or a a few nights later I was sound asleep and I woke up to what felt like someone or something was holding my head to the side to where I couldn’t move and I felt something bite my neck. I then became angry and several moments later I kept thinking I’m gonna kill you. I then did not sleep with my lamp or room light off until my Roomate came/ she left. While I was writing this in the tractor tonight I had one AirPod in and as soon as I wrote the name Chris I heard like a whip noise and then the first time I wrote summer whiting I also heard a whipping noise. Now this is as truthfully as I can remember and put it. Remember to put Jesus in your heart. You guys can think what you want. What are your thoughts?
Im not saying no but what are the chances it wasnt a demon or the drugs playing tricks on your mind
Idk man. Clean as a whistle at the time
That still leaves a demon lol
What do you mean?
I cant sit herecand tell you that you did or didnt meet the anti christ only God Knows but what purpose would it be? You realise if you did how significant that is ? But maybe its possible a demon or satan  is tormentting you. Stay stead fast in your prayers and the Lord shall deliver you
Why would that be significant?
Jesus is coming back but you can find out more by reading revelations.
Jesus has been *coming back* for 2000 years
Is that a complete sentence?
As in Ppl have been claiming he will come again for 2000 years now, they rlly need to make up their minds in a time or just give up
So tellme stranger do you know when you will die?
What does that have to do with bullshit claims that Jesus is coming back again soon
Apparently nothing if you think the bible is bullshit. 😐
All I pointed out was that ppl have been saying will come back soon for 2000 years and that it’s a stupid thing
How is it stupid ? Jesus will come back regarless if it is in our  lifetime or not he still coming back . now how is it stupid to have faith  when the world is full of choas and destruction
Its stupid to continue to make wild baseless claims that Jesus is returning now when there is no way to know

It’s pointless
Paitence is key my friend thats why its called Hope. But hey your entitled to your own opinion
No hope is hope, patience is patience. Hope and patience do not have a necessary relationship.
I never said they did but they do realy on Faith in my opinion

Summary:
I then went to bed.
I then had the thought.. what if I kill you?
She said I want to kiss you.
I then left the room and went on with my day.
I said no and would barely talk to her.
Jesus has been *coming back* for 2000 years.
No hope is hope, patience is patience.
She then gave up and the three left.
What does that have to do with bullshit claims that Jesus is coming back again soon.
I She asked me if I would sit with her while she smoked a cigarette.
