Original Response:
my boyfriend and I have been together for a while now and we used to have a lot of sex and want it a lot more. We've communicated about it but we're not sure what to do. He's also my best friend and we have no boundaries and we are completely comfortable with doing everything in front of each other. Like everything.. and I LOVE this part of our relationship.. but it does take away from the sexiness of it. I don't want to lose the friendship part though.. what should we/I do? I've started to imagine other guys (not specific ones, they usually don't have an identity in my head) or even multiple ones to get myself off.. ://////////// srry.
* not living together

* not seeing each other every day

* having independent lives with hobbies, interests and friendships that the other person is not a part of

* having interesting experineces outside the relationship (so that you have something to talk about)

* keeping boring domestic routine to minimum and focusing on having fun together

* not sacrificing novelty, excitement and passion for familiarity, convenience and safety
Not living together...?
It facilitates all of the other suggestions
Yup. Spending less time together makes the time spent together feel better, and you are not subjected to lot of the tedium of managing a household together. Avoiding hedonic adaptation and unpleasant interactions are very good for a relationship.
And while works for some. (Tint percent of most people I'm guessing) is a very drastic choice.
99/100 would probably disagree with you. Me and my partner included. Very drastic choice to make.
They don't, though. 

There's nothing drastic about not moving in together. In fact, it's incredibly common among the 40+ crowd who have full and independent lives and maybe kids from a previous relationship. It's almost the norm when people are not looking to start a family but want someone purely for love, sex and good company.
It's not.
I welcome you to lurk around /r/datingoverthirty, i believe you'll quickly discover what people's real preferences are. I've seen countless posters mention that they have no plans to cohabitate again, and for good reason. In many ways, being together but living apart is the ideal arrangement.
Reddit is a bubble on its own of extremes and very different opinions and choices from the normal. You could browse r/sex and think yourself a prude because reddit in general skews to the extreme. Nobody posts on reddit that they are normal and have a normal life.
Oh, it's not just Reddit. You must be quite young, if you don't see this phenomenon in your circle of friends and acquaintances.

If you are interested in learning more, a good search term is "living apart together".
Having own hobbies, doing your own thing, time apart is all good things. Makes you miss each other. But living together is nice.
I'm n,ot disagreeing with you that it's not a thing. It's just not as common as you seem to think it. I don't know a single person who would agree with you across many different age ranges. My age itself is irrelevant.
You are free to do your own research. I think you'll be surprised. :)
Im sure i could. But any research I do would surely be skewed? Again no one researches the normal. Because no one is interested in how people are average.
thanks for replying!! These sound like they would work in theory but the thing with couples (at least in my experience) is that some of these things don't end up being practical. Like living together just turns into a natural progression, and then you see more and more of each other, and then eventually you start sharing the same hobbies and interests and friends and so on so forth. I wish it was simpler, but it's hard to keep a life separate from your relationship sometimes
It's important to miss each other sometimes, but also living together is natural after a certain point in a relationship I think! But missing someone makes you feel very differently then when you see them everyday. Wish there was a happy medium :/

Summary:
But living together is nice.
But any research I do would surely be skewed?
Makes you miss each other.
It's important to miss each other sometimes, but also living together is natural after a certain point in a relationship I think!
I think you'll be surprised.
