Original Response:
Hahaha oh god. This reminds me of a guy who used to call a restaurant I worked at and ask any female who answered the phone what colour socks we were wearing. It was before caller ID was put in so we never knew when he was calling.
I can't decide if I want to laugh or feel bad for the person picking up the phone
Well?
Feel bad? 

"Hey bb wut color socks"

"Black. Is that all?"
When I did customer care for a certain credit cards call center, we had a regular caller who would very quietly ask a question, so quiet you can't hear it. You'd have to ask him to speak up, since as long as you can hear another person and it seems like they're responding you can't just hang up. This guy would make you repeat yourself asking him to speak up a half dozen times before finally saying very loudly "do you mind if I jerk my cock while I talk to you?" I only ever got his call once, but I immediately hung up on him. Gross shit.
What color socks are the specials wearing, today?
"Food doesn't wear socks. Please stop calling."
Holy shit that’s hilarious
Well, it was usually pretty funny. But restaurants regularly have 14-17 year olds working at them so it isn't super funny when a child picks up the phone to that.
No it's not. It's creepy af
Hilariously creepy
Worked for this ISP doing overnight tech support on a team of about only 13-14 people and this guy would always call around the same time at like 2 in the morning. He would only speak with the women on the team. If he called and got a guy he would immediately hang up. We always knew when he was calling because all the guys would get hang ups one after another. Around half the team was female so sometimes he would get a woman right away. Once he got a female on the phone he would just say perverted shit and would whisper it. Most of the females would just immediately hang up on him but there was this one girl who was like fuck it and would try talking to him. This would really throw him off because he was expecting a woman to be disgusted and I think that might of been what got him off.  When this one female would get him she would just act really sarcastic by saying stuff like "Oh really, that's great...."  He actually stopped talking to her after a couple of times and would hang up on her. He eventually got charged iirc or the police might have had him committed. I'm not sure what the outcome was because he was in North Carolina but he stopped calling. The brainiac forgot he was calling not only his ISP but we were also his phone company so we had all of his information.
What if your food gets cold feet?
The difference between comedy and tragedy is distance.
I used to work at a beauty supply store, and we had a man who would call a couple times a month asking what kind of cotton we had, it was always funny when a new girl would answer not knowing about him, and try to answer all his weird cotton questions as he got more and more turned on. They learned pretty quickly.
and time
That was me. Sorry.
Its fucking RAW
Sorry but lol.
Charged with what? Was he breaking any law calling a bunch of times and being creepy?
As a woman who works for a crisis hotline and have gotten prank calls from men using the line as wank fodder, it's not hilarious to me. It can feel really violating.
Sexual harrassment?
This is “like” that, but so, so different.
Same thing tho
[deleted]
What a dummy haha!
My sister got flashed by a guy at work and the cops found him at a place called Wiener Land. Creepy as fuck? Yes. Hilarious? I think we can all agree.
If two things have ever rang more true its that humor is not subjective and i am a liar.
That's what *69 was for! To those who have no clue what that is, you dialed *69 after someone called you and it told you the number of the last caller, I'm not trying to make a 69 joke or anything lol
Yes that is against the law.
Get details. Report back.
Found the guy who was calling.
[removed]
My wife worked at a Victorias Secret call center and would always get a guy who would ask if he should park his car in his sister's garage.
Reddit thinks I’m defending the guy when I’m just asking a question. Didn’t realize you could get charged with sexual harassment for making perverted comments over the phone. But whatever I’ll roll with the downvotes
When I worked as a telephone operator back in the 90s, we had an infamous guy that would call and ask the operators what kind of shoes they were wearing.  I'm a guy and he'd always hang up when I answered.
I work at a hotel and while training someone last year, we began to receive a series of phone calls from the same guy. He'd pretend to make a reservation, then halfway thru he'd ask if you were wearing shoes and keep asking creepy questions. I recognized right away what was going on, and alerted my trainee. I answered several more calls from him over my next several shifts and called him out as soon as I'd hear his creepy voice. He'd hang up right away. Eventually he stopped calling. It was kind of scary, since I normally work alone, I didn't know if he was watching or just being gross. I've been in the industry long enough to stand my ground though.
Aside for the sexual stuff in sone places (not sure about the US) disruption of a public service could be on the table since it's an ISP/phone company
Yeah that makes sense. I was legit asking a question and Reddit is just coming down on me lol. Thanks for the reply
It's not right to call them specials. They're people too, you know!
when you want to be absolutely, 100% sure you get the SJW high ground, just mention that someone somewhere is underage.
this was an obvious troll, he wasnt really jerking off, and he had no intention of talking to you. he was just another guy who hates call centers.
14 Year olds can work where you are!?
[deleted]
idk man it must be pretty weird knowing some creep might jerk it to the idea of your socks later
and what SJW high ground did this person get by mentioning age?
Yes and in a restaurant they are typically  a host/hostess and answer phone calls.
Yeah, how "sjw" of me to say it isn't funny when 14 year olds have to answer the phone to a weirdo pervert. /s
When I was last in Amsterdam, I spoke to a waitress who was chuckling to herself about the customer before me. Apparently he pulled her to one side and offered her 1000 Euros if she'd tell him about her jeans... nothing sexual, per se, just her describing what her jeans felt like to wear.  


Bafflingly (to me, anyway) she declined. I was tempted to run after the guy and tell him about my jeans.
I don't see what's wrong with asking a question. People jump to conclusions too easily.
As long as your sister gives permission, and is legally capable of giving permission to others, it's probably fine, although local laws may govern fees regarding garage use.
SPACE IS A 4D HYPERCUBE, AND I AM THE 9/11!

(Too soon?)
Very special people, no less!
Uhhh, the whole "not molesting children" thing? Stupid SJWs, insisting that women and children have rights. Everyone's an SJW these days!
Haha I had a guy a few weeks ago casually throw in, "I like to ask millenials this, how can something be in free fall, and have massive resistance at the same time?" He was speaking about 9/11
I mean I'm just going to point out that the way you phrased it sounded very defensive. Also maybe it's because you haven't experienced any kind of sexual harassment firsthand but most people know that this falls under sexual harassment which is against the law in most places.
It's the way he phrased the question that makes him sound defensive of the guy, at least that's what it looked like to me.
Eh, it's just internet points. The question was warranted since it's not always obvious. 

Also, it's as usual very US-centric of reddit to assume that everyone knows shit about the US's, well, name it, really.

So yeah, don't worry about that shit, it's par for the course.
What difference does it make? Someone calls and asks a stupid question, they get a stupid answer. If they want to jerk off from that, then who cares?
What kind of mental disorder would this be considered?
Pitchforks at the ready!
Why cotton tho?
if it exists there is a wierd person somewhere into it.

hell even things that dont exist turn some people on lol

lol at least cotton would be a cheap ass turn on , but yeah bothering randoms is not cool
They're fetishes.
Plot Twist: This is a friend she hasn't spoken to since High School, about to launch into her MLM spiel about how her organic, non gmo, cruelty-free fiber supplements will change her life!
Shameless plug for /r/antimlm
* #bossmom
Good lord, is that a real hashtag that they use?
There is no shame in plugging that sub.
[removed]
Or #bossbabe
Please no. 

Why not just "boss"? Like, if you're talking about your skills with running a business (I assume), why undercut yourself with words like "babe" or "mom".
In fact, once you sign up enough people to the sub, you have a permanent income stream.
Oh it gets better: Momtrepreneur.
It's more about the "opportunity" to be a boss while still having time to be a mom or have a babe lifestyle.
Because they aren’t really the boss of anything
Now that you pointed it out, it's the only thing I can think it is.

Summary:
Found the guy who was calling.
If he called and got a guy he would immediately hang up.
I'm a guy and he'd always hang up when I answered.
It's not right to call them specials.
This reminds me of a guy who used to call a restaurant I worked at and ask any female who answered the phone what colour socks we were wearing.
Someone calls and asks a stupid question, they get a stupid answer.
What difference does it make?
They're people too, you know!
We always knew when he was calling because all the guys would get hang ups one after another.
he was just another guy who hates call centers.
I don't see what's wrong with asking a question.
He would only speak with the women on the team.
He'd hang up right away.
I was legit asking a question and Reddit is just coming down on me lol.
