Original Response:
I'm curious how everyone keeps their shoes from getting scuffed by the shifter? I see there are some products available but I'm thinking there must be an at home solution. Maybe electrical tape?  I just bought a new pair of white shoes and I want to wear them to work but I dont want them to get ruined.
Well you should be wearing boots that cover your ankles so that's a start.
Yeah I know this but sometimes I don't want to wear riding boots everywhere I go.
You won't say that when you wreck.
Just don't crash lol
Even at 10mph if you lay the bike down and your foot gets pinned under it that's instant skin removal to the bone. If you need something dressy that covers your ankle there are options. This one isn't cheaper than an MX boot but hopefully it gives the right idea https://www.redwingheritage.com/us/USD/product/mens-footwear/6-inch-boots/sheldon-teak-featherstone-09073
I've wrecked going 40 and slid with my leg pinned under the bike. Your pants will get fucked way before your feet do.
This sub has a boner for ATGATT, and for good reason. 

I certainly don't wear everything I should every ride though so... yeah.
Not wearing boots *sometimes* is a seriously innocuous thing. Something like that is 100% his decision on whether it's worth the risk.
Virtually any pair of over the ankle boots is better than some flimsy shoes.
I have dumped a bike in a low-speed corner like that. I had a tore up but functional boot and a bruised foot. If I would have worn some flimsy gymwear instead of boots I probably would have broken my foot instead.
If that's how you slide, sure. My dad's a paramedic (he rides too) and had a patient last year who was in armired jacket, pants, gloves, full face...and New Balances. He went down on the freeway and his foot found itself between the bike and the ground for a significant portion of the slide and was ground to shit. Just a meaty, crunchy dangle thing attached to the lower leg. 

Getting a leg pinned under sounds like a bad time too though. I finally started wearing armored pants and I feel much better.
Yeah, I'm pretty short so that might be it. I didn't get my pants ripped up surprisingly, might've been the rain.

Summary:
Well you should be wearing boots that cover your ankles so that's a start.
Virtually any pair of over the ankle boots is better than some flimsy shoes.
