Original Response:
For the better part of a year my mom has been excited about seeing this man who's name I won't share at this time. He  claims to heal people in the name of God and has a huge church in Nigeria. There are many videos (personally I am unimpressed) of supposedly curing people and knowing people's issues before the people share them.

I have mixed feelings because my mother is not well and I am a non African young adult female and she wants me to go with her. She's planning on going to the embassy this week. Two outsider females in a strange land going 7k miles away from home to see someone who could be who he says he is or could be a charlatan and a heretic is a huge risk that I don't know I'm willing to take. 

What should I do?

I should also say that I do believe is spirits and demons and demons and don't want to put myself in a position to be possessed by an unholy entity.

UPDATE:
My mother is much more ill than she has let on. She struggles daily from past medical procedures along WITH diabetes. She is literally so desperate and I'm so much that she doesn't care whether she dies during the trip. She's convinced that she will be healed by her faith. I explained to her my reservations about the prophet being a fraud but she doesn't care. She doesn't believe he is a fraud, therefore in her mind he is not.

I'm fearful that I won't have a mother at the end of all of this.
This man will also try to take her money. Plain and simple.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
I know Nigerians have a bad rap but I don't think they would be asking for money outside of traditional tithe and offering which any person is at liberty to deny.
It is a legitimate church in that it is a true organization not just a guy in his living room.
Priestly scammers are international and exist regardless of their church's "legitimacy." A few high-profile examples:

* [Jim Bakker, accredited minister of the Assemblies of God (4th largest Christian denomination in the world) and one of the most prominent televangelists of his age, was convicted in 1989 of defrauding his followers out of millions of dollars](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Bakker#Crimes). He is the primary reason that televangelists are now treated with skepticism instead of trust.

* [David Cho, founder of the world's largest Christian congregation, was convicted in 2011 of embezzling $12 million from his flock.](https://www.christianitytoday.com/news/2014/february/founder-of-worlds-largest-megachurch-convicted-cho-yoido.html)

* [Henry Lyons, former president of the U.S. National Baptist Convention, pled guilty to embezzling $4 million from the community he led.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_Lyons)

Legitimacy does not protect you. Period.
Thanks for the links. I noticed your flair says Atheist. 

Would you believe yourself to be a tad biased on this matter, being skeptical of the existence of a higher power ( my understanding of atheism )?
Biased in the post I just wrote? No. I was communicating a fact, not an opinion.

It is a fact that the "legitimacy" of any organization, including churches, cannot prevent internal con artists from abusing its members. [Affinity fraud](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affinity_fraud) is always a risk.

Well-managed organizations can mitigate that risk to some degree, but in the end, you must always exercise your own judgment about who to trust rather than relying on institutional *bona fides*.
Christian here, we are not talking about God here, and assuming an atheist had anything less valuable to say is quite naive. You are the biased one in this situation. We are talking about the people who have embezzled God's people. This is still happening now and you need to not be taken in by them.
Christian here. The guy you're talking about is not the real deal. He is a prosperity gospel peddelar and crook. Crime can be organized - the best cons don't look like cons.
He’s going to take her money.
another Christian here.  This "healer" is in it for the money.  The Bible warns against false teachers for good reason.
Not an atheist, 100% on this guys side. 

It’s a scam.
I’m a Catholic and participate in Catholic Charismatic Renewal. I believe in healing through the power of the Holy Spirit and I agree with the atheist. 

This guy is no better than scammers like Benny Hinn and you are naive if you think he’s only going to ask for a small donation.

I understand that people get desperate but that’s exactly what people like the Nigerian wants. He wants someone who is so desperate to get better that she’ll do anything and pay anything for help
I now have an atheist flair myself.  But I was deeply skeptical of faith healers even when I was an active lay minister.   I don't think atheists have a monopoly on being skeptical or cautious.  

Here is another link you might find useful. [Peter Popoff and James Randi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7BQKu0YP8Y)
Well, people like [Benny Hinn](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benny_Hinn#Criticism_and_controversy) are fakes and fraudsters, too. I'm also a Christian. 

Demons are the last thing that you need to be worried about. It's always very odd to me when other Christians desperately cling to life. Maybe she needs to go do some grief counselling. It can be hard to be chronically unwell.
I believe the atheist is 100% correct in this case.
I’m a Catholic and I’m also highly skeptical of any of these claims.
I'm a Christian. I believe in the power of the holy spirit and I believe that God can and occasionally does supernaturally heal. But I agree with what the post above says - legitimacy is no guarantee; there are scammers and cons artists everywhere, but nowhere more so than in these types of churches. Pray for healing, of course.  But modern medicine will do more for your mother than a Nigerian money grabber ever will.
they would eat you up in nigeria. i advice you to just throw your wallet in the ocean. that way you lose your money without the hassle of traveling to another continent
I would also be against going personally, but she might need to do it to learn for herself. I would still share your feelings as to why you think it’s a bad idea. If you keep her from going it may manifest in another way at a later date. I say let her do it and learn a lesson. It is her journey and everyone learns things in different ways.
Clarification because everyone seems to think I have no sense. I was not insinuating the Atheist had no good points. He/she did. I meant my thank you when I said it. I just asked a simple question and it was answered.
She won't go by herself. If she does I'll have to hold an intervention or something because it's not safe for an ill person to travel internationally alone, period.
&gt;I say let her do it and learn a lesson.

What makes you think she learns her lesson? She might still think that this charlatan is a prophet.
I am a Christian, and just because someone is somehow "legitimate" and in the head of an organization does not mean that it is not about fooling money from people.
On the video... "Extreme Emergency Pledge"... really... ewww... Makes me sick.
I agree with you, but everyone here's biased.

The real question is "who's right?".

Summary:
I now have an atheist flair myself.
I say let her do it and learn a lesson.
I would also be against going personally, but she might need to do it to learn for herself.
She won't go by herself.
I noticed your flair says Atheist.
He’s going to take her money.
I agree with you, but everyone here's biased.
I don't think atheists have a monopoly on being skeptical or cautious.
This "healer" is in it for the money.
