Original Response:
Our deep state (to include McNoName and crew) created, funded, trained  and supplied ISIS.  Of course they had no intention of defeating them.  Until, of course, our current president was elected.
Well these guys hate the Russians as much as we do, let’s give them guns and training. I hope this doesn’t backfire
And they still have refused to finish Isis . Its taken over a year to make a move against them in the last towns they hold on the East Bank of the Euphrates. They bombed the Syrian and Russian proxies to smithereens though when they attempted to cross and take ground.Just goes to show how rotten the whole thing is.
[removed]
Ah, the good old Afghanistan Treatment. Succesrate 100%, side-effects may be worse than the disease though.
yes they did. they did the right thing in the battle vs assad.
just goes to show how little you understand what's going on.

OF course the west doesnt want to destroy the syrian rebels...that hands the region to assad, putin...and iran.

&lt;rollseyes&gt;
really??

fall of the USSR vs 9/11? 

seems to me that tho the cure worked well the side effects are relatively small.
&gt; seems to me that tho the cure worked well the side effects are relatively small.

We are still dealing with the side-effects. Afghanistan part 2, Iraq, Boko Haram, even in Somalia the hand of the Mujahedeen can be seen.
and thats naught compared to the cold war.
There's a reason we call it the cold war though. Afghanistan, Iraq, Sahel, Somalia are all quite hot conflicts. I have to think on your statement here, as it seems to me that the current conflicts have way more impact globally. The cold war pitted US versus USSR in what was essentially a staring contest.
[deleted]
tell that to most of south america, angola, afghanistan, iraq, iran, vietnam, korea etc etc etc.
Obviously, ISIS is an alchemical creation. We were not winning in the mideast. Create an antithesis to form a thesis. Basic controlled opposition. Not even remotely secret, it’s more people don’t want to believe it therefore its not true. Wizards first rule. Obviously Russia will be vilified now, they are messing with their plans. As long as it doesn’t escalate, shit could get bad real quick.
Same as Al-Qaeda and any other "terrorist" group opposing an elected leader in modern history (which wasn't backed by another power)
How did our strategy for defeating isis change when trump was elected?
If either side blinked in the Cold War the whole world could have ended
Who is talking about rebels ?? I am talking about Isis ..you know the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ? If they are fully defeated the land goes to the only armed group in the region the SDF . The American proxy group the SDF.   You are talking out of your asshole dude .Look at a map of the region for the last year and tell me why Isis are still allowed to hold this region while keeping slaves and shielding the top brass of Isis . Sickening .
Okay. McNoName is just a traitor.
The number of Russians killed in Afghanistan is less than third of American casualties in Vietnam. I am sure that it played a part but the USSR was going to collapse with or without the war in Afghanistan.

You are also downplaying the destruction of Afghanistan, and handing it to extremism. Afghanistan 60 years ago was more advanced and pro west than it is today.
[deleted]
because for a while isis were the most effective force vs assad. 

those enclaves exist for the same reason. they wouldnt go to sdf they'd go to assad.
it was financial capital that fucked the russians in af not human capital.

you can blame the russians for the state of af today. though youre referring to urban af anyway...not the country as a whole.
No they wouldn't because there is no SAA forces on the East side of the Euphrates ..Isis has been surrounded by SDF for a year..They will go to the SDF . So the question still remains. Why have Isis been allowed to prosper for the last year when they could very easily have been finished?
because they arent a priority. why would they be? fucking russia...RUSSIA is in the game now. who gives a shit about ISIS any more? theyre an irritant to the enemy...the 'threat' they pose to the west is manageable for the immediate future...we have few troops on the ground. they pin the enemy down and pose challenges to his movement. for western allied syrian forces to take those areas presents the west with an obligation to defend them. plenty of risk for little reward.

not necessarily my preferred action...but thats why.
Sounds like Al Qaeda versus the Soviets in the 80s, ya know the same group supposedly responsible for the 9/11 attacks. We funded them to defeat the Soviets. Then they attacked us and became our enemy. Same exact thing happening now with ISIS in Syria. Get a fucking clue.
Either way, backing up extremists in Afghanistan maybe accelerated the collapse by some time.

The Russians aren't really that friendly to the US. Basically soft USSR. Much less of a threat but still not an easy trip in the fields.

My issue is that altering demographics and politics in countries to serve a temporary strategic asset, destroying those countries for the long run.
ww didnt fund al qaeda. thats a fallacy.
Instead of pallets of cash and ford trucks we sent bombs
But we bombed isis under the Obama administration too...
They had a different name but we definitely were helping Bin Laden.
thats patently not true. look it up.
I have. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Cyclone

However Sir Martin Ewans noted that the Afghan Arabs "benefited indirectly from the CIA's funding, through the ISI and resistance organizations,"[62] and that "it has been reckoned that as many as 35,000 'Arab-Afghans' may have received military training in Pakistan at an estimated cost of $800 million in the years up to and including 1988."[63] Some of the CIA's greatest Afghan beneficiaries were Arabist commanders such as Haqqani and Hekmatyar who were key allies of bin Laden over many years.[64][65] Haqqani—one of bin Laden's closest associates in the 1980s—received direct cash payments from CIA agents, without the mediation of the ISI. This independent source of funding gave Haqqani disproportionate influence over the mujahideen.[44] Haqqani and his network played an important role in the formation and growth of al Qaeda, with Jalalhuddin Haqqani allowing bin Laden to train mujahideen volunteers in Haqqani territory and build extensive infrastructure there.[66]
You're just denying reality at this point. Conversation over
Haven't you ever heard of "Charlie Wilson's war?"  We were giving the Mujahadin in Afghanistan stinger missiles and training to shoot down Russian Helicopters.  Many of those same Mujahadin (including OBL) became Al Qaeda and/or Taliban.

"Anti-Soviet warrior puts his army on the road to peace: The Saudi businessman who recruited Mujahedin now uses them for large-scale building projects in Sudan."

I'll give you ONE guess about who this is referring to.

https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/anti-soviet-warrior-puts-his-army-on-the-road-to-peace-the-saudi-businessman-who-recruited-mujahedin-1465715.html

http://theworldsbestever.s3.amazonaws.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/osama-bin-laden-1993.jpg

Who is CIA Asset Tim Osman?  Again, I'll give you one guess...Don't fuck this up, it's your only chance.
well not long ago, they were threatening to attack the russians on behalf of isis in idlib ffs.
the US's whole reason for being there is to try to steal that section of syria for the oil, and the pipeline transit.

they can steal it directly so they funded the rebels so they could attempt a partition. having the area they wanted to own given to the rebels and then they could install one of their assets as leader, authorize the pipeline and build a big fat american base to defend it.

Israel has been trying to claim the golan for decades, and now they are greedy for more.
well lets be honest, we got a lot of reports of them bombing ISIS, considering less than 10 western journalists are, or have been in the country during most of the war its a dubious claim.

just because they say they are doing something, does not mean they actually are.
But there are numerous videos from both civilians and soldiers from all sides that show bombings that the US has claimed responsibility for with no one disputing it. Not only that but how has ISIS territory been shrinking over the past few years in Iraq and Syria both under the Obama and trump admins without us support? The peshmerga and Iraqis while brave wouldn’t have been able to evict isis by themselves as quick as they have without CAS.
the US have been bombing rebels, just not isis or al nusra, the coalition is bombing the bad rebels, you know the ones who want to go their own way and not work for the ones the US is supporting.

the US only interest in helping the peshmerga is to use them to carve off the slice of syria they wanted, once they have it they will have no problem installing a puppet to rule the little fiefdom for them as long as they jump when uncle sam says so.
Well that’s seriously shifting the goal posts. Your first claim is that the US wasn’t bombing isis. Now it’s that they are but their also bombing rebels too.
bin laden and al qaeda are not interchangable with any jihadist groups. just because we assisted others doesnt mean we assisted them. 

very disappointing that you cant see differentiate...or choose not to.
Why are you still here?
you need to go. this sub is about truth not fantasy
They arent bombing isis. They drop crates of weapons to isis. They bomb rebel groups that are fighting isis and then claim isis are their modrrates

Summary:
who gives a shit about ISIS any more?
because for a while isis were the most effective force vs assad.
Your first claim is that the US wasn’t bombing isis.
The American proxy group the SDF.
We funded them to defeat the Soviets.
But we bombed isis under the Obama administration too...
The Russians aren't really that friendly to the US.
Why are you still here?
I am sure that it played a part but the USSR was going to collapse with or without the war in Afghanistan.
Who is talking about rebels ?
bin laden and al qaeda are not interchangable with any jihadist groups.
I am talking about Isis ..you know the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ?
