Original Response:
How do people do this without setting the idle high af? shouldn't the engine braking f\*ck up your day??
I just used the throttle lock. Little screw right under the right hand controls
The hardest part about doing this is telling your friends you love cock
Could you theoretically put it in a high gear and it should pull you along quickly in idle?
Harley motors don't idle smooth. Might not stall but it would try to buck u off
Didn't think of that, why wouldn't they idle smooth? Is it a feature of their specific engines? Cos that's kinda lame I think
Its because they can't be balanced and the cylinders fire at an uneven rhythm. Its why they sound like they do. It smooths out in its happy rpm range.
Who doesn't?
AHH, thanks for clearing that up!
Sorry but he's completely fulla shit. A VTwin isn't going to "buck you off" and they deliver smooth power at idle just like any kind of engine.

And yes they can be balanced, infact Harley's new M8 had a variant that removed so much vibration and ran so smoothly it was dislike by the Harley croud so much that they reduced the counter balancer mass to give the bike a little bit of shake back. 

At the RPM that an an 883/1200 Evo idles at, it will easily chug along when you fully release the clutch and at a smooth slow pace. It's not going to jerk you around or "buck you off."

Yes the HD engines produce more vibration than say an in inline 4, but it's not some lopsided motor making giant throws inside of the frame.
That's what I originally thought, if the engine bucked and threw you around, it would be an unsafe bike, and therefore wouldn't be allowed on the road, so I was confused at that...
A 45° twin's firing order can never balance.  If it fires at 0°, when is the next piston going to fire?  That's why they are the way they are.  

Lots of folks love it.  I don't like potato idling and vibration.
&gt; A 45° twin's firing order can never balance.

So I guess harely pulled some kinda black magic fuckery with their M8 that they had to remove a little bit of balancing from because it was so smooth it wierded people out.

Does this sub ever think before they post?

Summary:
Harley motors don't idle smooth.
Didn't think of that, why wouldn't they idle smooth?
I don't like potato idling and vibration.
