Original Response:
My girlfriend grew up quite poor in South America, grew up in a house with no roof and her parents begged for money etc. She started working from 17 and went to university by night and got herself a degree. We met 3 years ago and are madly in love, I am from a family that’s not at all wealthy but I never wanted for anything and my education was fully covered. We both now earn good salaries, combined 6 figures, and we are talking about buying a house together and getting new cars. We have worked hard for these, I work in IT, she works in Finance. 

Every time we talk about it she gets angry and seems to have hatred for anyone that has a house, has a nice car, or nice anything. I try to instill in her to be happy for those people and let’s work hard together and aspire to get these nice things for our potential future children. 

This hatred seems to be fueled by her mother as her parents still work pay check to pay check but make terrible financial decisions. Her mother is always filling her with hatred, is there anything I can do with my girlfriend to change a lifelong attitude of jealousy and bitterness? 



TLDR: Girlfriend came from a poor family, we now make good money but she hates everyone with money and acts severely bitter and jealous to people that have money, even though we aspire to have money. Her mother is very negative and has a victim attitude.
I don't understand. You guys DO have money, especially compared to her parents. And she works in finance? The cognitive dissonance is...astounding


I'm worried about her parents eventually relying on the two of you for money.

You guys probably need a counselor to help you navigate your very different views on money.
[removed]
I'm Latina myself and what you're implying here is gross!
[removed]
Are we the same person, Lol?
[removed]
yep, you're the expert on Asian/Latinx people and not the person who is actually Latina
how are you going to generalize people from all corners of Latin America from your experience with one Peruvian family? that's not just "your experience only" it's racist and prejudiced
You’re an idiot. Nothing about this is racist. It’s my experience, so take it for what it is.
[deleted]
Your girlfriend may need some individual therapy to deal with her anger at her own childhood (I'm better a lot of this is displaced anger that she had so much fear as a child over basic things like shelter and food, when others are so safe) and to help her set some boundaries with her parents. If she seems resistant to the idea of therapy (There's nothing wrong with me!) starting with some couples counseling, focusing on the effect her anger has on *you*, might be a good jumping-off point.
[deleted]
I don't think it's cognitive dissonance.  She sees these people as HAVING wealth, where she had the WORK for it, regardless of their personal life stories.  I grew up poor and I still have a chip on my shoulder about people who grew up with money.
I don't see in the post where he implied she only gets angry at people who grew up with money, not people who had to work for it?
Nah didn't have to say it.  I'm just coming at this from my own experience.  Regardless of how people GOT their money, there can be an undertone of bitterness and "look at the silver spoony" there.
&gt;Regardless of how people GOT their money, there can be an undertone of bitterness and "look at the silver spoony" there.

I relate to this a lot. My family grew up poor and now I work at a law firm... I swear, I can smell a third-generation ivy league trust fund lawyer the second they walk in the room, and I really have to work hard to tamp down my initial knee-jerk character judgment.

By this point in my life I've met plenty of people with generational wealth who are also genuinely good people, so I realize it's not fair to judge, but that undercurrent of resentment is a powerful thing to confront!
I'm so glad you expressed this better than me!  I've made a HUGE amount of progress in not judging people based on the status they were born into, but it's a deep-rooted knee jerk reaction to hate rich people.
Same.  Moreover, I get annoyed with people who spend all their money LOOKING wealthy, wasting all their money on “stuff” while they are in debt up to their eyeballs and have no savings.

Mostly because I prefer to accumulate wealth and have savings... It probably boils down to being jealous of other people who feel free to recklessly spend.   Where as I have a panic attack if any of my savings accounts dips under 5 figures.  

I don’t have anyone to fall back on if I go broke, and being/growing up poor is miserable and scary.
Yep.  I had a friend who was living a totally frivolous lifestyle, let's say something akin to... making bee-free honey for vegan bloggers.  Not kidding.  Was fully supported financially and emotionally by his parents.  He was genuinely incredibly kind, empathetic, and self-aware.  I still couldn't shake the 1% of me that hated him.
Oh yes, I can imagine.  To not live or never to have experienced the ever present anxiety of being poor or possibly being poor again.
How do you know I'm not from latin origins ? Maybe your family is an exception, or you just don't notice it / make it out less of a big deal than what it actually is because it's your family.

Same reason latinos and asian men are usually expected to provide for the family, it's a cultural thing.
It’s a coping mechanism because she feels guilty, maybe?
&gt; Regardless of how people GOT their money, there can be an undertone of bitterness and "look at the silver spoony" there.

Yes agreed. Some people are born into money and have a far better chance the people like myself and others that have had to claw out of the situations we didnt always put ourselves in. 

The bitterness is real
Could be because she has passed her parents in terms of financial success. She, presumably, doesn't make the same poor financial choices they do. Its really uncomfortable surpassing your parents or reflecting on how they made their own financial problems. 

There's also the fact that her Mom taught her to hate people who are wealthy. Maybe a classist or "righteous poor" mindset. That can be hard to shake.
I guess the irony of this totally understandable and common feeling is that - as a lawyer, earning a good salary, your kids are going to be better off financially than you were/have more opportunity than you did.   If they follow the same trends their parent did of increasing their own financial capabilities, then your own grandchildren will be the same “grew up third generation of wealth” that you resent in your peers.
Same, and those law school trust funds really brought out the worst in me, especially early in my career when my student loan payments were overwhelming compared to my pittance salary and I couldn’t afford to live on my own.
Seconding that. I have a friend who sorta fell into finance; he studied history in undergrad but had the grades and intelligence to be hired by an investment bank after graduation. He was firmly of the opinion that no one there really knew what they were doing, and that everyone (including himself) was vastly overpaid.
Does that chip on your shoulder achieve anything other than you in turn feeling superior? Maybe worry about your own life. I grew up with money and now my wife and I, both teachers, get by in a modest amount. People have no say in how they are born and that works both ways.
[deleted]
I already said I've made huge changes, and this was years ago.  I was just trying to express how this bitterness can be deep rooted and hard to shake.
I work for a non-profit, and part of my job is basically begging extremely wealthy people for money. I've ended up at dinners with massively wealthy people and the whole thing feels so weird to me. But they have so many problems that I've never had to deal with because they have massive amounts of money. They basically have no idea who their real friends are, because most people just want to be around their for their money. If I was that wealthy, I could understand why I would only want to be friends with people who were just as wealthy as me, because I would pretty much know that they aren't trying to con me out of my money. A lot of the super wealthy people that I have met don't seem to be that happy.

&amp;#x200B;

But of course, they can still eat and they have a nice place to lay down at night. They don't have to worry about the bottom falling out if they make a bad financial decision. Being really poor sucks. But I don't resent super wealthy people--I wouldn't want to have that much money. Just a little more than I have now.
Yes I know.  I don't feel superior to people with money, not sure where you got that.  The point I was making is that these bitternesses can be deep rooted and hard to shake, even when one is actively trying.  It's a knee-jerk reaction that takes time and energy to change.
[deleted]
Yup. Grew up lower middle class (with parents who were careful about money so we didn’t worry about being in really dire straights or anything) but now that I have a six figure job myself and I’m around a lot of wealthy people who grew up like that and don’t see how many advantages they had, or think sending their kid to public school or not paying for trips to Europe would be cruel, I really find it hard not to dislike people like that.
I also used "couldn't", which is the past tense of "can't"!
[deleted]
[removed]
I have wealthy coworkers who referred to sending your kids to public school as child abuse. I grew up on free lunches and public assistance with my parents working third jobs to make sure my brother and I had all our school supplies, and I can’t help but seethe at them. I know I’m at the same place as them now, and they are just out of touch, not malicious, but I have to work consciously on my resentment.
[removed]
A teacher's salary is not a "modest" amount by many people's standards. That's exactly the kind of lack of awareness that can rub you the wrong way when you consider yourself lucky that your parents had a car the whole family could sleep in when things were "rough". 

&amp;#x200B;

And it's not a feeling of superiority (at least not for anybody I've met). It's survivor's guilt. Guilt that you're better off than people you care about. Guilt that at least some of that was due to luck or opportunities provided to you by others. And yeah, that can turn into resentment towards people that are even better off than you are, who consider their means "modest" and complain about things like not having enough money LEFT OVER after paying for "necessities" like electricity or shoes.

&amp;#x200B;

Not saying its healthy to harbor such guilt or resentment.
Agree counseling can help!

But must say, in most cultures around the world, and in the bottom third of US earners, parents are supposed to rely on you for money as they age.

&amp;#x200B;
Psychodynamic therapy is particularly good for this.
[removed]
Survivors guilt is also very real.  After transitioning from dirt poor to upper middle class, I hurt my best friend by shoveling money at her and her son to "fix their problems" when unbeknownst to me, she was using it to buy dope.  I had a bad feeling I was enabling, but felt so bad about having when she didn't that I ignored it. This kind of guilt exists and can cause harm to others as well as yourself.
Harboring resentment for being born poor in a society that favors the rich isn't a "hang up."

It's fine if you've adjusted in a way that suits you. But holding negative feelings for the upper/ruling class isn't an insecurity. It's a symptom of centuries of violent, harmful inequality.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
That's not true though. Sure some people who have always been and always will be rich do it at the expense of other people but how many come from nothing and make something of themselves? This just seems like an over generalization to me. Take Bill Gates for instance. He gives away more to charity than most people could ever hope to make and he has his own scholarship set up to help kids go to school. 

If you always resent those with more than you, you're going to live a very unhappy life.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Understanding this was key to being less judgmental and upset by my peers who were born into money.

They didn’t ask to be born where they were anymore than I did.
I just feel bitter, like some potential in my life was wasted while rich kids were afforded every opportunity for education and travelling, etc. Just feeling bitter that they always had time for leisure and may not even need to work while i spent a lot of nights in high school without groceries and electricity and cowering from my dad's drunken rages. I feel bitter that for the most part no one will ever know what I've been through because it doesn't matter anymore. But it does. It shaped me, and it's not fair. But i deal with it while rich kids got everything handed to them... it's just jealousy really. And anger at my father. It's not so bad anymore. But it has shaped my views on parenting. I'm going to give my kids a great childhood and then raise them to be completely independent by college like i was, but still be there if they need help.
I mean, you could make that point without all the condescension as I've in no way wronged you. You're being sanctimonious and proving my point.
I'm sorry you feel condescended to. That wasn't my intention and I think it reflects more on your own biases than on my observations, especially considering how condescending your own comment came across.
[deleted]
Can confirm. Grew up poor, now work on tech. Still find those "new money" displays of wealth as gross and pathetic. I have serious issues socialising with or being in the space of wealthy people who've never experienced poverty or act like money and status are the hallmarks of a great life.

Even OP's comment of "not wealthy but didn't want" raised my heckles. Mate that *is* wealthy.
Hahaha.  Yeah.  My thoughts exactly.

Summary:
I don't feel superior to people with money, not sure where you got that.
People have no say in how they are born and that works both ways.
I grew up poor and I still have a chip on my shoulder about people who grew up with money.
Guilt that you're better off than people you care about.
Regardless of how people GOT their money, there can be an undertone of bitterness and "look at the silver spoony" there.
A lot of the super wealthy people that I have met don't seem to be that happy.
My family grew up poor and now I work at a law firm...
Grew up poor, now work on tech.
And she works in finance?
We have worked hard for these, I work in IT, she works in Finance.
But I don't resent super wealthy people--I wouldn't want to have that much money.
&gt;Regardless of how people GOT their money, there can be an undertone of bitterness and "look at the silver spoony" there.
I relate to this a lot.
I work for a non-profit, and part of my job is basically begging extremely wealthy people for money.
That can be hard to shake.
But they have so many problems that I've never had to deal with because they have massive amounts of money.
They basically have no idea who their real friends are, because most people just want to be around their for their money.
