Original Response:
Yeah both the Libs and Cons fucked it up royally.

Like the Phoenix pay system fiasco the Cons set up the shitball but the Libs carried it over the line.
I don't know about the pipeline project decision, but Phoenix was a complete shitshow long before the Liberals took over. The fact that it hasn't been fixed yet just shows how bad it was.
Uh Phoenix wasn't implemented until months after the Liberals took office, so no, the Liberals don't get to skate on by just blaming the Cons for that.

They both fucked up.
It was in development for years before this. Have you ever worked on a large software project? You can't take a broken system that took years to build and fix it in some months or a year, even if at that point you know of all of the problems and what the fixes are, which of course then didn't. So, not sure sure I agree...
No.... It was deployed prior to completion.

https://ww.ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/a-timeline-of-the-phoenix-pay-debacle-29-years-and-counting/amp

 may be my memory was semi faulty in regards to the roll-out portion.  Thought the first phase started about 6 months prior to.
Correct.

Which is why if it is a broken piece of shit with early warnings (which it was) you don't go ahead and say "yeah let's implement this as planned." Which the Liberals didn't do.

The Liberals grossly fucked up implementing Phoenix. The Conservatives made the horrendous program. So yeah, both suck and were shitty. I don't really feel like doing some stupid analysis to say "yeah Liberals are really only 39.78% responsible while the Conservatives are 60.02% responsible."

They both fucked up and the Liberals had a chance to unfuck it but didn't and now tax payers are on the hook for billions thanks to the Conservatives absolute incompetence putting together a payroll system.
Your memory is

https://www.itworldcanada.com/article/phoenix-payroll-system-timeline-of-the-governments-problems/396407

Liberals were in office November 2015

Also your link is broken but I googled it anyhow but regardless it states your are incorrect

Here is a working URL https://ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/a-timeline-of-the-phoenix-pay-debacle-29-years-and-counting

"Nov. 4 (2015): Liberal cabinet sworn in. Public Works department renamed Public Services and Procurement Canada"

...

"Feb. 24 (2016): First phase of Phoenix rollout begins, involving 34 federal departments and 120,000 employees"
Yeah, I see your point: they could have delayed the rollout.

&gt;thanks to the Conservatives absolute incompetence putting together a payroll system.

When I first read about this debacle my first thought was that it probably stemmed from the usual: poor requirements and timelines based on when they *wanted* to release the product, not how long it would take to build and test. And sure enough, the investigation shows just this kind of screwup. So I blame IBM  more than either government (and I loathe Harper) because they did such a poor job of managing the project. If they want to complain that they were pressured (and they probably were) then they have only themselves to blame for not pushing back.
They're both hoping to pawn off blame onto the other and that their respective bases will buy it. 

The Cons should've been more attentive to the scoping of the project, and the Libs should've done more than rubber-stamped the NEB's review. 

This country needs a pipeline, and soon. Western Canada Select currently trades at about 70% the price of similar blends, and that 30% represents billions of lost revenue, tax dollars, and economic activity every single year. The Americans know we have no choice but to sell 90% of our oil exports to them, so they have way too much freedom to dictate price to us. 

Just like military procurement - stop playing fucking political games with essential infrastructure and do your fucking jobs Ottawa.
"The Liberals" didn't impliment anything, it was an IT service provider.
Sure let's just hold nobody accountable at all for anything now
How about IBM who went over budget by $180 million and still failed to deliver?
How about the Conservatives who awarded IBM the contract after they royally fucked up doing the same thing for Australia?

At least IBM was open about Phoenix not being ready to launch before the government gave the gonahead.

Really the who payroll system is a fiasco, you can't lump so many diverse union contracts and schedules and pay systems into one and also encompass literally the largest employee base in the country. It's a fucking disaster.
I agree. The Conservatives should never have hired them in the first place but our government's beurocracy has a system of choosing contractors for this kind of job and they followed the usual route.

Summary:
The Liberals grossly fucked up implementing Phoenix.
Which the Liberals didn't do.
Yeah both the Libs and Cons fucked it up royally.
So, not sure sure I agree...
