Original Response:
Ok so I have a bunch of Pokémon that I don't wanna give away in wonder trade cause these Pokémon have value but I don't need them so would any of you guys want them for free the Pokémon. All these Pokémon are a lot of them have 6 perfect IVS some only have 5 perfect IVS but the reason I rejected them are either because they don't have the gender I wanted Or the ability or some other reason but the Pokémon are 

X1 Gible with the Adamant Nature and 6  perfect IVS

X3 Lapras with the sassy nature and 6 perfect IVS with all but 1 have water Absorb ability 

X10 Karrablast with 5 perfect IVS and the Brave Nature and all but 2 have the Shed skin ability 

X5 Gligar with the impish Nature and 3 out of the 5 of 4 prefect IVS and all have the Immunity ability 

The rest are one of and all of prefer 6 IVS


2. Swablu with the Careful Nature 
3. Shinx with the Brave Nature 
4. Lillipup with the Adamant Nature 
5. Awex with the Adamant Nature 
7. Goomy with the gentle Nature 
8 Elekid with the Lonley Nature 


That all of them all these Pokémon are legit and they are all at lv 1 and if you want any of them pm telling me and we can trade and if your wondering what Pokémon I want for them beside the one listed below just give me a useless Pokémon and I'll just release them once I get it but the Pokémon I want are 

 If the Pokémon I want that ur trying to trade me don't have these Requirements then just trade me a useless Pokémon 

1. Legit Pokémon 
2. Have six perfect IVS 
3. The Pokémon must be in an regularly poke ball or Ultra ball 

            Pokémon 
1. Female snorunt with the move water pulse 

2. Magikarp with the move Bounce

3. Any Pokémon with the items to evolve Seadra
Try refreshing the page
What should I put for ur name
Aiko or skye is fine
Ok miss skye I'll wait for you to get home
Hey I’m home
Ok let me know when you are ready
Sending request
Ok are we trading rn
Yea lol
Thanks :)
NP happy to help

Summary:
Lillipup with the Adamant Nature 
5.
Ok are we trading rn.
