Original Response:
Please utilize this sticky thread for all general **Bitcoin** discussions! If you see posts on the front page or /r/Bitcoin/new which are better suited for this daily discussion thread, please help out by directing the OP to this thread instead. Thank you!

Daily threads are fast paced! If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow.

We have a couple chat rooms now. Come say hello.

* [General](https://s.reddit.com/channel/872992_609338364f5a4ced9f9431a4da06076a6ec995dd)

* [Price Talk](https://s.reddit.com/channel/872992_d38a28dd2ee2efae707c89ce6491650e4a1bc078)

Please check the [previous discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/9fqez2/daily_discussion_september_14_2018/) for unanswered questions.
Considering the mining costs, exchange fees, scams, frauds, damaged or lost keys, whales and their manipulations, mathematically won't more people lose money than profit in crypto long term? Can't wrap my mind around this one.
Fiat is less efficient.
It's hard to argue with that, yet it feels like such a gamble to buy crypto.
mining costs - not relevant unless you're a miner

exchange fees - do research, use cheapest

scams - don't be stupid

frauds - don't be stupid

damaged or lost keys - don't be careless

whale manipulation - hodl

As long as supply is finite and demand constant or growing, price will go up in the long run. These
variables are in place right now. Hodl.
It is a gamble. Nobody could legitimately say otherwise. Use caution. Don't fomo invest more then you can afford to lose. Contemplate dca. Don't obsess over short term price.
you misunderstood the idea. Tell me if up until now or in 10, 20, 50, 100 years there will be more people profiting than losing money in crypto considering all those previously mentioned factors that eat up a considerable chunk of value from it.
You tell me. Say as a 18 yr old you found out about bitcoin in 2012. You put 100 bucks in. You didn't start to mine, seemed to complicated at the time (you regret this now). You bought them off an early exchange and paid, say, 0,25% fee to transfer it to your bitcoin core wallet. 

You found some site claiming to send you 2 bitcoins back for each bitcoin you send there - seemed fishy, didn't fall for it.

You found some supposed faucet service claiming to make you rich if you enter email and personal data - seemed fishy, didn't fall for it.

You saved your privat keys offline and backed them up in multiple versions because you read not your keys not your bitcoins.

Price fluctuated wildly over the years, some claim this is whale manipulation. But you never sold. 

Now it's 2018. Have you lost money? Or have you made money?
Sorry but you should wait a while before you buy crypto. Just buy it when it's significantly more in price so you can confidently avoid the risks you mentioned and there are safegaurds and storage solutions that require zero intellectual qualification.
Of course. High risk, high reward. That's kind of the point for many people investing in it.
^ well communicated.
I can assure you, there is less than 0.0001% of people that bought btc in 2012 and never sold it until 2017/18. Also most of the investors who bought bitcoins in 2012 lost them in Mt.Gox.
Ok, let me rephrase it, what do you think is the % of all the profits and loses of crypto investors that ever bought crypto up until now. Is it 50/50% less, or more? What will be the % in 10 or more years?
Impossible to say and also not relevant. Keep your private keys to yourself, don't fomo in more than you can afford, use caution, use your brain, hodl and those worries vanish.
oh, i'm fine. I just had a presumption that at any given moment in time there will be more total number of losers than winners in crypto for various reasons and wanted to hear what others have to say.
Lol 0.0001%, nice random number you pulled out your ass.
Your 18 you buy 200 bitcoins at 2010 because you are a computer engineering undergraduate. It's 2018, You are 18 you buy 0.2 bitcoins because you are a computer engineering undergraduate.
There are some risks, but I'm not sure how you get to the certainty that &gt;50% of people will lose money. It's a little like asking "don't cars hurt more people than they help? given distracted driving, tire blowouts, bridge collapses, drunk driving, wet/icy roads, and speeding teenagers, i just can't wrap my head around this one." 

Sure, there are some hazards, but many of them are rare edge cases, or can be avoided by following basic good practices.
It's 2023. You are a computer engineering undergraduate. You buy ...? 

8-)
you got me there )) I'm glad that you like it.
Historically, the only people that have lost are people that sold.  It's real simple: a small community of neckbeards brought Bitcoin from 0 to $1000.  A slightly larger community brought it to $6K.  What do you think will happen when adoption reaches 5 percent?  What do you think will happen when the financial system collapses again and people can't get money out of their banks but Bitcoin still works?
.2 BTC will be a significant amount of money in a few years.
I can assure you, there are a lot of people who got into Bitcoin in 2012 and are now richer than you will ever be if you don't buy it before the next big run up.
95 percent of "crypto" is bull pucky.  Bitcoin is not.  It's much more secure than your 401K.

Summary:
You are a computer engineering undergraduate.
It's 2018, You are 18 you buy 0.2 bitcoins because you are a computer engineering undergraduate.
Also most of the investors who bought bitcoins in 2012 lost them in Mt.Gox.
Don't fomo invest more then you can afford to lose.
Say as a 18 yr old you found out about bitcoin in 2012.
What will be the % in 10 or more years?
Considering the mining costs, exchange fees, scams, frauds, damaged or lost keys, whales and their manipulations, mathematically won't more people lose money than profit in crypto long term?
