Original Response:
Mandatory this happened a few weeks ago. 

I was alone at my dad's in the evening and he'd just gotten these fancy new, very very sharp Japanese knives. He specifically told me not to touch them because they were sharp. I think I may be selectively deaf.

At around 11pm I decided to go upstairs and watch some YouTube videos in bed. But I suddenly heard a sound from upstairs. My brain went into full fight-mode, as in ANY SOUNDS AND MOVEMENT WILL BE TREATED AS DANGER. My imagination completely took over and I grabbed the largest fucking Japanese knife I could find. 

I was the definition of stealth. I was danger. That burglar would never see me coming. I tip-toed up the stairs, holding the knive in an upwards position. My brain was convinced the burglar was in the bathroom (because where else would he be?) so I repositioned the knife for attack-mode. 

Well, that was a mistake. You know, apparently those Japanese knives are not meant to be lightly thrown in the air and then caught like a spear. I dropped the knife after feeling it slide through my flesh like butter and searched for the lights, subsequently running into the doorframe. I cleaned up the blood in my bubble of shame. I was definitely the worst ninja ever.

I now have a scar on my palm of which I will never tell the story to anyone I know. I am 21 years old. I have now retired from nightly knife-wielding.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR I have a vivid imagination and thought there was a burglar in my bathroom. I am very stupid. I should not touch knives.

Edit: I feel like I should clarify the "lightly throwing in the air" part. Do you know when you want to reposition something in your hand because it's not ideal? I kinda flicked it in the air and the end of the blade went into my hand. I tried to hold it like a serial killer.

Also, thank you for appreciating my impeccable knife skills.

Edit 2: The sound was probably just the house creaking. We have wooden floors. :') There was no one at home but me.
This is at least a legendary way to slesh yo flesh, I only get knife cuts by being stupid and cutting towards my fingers. Got at least 3 visible scars, almost identical to each other.
Oh I get ya friend

I have a large vertical scar on my finger from using a Swiss knife the wrong way around at 8am
maybe you should stick to big sticks or guns
maybe just sticks
i have a graphite line in my thumb from when i tried to cut a pencil in half
Or he should only use knives from 10 am to 8 pm lol
*Tries spinning gun on finger to look badass*

*blows brains out instead*
I practice throwing knives and spinning knives and and twirling knifes so I've made the mistake of stabbing my hand or my fingers at least 30 + times just trying to practice and be good at these things.  I have a high pain tolerance so I really don't even notice the cut or stab until there visibly noticeable blood lol. But trust me I've got quite the collection of scars
And stones
i did that once, i grabbed the biggest knife out of the block to cut a bagel, it was the sharp one that automatically cuts when you move it in a sawing motion, i just woke up and was still half asleep(or atleast thats my excuse) i was cutting the bagel and put my thumb through the middle, cut through half the bagel, yep thats my thumb, FUCK... luckily i stopped and it was just a small cut but it still bled for awhile..
That's a corner of your totin chip mate
may break my bones
Oops!
This reminds me of the time I thought I wasn’t gonna hit the center of an avocado and assumed the knife wasn’t going through because it wasn’t ripe enough and then I proceeded to cut through the core and into my finger which was holding the ‘cado on the “safe” side. Pool of blood on the kitchen, that day I learned that clotted blood in a napkin gets very web-like and stringy
Maybe the big sticks then
[deleted]
Put a potato or tennis ball on the end of the stick if it is sharp
This guy knows how to bleeds
@dwightshrute
I sliced a decent chunk of flesh off my knuckle a couple of days ago because I noticed a pimple on my chest as I went to shave my underarms. Forgot I was holding a brand new razor and went to pop it. 

Soooo much blood. Can’t think of a single lie to tell people either.
*Tries spinning stick on finger to look badass*

*blows brains out instead*
Why don't you do it with blunted knives?
On your index finger?! Me too!! I was cutting bait in the boat one day when I was like 14, picked it up while telling a story to my family, it was upside down. Preceded to press very hard with "dull knife" to cut bait.  Glad I'm not alone!
Blunted knives?  Like dull knives?  Or?  Sorry I don't know what blunted knives mean
&gt;big sticks

This post comes to mind

https://www.reddit.com/r/Unexpected/comments/9a5md5/a_guy_trying_to_rob_a_group_of_3_people_alone/?utm_source=reddit-android
Yes
Yes I see.  I looked up because I wasn't for sure that it meant dull but I was thinking that it was.  And the blades on the knives weren't sharp until later when I sharpened them,  but the points of the blades always were sharp.  So I got jabbed in the hands and fingers more than I did get cuts but both did happen a lot.
Well. Pack it up boys, shows over
Don't let this guy near words. Who knows what he's capable of?
Maybe finger gu-

*BANG*

welp, I got nothing
Do you always note the time of day when you're using a knife?
OP if it makes you feel better, I have 3 inch long butthole lookin scar on the back of my leg just above my knee from screwing around with my fathers replica Masonic sword when I was 14.  It made its way into my leg somehow...
No!!! You cant take back a bullet
If the fight response isn't compatible with OP's physique, maybe he should stick with flight. Just remember not to slip though.
I once dropped a cup of water, slipped on the spill, dropped a plate, broke it, and cut my hand open on the shards. I still have a scar on my middle finger.
*Tries twirling big stick to look like a badass, falls on stick plunging it into his ass and has to to the E.R. for rectum splinters* 

Maybe stick to dick?
why you have so many ethnic knives
Least it was your dad's knife... And not your dad's dildo cast of his penis in your butt. 

Too soon?
Ninjas. It was ninjas. Or maybe a knife fight in Cuba. I use that one for a scar on my thumb I got from putting a hot coffee pot in cold water.
Always cut towards your buddy, not your body
One scar on the thumb looks like a football.  
Another scar on the middle knuckle of the middle finger.  CRKT Knife and learned how sharp that was.  

Would be interesting and funny if OP future partner sees this post. One random night and looks at the palm stroking cuddly motion. Remembers this post and starts to tell a story.
I accidentally vegetable peeled two different knuckles in the same week recently. One of the peelers is textured, so I was rocking a nice stripey injury for a few days.
OP ran into a doorframe.
*Tries jumping out window to look badass*

*still blows out brains*
I don't want OP anywhere near my dick. I don't want his injuries transferring to me thank you very much.
[deleted]
Go see a specialist asap. Make sure no tendon has been sliced.
So did the burglar get away?
oh shit I don't have a scar from it but I put a box cutter into the tip of my thumb once
But every corner lost is really just making two corners unless they’re rounding the edges.
I'm definitely imagining this as you trying and failing to cut a fruit with the handle...
Buddy you gotta learn your lesson. No more knives.
Knives should be banned from you 2
OP should just buy one of those big inflatable balls and live in it.
I guess even the bluntest knife is still a risk because the contact area is still pretty small.
Sorry, I don't know the terminology. File down the blade so it is rounded and not sharp.
[removed]
I have a horizontal scar on my pinky finger from doing the same thing. Collapsed the knife right above the joint and sliced the flesh down to the bone I think, but I didn't go to the hospital or anything cause I'm a dumbass.
Never cut towards your own body... always away.
The tip of my thumb will never be the same. Lol don't try to slice bread with a super sharp serrated knife in low lighting.
Same. Top left side of the tip of my left thumb, nearly sliced it clean off 3x now, there is a visible permanent dent. I, too, am fucking stupid and should not be allowed near sharp objects.
I hear ya. I've got a nice scar going into my whole damn hand. Was opening a knife with a knife and ended up stabbing it in between my index and middle finger, in the palm. I could see the very point of the knife pressing against the other side of my hand. Was cool as shit. Can still feel the scar tissue in-between my index and middle finger when I move them up and down. 

EDIT: Happened 5 years ago when I was 18. Still to this day one of my favorites.
I've read some shit in Reddit but... Wut?
YOU WON FYE HUNNA DOLLA!
I’m just lucky that I have long fingernails. The amount of times I’ve chopped a long fingernail off while chopping produce is frightening... I always think about how that easily could’ve been my finger
*Tries to run away*

*Trips and blows brains out*
I took up wood carving recently. Due to the fact that I already have 5+ visible scars all over my hands from being an incredibly stupid axe / knife collecting teen, I never carve without a Kevlar glove reinforced with metal strands. It's already saved my hands from what would have been some pretty nasty slashes.
Tries spinning big stick around like a ninja turtle... Accidentally impales self somehow.
Had a patient that was a butcher, he dropped one of his filleting knifes, caught it, but on the catch drove it like six inches into his thigh. Ouch
*Hears a sound in the house*

*Flies away*
We have a modern looking and very expensive Japanese knife set that have to be machine sharpened, and 12 year old me decided to make a sandwich using the smallish knife meant for dicing up fruits and vegetables, and was consequently very sharp. The problem was with the modern look to the knife is it looked very similar on both the sharpened edge and dull edge , and I ended up pressing down on the sharpened edge while trying to cut my sandwich resulting in a very embarrassing conversation at A&amp;E with the nurses
He just has to read the timestamps on the ER documents.
Oh.  I see
That's pretty much what I'm saying. It's okie tho
It's okay bro, I'm currently nursing a deep wound in my forehead because I was practicing with my throwing knives in the garden and one of them bounced back and hit me in the face.

I now wear safety glasses when I throw knives.
I stabbed my thumb real bad last year and had to get stitches because I fuck around with knives so much...
TIFU By committing suicide
I'm with you. Recently got 4 stitches for a wound I made between my index and middle fingers, trying to cut frozen butter into pieces. With a round-ended knife. 


The ER ride was shameful.
I got a scar on my finger after my gf ran over it with one of her ice skates, thankfully she stopped quickly...
At least you've got cool scars from a knife. All my hand scars are from handling cardboard
&gt; slesh yo flesh
Hey me too
Look, I can allow cutting yourself while sleepy, but why on earth did you stick your thumb through the hole of a bagel you were about to cut? What had you been smoking?
Ohh, so *that's* what STI stands for.
i don't fucking remember lol, i just remember it was early and i had just gotten up and went to cut a bagel lol.. and afterwards i felt like a moron.
Wait, you actually tried to flip it and catch it? You have been watching too many movies my man.
like the highway fight between steve rogers and bucky barnes?
Yeah, I'm so confused about what "switching to attack mode" means. Why did it ever leave his hand?
That's what I was thinking when I typed my reply, yeah.
[removed]
yeah fuck me man, that slight flip and grab and immediately three strikes are fucking amazing
Maybe it means he's a fucking manchild.
I think he tried to switch the grip to have the blade pointed downward because they don't understand knife fighting.
[deleted]
I think so too.  Attack mode = blade pointing up.  Stabbing upwards more easily gets under the rib cage and into vital organs.
Or maybe he was thinking of a stealth neck stabbing since he had a single edge knife and kitchen knives aren't symmetrical like a fairbairn-sykes so no throat slitting with blade up?
He said he was sneaking so presumably he was trying to go for a plunging stab from behind
Still, you are better off thrusting upwards.
I've never stabbed anyone but why is it a better bet to go for the kidney vs neck if you have time to get behind them
I too have seen 12 angry men
You'd hit shoulder or shoulder blades, vs piercing through the back muscles and into the stomach/diaphragm/lungs depending on length of blade.


The kidneys are actually insanely small.
Bigger target and easier to go for multiple stabs.  It's not just your kidney, but the liver and other organs.
It really depends on angle of attack. Reverse grip is better for a "slice and if you miss go for a retracting stab" Blade in standard grip is mostly used for defense. Best use for a close encounter is to hold the blade upright and close to your hip. Allows for shoulder and bicep strength to be used at maximum power. Also makes it hard for an assailaint to stop or steal the blade. 

By the by, a cop gave me that advice.
Because I am very stupid and indeed watched too many movies. I tried to hold it like one of those serial killers? Didn't go quite as planned
Also easier to slash someone’s wrist who covers their face/just slash someone’s face open.
Throat slitting is a very noisy way to kill a person.  The actual technique is to stick the knife into their kidney from the back.  This is so painful that it paralyzes the victim and they can't scream.
Depending on the goal slashing is not lethal.  Painful and intimidating for sure but if the intent is to potentially kill them then stabbing is the way to get the result.
Such a good movie. The Family Guy spoof prompted me to watch the real movie
But in the context of a fight in which you don't have the advantage of being able to sneak up on someone and they are already alert to you, getting in a slash where you can is better than nothing. Maybe you get lucky and it's a nice deep cut, or you hit a major blood vessel. Stabbing would be ideal of course, but if you can't get an opening to stab them taking a good slash is still worth it.
To be honest many people don't want to get involved in a knife fight because getting slashed and stabbed hurts.  The sight of cold steel is often enough to make people change their plans regarding an altercation.  However, if you do engage in a knife fight you stand a 100% chance of getting cut.
If you ever find yourself in anything even remotely resembling a knife fight, please ignore any advice you were given here.

The golden rule - Running is the best self defense. Everything else is just backup.
[deleted]
Honestly. Keeping the blade close to your hip and ramming into them would be the best way to attack if you are inexperienced with knives like the one who generated this thread. I worked in a kitchen for close to 5 years so playing with knives came into it alot whenever i got bored. I cant juggle them but i can find the centre of balance in a knife instantly and going from standard grip to reverse and vice vesra is something i can do with my eyes closed. Literally.
[deleted]

Summary:
I still have a scar on my middle finger.
I should not touch knives.
I tried to hold it like one of those serial killers?
Maybe the big sticks then.
One scar on the thumb looks like a football.
I tried to hold it like a serial killer.
Sorry I don't know what blunted knives mean.
I could see the very point of the knife pressing against the other side of my hand.
so I repositioned the knife for attack-mode.
*Tries spinning stick on finger to look badass*

*blows brains out instead*
I was the definition of stealth.
The tip of my thumb will never be the same.
I think he tried to switch the grip to have the blade pointed downward because they don't understand knife fighting.
I always think about how that easily could’ve been my finger.
Why don't you do it with blunted knives?
Or maybe a knife fight in Cuba.
Sorry, I don't know the terminology.
The actual technique is to stick the knife into their kidney from the back.
I, too, am fucking stupid and should not be allowed near sharp objects.
*Tries spinning gun on finger to look badass*

*blows brains out instead*
CRKT Knife and learned how sharp that was.
I have a horizontal scar on my pinky finger from doing the same thing.
maybe you should stick to big sticks or guns.
