Original Response:
Growing up in the church gets really confusing when you are deemed old enough to be taught about a biblical approach to sexuality. My generation had a plethora of resources at our disposal: "I kissed dating goodbye" "silver ring thing" "true love waits" "purity rings" "purity pledges" were all around us. My church opted to use " Every Young Man's/Woman's Battle" as their guide to teach us about sexuality as well as some media from Teen Mania ministries. 

Through these media, I learned that love was like a quantity. The more partners you had sex with, the more your ability to love would be cut in half. Someone who had only one partner could love them fully, but someone who had two partners would have half the ability to love because they'd already given pieces of their heart away to somebody else and formed a permanent soul tie. Their relationships would be forever tainted with emotional baggage and resentment. Only the emotionally pure would have blissful married sex. Unfortunately, even a simple crush or a kiss could taint one's emotional purity, so one had to carefully guard their heart to prevent losing even the tiniest piece of their heart. Metaphors like spit in a cup, pre-chewed gum, flower with it's petals pulled off were used to show us that those who engaged in premarital sex were as worthless as used or damaged goods. I was taught that masturbation was selfish and sinful. While young men struggle with porn, young women struggle with emotional needs when it comes to sex - according to every young woman's battle. From these ideas came concepts like "no-touch courtship" and even "betrothal" in far more conservative corners of the church as an answer to the seemingly corrupt dating world. Some daughters were taken to purity balls where their fathers promised to be the protectors of their virginity and carefully select for them their future husbands to whom they could entrust their daughter to. Like it or not, these teachings and a great many others are still prevalent. Do you know which ones your church teaches your children? 

In recent years, books about the damage done by purity culture teachings laser-focus on virginity, shaming non-virgins, destroying their self-worth has come to light. Some - including myself - experience sexual dysfunction after years of repressing our sexuality, it doesn't just work at the snap of a finger. How can we as the current generation of leaders of the church change the dialogue to create a more sex-positive message that helps the next generation walk in truth and not lies and fear? I truly believe that the church has to recognize it's role in damaging young souls just as they are learning about sexuality and must have a hand in changing the message if the church wants to have a future. I do believe that these flawed teachings are half the reason why my generation isn't having as many kids as early in life as my parents and grandparents did. We've all be guilt-tripped, shamed, and frightened by the mere thought of accepting ourselves as the sexual beings we were made to be. 

If you're a child of purity culture teachings, do you feel that they helped you or hinder you? What would you keep? What do you wish you hadn't been taught?
For one we cannot accept the "sex positive" terminology as it tends to mean that there are no prohibitions against adultery, fornication, porn etc. and that consent is all that matters. 

The simplest answer is to insist on the Bible's teaching on matters of sexuality but not go beyond the Bible. The Bible says not to commit fornication. It does not say that we should have "no touch" courtship. It says that we must behave appropriately towards those we are in a relationship with. It does not tell us to have purity balls. 

The solution to weird sexual repression is not sexual libertinism but teaching the whole counsel of God.
EXACTLY! Just follow the Bible. Don’t use one extreme to fix the other extreme. Some of these comments are a little disturbing, “purity training”, tying down your genitals with string??? Wtf?? I guess I’m sheltered.


P.S. all the people commenting saying how their pastor said non-virgins were “dirty and worthless”, seem to take what the pastor says more to heart than what the actual bible say .

-a virgin
&gt; For one we cannot accept the "sex positive" terminology as it tends to mean that there are no prohibitions against adultery, fornication, porn etc. and that consent is all that matters. 

Yeah. I saw a few people here try to use it to mean "a more positive attitude about sex / way of talking about it." And I was like that really isn't how it is used in most contexts. In most contexts it means the idea that consent is all that matters. (with a few additional word games about how anything that matters is considered part of consent).

&gt;The solution to weird sexual repression is not sexual libertinism

Also, purity culture people don't seem to realize how enantiodromia works. Overly sexually liberal culture exists *because* of this repression. Create a paradigm where people follow arbitrary rules and feel guilt about them, and once they leave it they will have no clue how to have a reasonable metric, and will want to test limits to prove to themselves they can.
&gt; seem to take what the pastor says more to heart than what the actual bible say .

The problem is that people are trained not to read or trust the bible really. Many modern churches believe theology that really isn't biblical. So by necessity in order to not have people challenge it they will basically discourage actually trying to interpret it. You are meant to read it only in the light of supporting the conclusions they want you to have.
Great points. Scripture is the answer
I worry though, the Bible wasn't written with our world in mind. Paul was speaking to the concerns of ancient Greece and Italy, and their customs. They didn't live in a world of equality like we do today. Not going beyond the Bible is sort of like being stuck in a time-warp. In some ways, we have gone beyond the Bible. We don't treat our slaves well, we did one better and set them free and shut down the institution altogether. Could sex be a similar arena? Something that is in a sense beyond the limits of what God's word says and that's why we struggle with the best way to deal with it in a good way?
Pastors generally say what the Bible says. Sometimes it's hard to distinguish the two.
This is deception. God has always cared about our sexual obedience. The Bible never creates an artificial distinction concerning equality when it comes to sex.
There was no real sense of equality when the Bible was written. It was a patriarchal setting where women were secondary and subordinates of the men in their lives.
Not true really, and not relevant.
Considering that women were forbidden from teaching or having authority over men, it just screams inequality.
Women still are.
[deleted]

Summary:
Pastors generally say what the Bible says.
and that consent is all that matters.
The Bible says not to commit fornication.
And I was like that really isn't how it is used in most contexts.
In some ways, we have gone beyond the Bible.
The more partners you had sex with, the more your ability to love would be cut in half.
In most contexts it means the idea that consent is all that matters.
