Original Response:
Fiat currency is just a hallucination
yes and so is your house and your car and the clothes on your back.

all of which you bought how? with what?
Now visit that garbage truck and buy yourself a house, a car, and some clothes to cover your back.
that money isn't worthless because fiat is bad. it is worthless because the communist government of Venezuela was an epic FAIL. you stupid bitcoiners think your stupid coin cures cancer. and bad hair days. youre so stupid.
No need for insult. I have not insulted you. You need to understand the concept of money to realise that it was a solution once and now bitcoin is the new solution. You're more than welcome to continue using fiat currency but most of it you will find in rubbish dumps. Bitcoin is a technology in line with the evolution of value exchange.
And what did the communist government of Venezuela do wrong?
&gt;Bitcoin is a technology in line with the evolution of value exchange

Yeah I always wanted a slow fee-high way to buy something that I can't actually use to buy stuff anywhere because it's volatile as shit and even if they do accept it you need to tack on 10% of the price to handle the price swings.

Why isn't everyone using it!?
Good question. Here are some more questions. Why is everyone using USD or Chinese currency or any other national currency? 
Having asked that, please understand the difference between Bitcoin the technology or protocol and bitcoin the cryptocurrency, plus the 1000 or so altcoins. 
It's about use cases. Cryptocurrencies are applications of Bitcoin just like Reddit is an application of the Internet Protocol. Why isn't everyone using Reddit? It doesn't solve the problem for everyone just like bitcoin. Maybe in the future, we may see more or less adoption of bitcoin or other altcoins just like some fiat currencies have disappeared from nation states. Remember that money was universally accepted only after 400 years of resistance by those using minerals for value exchange. The currency may falter but the technology is here to stay and as more and more people understand it and use it, its adoption will raise.
All money is a shared delusion.

The only things truly valuable are the freedom to be oneself, and the basic resources one needs to do what one wants/needs to do to have a meaningful and enjoyable life.
Be something entirely other than Communist.
Is what I also thought
Precisely, and to know the value of your skills and competencies.

Summary:
Why isn't everyone using it!
Why isn't everyone using Reddit?
Bitcoin is a technology in line with the evolution of value exchange.
