Original Response:
Looking for some advice here. My wife and I have an amazing, strong, independent daughter who just turned 10. The two of them recently went to a one-day class about what to expect and how to deal with things as her body starts to change, and this made me realize that while I’m prepared “academically” I don’t really know how she’s going to change as a person in the next few years. 

What are her needs going to be from me? Is she going to start butting heads with her momma the way that I did with my dad when I hit puberty? How can I support both of them? It’s amazing (and I’ll admit a little sad) to see my little girl turning into a little woman before my eyes, and I just want to do what I can to help her become the best person she can be.

And on a much more specific level, I have a little bag in my car with tampons and pads in case she ever needs it, but what else should I keep there? All the “first period kits” seem to just have those things. What about baby wipes? Chocolate? Advil? Or are those just dumb stereotype things that girls don’t really need?
I want to add, and I'm not saying you'll do this, but don't make her feel ashamed when she's on her period. When I was a preteen and living with my parents, I wasn't allowed to throw my pads away in any trash can inside the house. This was my dad's rule. He felt that the blood was gross and, therefore, I had to always take my pads outside to the trash. This was embarrassing and totally not convenient because, on heavy flow days, that might mean taking a pad to the bin at 2am. It was also really embarrassing because that meant everyone in the house knew I was on my period. In a way, it felt like a punishment for something I had no control over.
Yeah for sure that’s not me, but thank you for the advice. I’ll do my best to never make her feel any different when she’s having her period, or to single her out in any way like this.
Oh my poor girl, that’s horrible! I’m sorry you had to go through that, I could only imagine how isolating that felt. Thank you for sharing
That's great. She's really lucky to have a dad who is so supportive.
She’s the most amazing thing in the world, I’m lucky to have her as my daughter.
[deleted]
I had this too. Make sure you have little pedal bins in all your bathrooms
[deleted]
My mom always went along with what my dad said. In this case it would have been nice for her to stand up for me though.
[deleted]

Summary:
What are her needs going to be from me?
How can I support both of them?
She's really lucky to have a dad who is so supportive.
