Original Response:
Now that Kralkatorrik has access to the Mists, he can reach more magic than all the other elder dragons combined. **The magic of the human gods.** They are somewhere in the Mists, looking for a new world to start life. Klark has had a taste of Balthazar's divine magic, so it's very likely that he's hungry for more.

I'm not sure why he's so focussed on Aurene (Yes, she's the baby of Glint who, who once belonged to him so maybe he wants revenge) but the 'logical' thing to do is hunting the human gods. Can we possibly see an elder dragon fight which includes the human gods? Would other Elder Dragons be able to eat Klark's magic if he dies in the mists? Are the human gods able to absorb the dragon magic when one dies?

The gods left Tyria because of the elder dragons. We have already killed 2 and are planning the death of a third, with a solution to the whole 'end of the world' thing. Could they possibly return to Tyria, restore Orr or maybe create a new city of the gods?

&amp;#x200B;

We can go in a lot of different directions, I'm curious to see where the devs will take us.
Sounds good. Gods vs Dragon.
And Charr tanks.
There's always room for Charr tanks.
God vs Dragon vs Aetherblades

Branded Mai Trin - I'm calling it now. Aided by a  ghostly Horrik with spooooky powers
HORRIK!
BOY!
Mai Trin: Haha, stupid Lion Guard, they will never catch me in the Mists!  

Also Mai Trin: What the fuck?! There's an Elder Dragon hunting for magic and possibly Gods? Where's the way back to Tyria already?
NEPHEW
Yes! If there's ever a time to bring Mai Trin and the Aetherblades back (especially after that potential tease with Auris Weirdbringer who seems to be wearing Aetherblade garb while porting all over the place), it would be now. Perhaps we'll finally learn why Scarlet sent them to the Mists and why Mai didn't return for the Battle of Lion's Arch. Perhaps we'd finally see what Scarlet meant with her enigmatic words: "Caithe, someday you'll see, Tyria needs me."

In fact, given how Kralkatorrik's actions are affecting the Mists in a grander scale, we could even see the return of Scarlet herself as a ghost; perhaps she'd have regained her sanity and be her pre-corruption self: she might be a sociopath, but I doubt she'd want Tyria to be destroyed as all she wanted was to create a new world fitting her image of what the world should be rather than outright destroy all life.

Would be even better if we tied the Foefire cleansing ritual (and the prophecy) into Rytlock, Logan or the true heir of Ascalon finally dealing with the Ascalonian ghosts by sending them into the Mists and purifying them of their insanity. Imagine if we met a cleansed Adelbern and convinced him to take the Ascalonian ghost army to support the Primevals against Kralkatorrik as his one last mission to spare Ascalon (and the rest of Tyria) from destruction. Even better if we saw ghosts of Barradin, Althea and more importantly Rurik who could finally reconcile with his father Adelbern as they fight side by side against the menacing Elder Dragon while their two family lines are united in death.

For even more extra points, it would be awesome to see an "enemy mine" situation where we had Adelbern's ghost forces fight alongside Flame Legion etc. ghosts (perhaps we'd even meet Pyre Fierceshot again) so we'd have a juicy image of Adelbern and Gaheron Baelfire begrudgingly joining forces to take down a bigger foe (to protect Ascalon or because there shall be no deity besides Baelfire, respectively). After all, the personal story with Alastia Crow suggested that at least the human Commander's enemies walk the Mists and remember what had been done to them, so seeing past villains return as ghostly cameos and being convinced to fight for the greater good would be such a heartwarming moment even if we'd likely face an inevitable betrayal or two from some of the more hard-headed enemies who want payback on us. :)
&gt; we could even see the return of Scarlet herself as a ghost

That would be very cool - to see what she has to say about the death of Modremoth. Speaking of which, WHERE'S MY BOY TRAHEARN. I was hoping to see him,  after having visited that orrian rift. Would have been nice to have some real closure (Knight of the thorn quest being only Caladbolg's memories)

One problem though is where the writers draw the line between who we can see and cannot see in the mists. It's a whole can of worms they opened. Maybe they should explain a bit more about what allows a spirit to cross over from the Mists to Tyria and what the limitations of these apparitions are.
Depending on how they handle sylvari afterlives (so far we only saw displaced sylvari spirits in the Domain of the Lost, but that seemed to be because of Balthazar's shenanigans disrupting the realms), we could see Trahearne's spirit actually meeting and joining forces with Glint. I imagine a tactical genius, scholar and fierce necromancer such as Trahearne would be a nice asset in Glint's great war campaign against Kralkatorrik and actually give us and Trahearne real closure instead of us just meeting Caladbolg's Dream version of Trahearne who was close to the real deal but not quite the one and only Big T. :)

We've been told in Hall of Chains raid that Dhuum has been feasting on some souls for quite some time, and he apparently sent Eaters of Souls to different realms to gather magic for him, but with his sealing and the falls of the Eaters there's no telling what might happen next. We saw Gwen's spirit survive Dhuum's onslaught, so theoretically other notable human spirits might've survived too, especially now that they're under new management (still unsure who leads Fissure of Woe with Balthy being gone, though, but that might be explored in a future raid). And if Dhuum never got to the other races' afterlives, we could theoretically meet any race's dead if ANet deems it suitable for story.

Some rifts between Tyria's land of the living and the Mists form when mass deaths occur in this or that region as apparently collective soul magic and suffering cause imbalance. We also had the curious artifact Eternal Flame in Citadel of Flame explorable which allowed the recently dead to return to life before we destroyed it and banished Gaheron's spirit to the Mists, so if any other such non-Six Gods artifacts (presumably) exist, who knows what shenanigans might occur. Then there's the Grenthian ritual as seen with Alastia Crow which allowed priests of Grenth to summon a spirit to the land of the living for a while as well as attracting hostile Mist entities with them.

As long as Kralky keeps opening rifts all over the place, theoretically any spirit could try passing over and would successfully do so for a short while until the rifts are closed as seen with Snaff and Eir. If we go into the Mists themselves, then a whole world of possibilities opens for us as we've seen long-gone figures like Primevals still keep fighting there, and seeing spirits who have been gone for over a decade (like Snaff) being just fine...not sure if Glint pulled his spirit from the Domain of the Lost or the asuran afterlife, but apparently there's some way for spirits to appear even when most go to their designated afterlives which aren't in contact (as suggested by the bittersweet love story of the human and norn spirit who refused to move on in order to stay together in "The Departing").

And yes, it would be nice to see the narrative designers expand on the afterlife and spirit concepts in Tyrian lore if they feel ambitious enough to tackle such. It's one of the more mysterious parts of the lore and has continued to be so since the writings about Lord Odran and his involvement with ghosts. :)

Summary:
**The magic of the human gods.
There's an Elder Dragon hunting for magic and possibly Gods?
The gods left Tyria because of the elder dragons.
Can we possibly see an elder dragon fight which includes the human gods?
Would other Elder Dragons be able to eat Klark's magic if he dies in the mists?
