Original Response:
The name 'Bitmain' says a lot.

Bcash is not only a thoroughly dishonest coin; it is also heavily centralised.  It is the project of a small cartel of rich and disingenuous people.

A joke coin.  

Controlled by multimillionaires.  Crashing in price.  Completely discredited and widely distrusted.

To attempt to hold a coin like this up to Bitcoin is pathetic.
bch has nothing to do with bitmain tho
can you not go off topic
Do you mean the Bitmain that holds 600 million plus dollars worth of Bcash that is unsaleable and collapsing in value?

The Bitmain that heavily promotes Bcash?

The Bitmain that many analysts agree may go under financially due to its stupid pumping, hoarding and promotion of the failing, discredited and highly centralised coin Bcash?

If we are not talking about the same Bitmain, then I apologise.

How are you spelling Bitmain - maybe you are referring to a different company to myself?
And this is related to bitmain 7nm chip announcement how? 
again can we stay on topic?
Your title, which includes no descriptive comment, makes no reference to chip dimensions.  

So how am I off-topic?
a title does not equal a article or did you not read the article you just started your tangent because of a title.
This is just a shill for Bitmain from you, isn't it?

BTW, 7 nm is not that small by current standards, so that was a shill in itself from Bitmain.

Inexpert shilling upon a shill.
nice strawman you got there
BCH has nothing to do with Bitmain, that's funny
This article is nothing but a bash on Mow and  Blockstream because they are calling out Bitmain.  Go back to your clan of tards at r/btc
Can you please list the parts of the article which are just a bash on Mow.
Misuse of that term.  My position is absolutely clear.
Nah mate it's not.
Whoooah.

But your own title is a bash on MOW!

You are a certified Bcasher - thick as fuck.
how is that a bash lol grow abit of thick skin. I love bitcoin but hate blockstream.
I rest my case.  :)
so can we analyze and talk about the article now?
A past comment of yours:

"bitcoin cash is the real bitcoin😁🤟👍. also I dont really see it as bashing its more constructive criticism there's a difference."

Fuck off, all you btrashers are the same
nice strawman you got there
Just calling out a douchebag shill when I see one.  Go back to your r/btc shithole.
You post an awful lot about bch for not holding any.  I mean cut the shit man it's clear your just a shill, you're not bullshitting anyone.
PS, straw man is two words.

Summary:
The Bitmain that heavily promotes Bcash?
This article is nothing but a bash on Mow and  Blockstream because they are calling out Bitmain.
This is just a shill for Bitmain from you, isn't it?
bch has nothing to do with bitmain tho
can you not go off topic.
