Original Response:
My new (to me) 05 GSXR 600, cripple triple.  Picture is from a quiet track day at Thunderhill in Northern California
I'm curious how the 450's feel. Similar power delivery as the 600's, just obviously reduced across the rev range?
Great shot!  I had to look up what a "cripple triple" was, that's great.
Cripple triple? Was ist das?

Just looked it up. That's pretty neat.
I haven't spent any meaningful time on a 600.  Before this I've only had twins.  From that perspective, it feels like an SV650 with no torque and all the power at the top.

It's more about the whole package, enough power to have fun with all the stuff that matters (suspension, brakes, ergonomics, 180+ tires, etc).  Plus it is economical, you can get multiple weekends out of a set of slicks.
Now I know your reddit handle again... muahhaa...  
  
Wait, did you post this on the way to my house?
Yeah just before I left.
For those that don't want to google it. It's a 600 IL4 with one of the cylinders disabled to effectively make it a 450 IL3 with a 150 balance cylinder. Here in New Zealand, people do it to get a modern supersports into formula 3 and they are competitive. [Number 27 in this National F3 race was a cripple triple.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zijfYb3Yk0) Brilliant race, definitely worth watching. And at [this point they discuss how the bike was modified.](https://youtu.be/5zijfYb3Yk0?t=9m23s)

 There's different ways to disable the cylinder. u/laserdiscmagic how was your one modified to run as a cripple triple?
Cam lobe ground off.
Damn, that’s super interesting, never heard of anything like that.
So, are like the exhaust valves left open to not create compression? Or is the power lost from compressing a dead cylinder not enough to worry about?
The old method. Now people just do a dummy injector or a switch.
How's it compare to the flap bike from last time?
Never ridden a FLAP bike.
Oh I was thinking of someone else who tried a flap bike at thill and went to a cripple triple after that. 
Enjoy!
I bought a cripple triple prepped track bike recently gonna be taking it to thill this coming Sunday! Can't wait !

Summary:
I had to look up what a "cripple triple" was, that's great.
u/laserdiscmagic how was your one modified to run as a cripple triple?
Never ridden a FLAP bike.
