Original Response:
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.

Now being posted at 10pm eastern!

https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74
What's up everybody?  How are we this nice Friday night?

&amp;#x200B;

I'm good!  Had a slow day at work.  Got home and one of my new rugs was delivered!  So, I schlepped it upstairs, moved the coffee table and recliner in my gaming room, and unrolled that sumbitch!  Now, I'm putting together my DIY order finally.  If anyone has any great recipes for a new mixer, let me know please!

&amp;#x200B;

Watching: That 70s Show.. would be Silicon Valley, but Hulu is being a pain in my ass right now.

&amp;#x200B;

Drinking: Funkwerks "Tropic King" Imperial Saison

&amp;#x200B;

Vaping: mostly Cereal Crunch.

&amp;#x200B;

What's up with you? Any big plans for the weekend?  What you vaping tonight?
I chuckled at the word "schlepped"
I enjoy using uncommonly heard phrases sometimes.  "Carried" would have conveyed my message, but... its so boring!
[congrats on the first my dude!!! ](https://m.imgur.com/xBUnlyY) 

No recipes as of yet but give me a bit and I’ll send over my nilla nade recipe when it’s actually good haha

Anything you’re planning on mixing? Also, get your nic PG based. VG can be a pain.
Thanks man!

I have 50/50 based Nic in my cart.  Is it really that much of a difference?

I've got 12 flavors in my cart currently.  Enough to make: kiwi cheesecake, strawberry cheesecake, backwoods lemonade, a god milk clone, and potentially a few things.  Figure it's a good place to start and good variety!
Yeah that was a fun but of flair. I like interesting words. I approve!
50/50 should be fine. VG based and you gotta really shake it to get rid of hot spots of nic. Plus it’s a pain to use a syringe with unless it’s wide. 

Def nice to have variety!!
Watching Cheers and overstresing over the purchase of my new mod. Gawd this is the most annoying thing I've ever done
What did you pick up?

New purchases can be annoying. Thats why i dont buy much. I over analyze everything and am worried about second guessing.. I research things meticulously before (and after!) I buy to try and avoid buyer's remorse..
Oh how I wish I had already bought. I was set on the Nunchaku until I went down the rabbit hole of dual batteries, then it was temp control, and now I'm somehow all the way back at where I started with focusing on flavor, ability to use various vg/pg levels, and size. I don't even know how many mods I've researched this past two weeks. 30+?

The big hump in getting over right now is that my Joytech ego is totally pocket sized but can't use anything with higher vg than 50%, so to get better tanks and coils I'm going to have to deal with a bigger mod. I'm trying to convince myself to just buy the Nunchaku but immediately hit a wall of "well, it's fat and only has one 18650 so bad battery life and no temp control" so then I say "fuck it, ijoy saber it is, but wait that's even fatter" fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck

Buying a goddamn car was easier than this


Sorry for swearing but I am beginning to regret wanting better than my trusty, albeit kinda shit, eGo
Here's a tip that made me a happier vaper: own a couple devices. You'll have backups, and what works well at home may not be portable, and what's portable may not be best for at home.

I have 2 mods I use regularly, plus a pod system that fits well in my pocket that i can carry around easily.
That does make the most amount of sense and its just my mind holding me back. I came to vaping to quit cigarettes, both for the health reasons and the cost. 

So, even though vaping is healthier (or rather, less bad) than smoking, my goal is to quit by February thus I don't want to sink too much in to mods. 

To make it all even more fun I am extremely particular about the anesthetics of the mod and layout of the buttons, bordering on obsessive compulsive, and all the designs I can tolerate are a year old at best so finding them for sale is tough. 

In all, I just make this over complicated for myself. The Charon TC or the Tesla Steampunk are the other major contenders but I can only find the former with the camo style which isn't my thing, and the latter is a little too fru-fru. 

I just hate that my mind will only let me be happy with the way certain mods looks. Then theres tanks, but that I have down to the Nunchaku or the fireluke mesh. Just don't know if there are any good short squat tanks that get the same love those two do.

Summary:
&amp;#x200B;

What's up with you?
I have 50/50 based Nic in my cart.
Thats why i dont buy much.
I research things meticulously before (and after!)
VG can be a pain.
I chuckled at the word "schlepped"
