Original Response:
So I want to start by saying I bought a new ninja 400 this year. I did all the research into which bike I should get and watched all the youtube videos.

I was told:

- You will most likely drop your first bike
- Don’t buy a new one (see above)
- Take the class
- Respect the bike
- Ride within your limits
- Stay 600cc or preferably below

500 miles in I had a low-speed (fortunately) low-side crash that broke the fantasy I was living in. Fortunately, I had basic gear (gloves, boots, helmet) or my left hand would be quite a bit thinner.

These were the lies I told myself:

- I’m a responsible driver therefore I will be a responsible rider
- I won’t drop my bike so I can buy a new one
- I’m smarter than these other guys so I can ride hard without road experience

So the message I would like new or prospective riders to take from this is, first of all, assume the advice here and everywhere else online applies to EVERYBODY. 

I drive my truck like an old woman on her way home from lunch on Sunday. But when I get on the bike I feel an irresistible urge that creeps in to go a little bit faster. The acceleration is a thrill more than the speed. If I can fall prey to it then so can you.

And the biggest fallacy was that when I go fast it’s not the same as when other people go fast because IM not an idiot. Well going 70 on narrow residential streets makes me an idiot. Like I said I wouldn’t classify myself as a reckless person but you get stuck in traffic for a while and when you finally get out you WILL want to open it up. 

You are the biggest threat to your own safety. And the best antidote to over-confidence is constant honest self-assessment.

Good luck. Wear your gear.

Edit: People seem to be taking issue with me admitting I’ve done something reckless, and I’m not going to defend it. It was reckless. The purpose of me bringing it up was to illustrate how your perception of your ability and control can change, particularly in the beginning if you haven’t had an accident.
70 in a residential **is** reckless though....
That’s the point of what I’m saying. You don’t plan on it* but for me at least you look down and realize you’re going to fast

Edit: You dont set out with reckless intentions*
I cant fathom how you let yourself get that fast... 45 is dangerous in a residential... jesus man...
I’m not advocating speeding and I’m not a badass, I’m only on a 400. But if you don’t understand what I’m talking about then clearly this isn’t aimed at you.
Nah I mean you punch it and aren't paying attention. It happens to me too
That’s what I’m saying I’m not advocating it. I’m trying to warn people about it.
It just happens. Pulling away from a light if I shift at 8-9K through 2nd I'm already going like 60.
Sure, us F4is can go 65-70mph in first, we still have to really wind it up to do so, but a ninja 400 has to shift at least two or three times. 

You have to try to be dumb on a low cc bike like that. I know because I have a 500 also. 

So no, for him, or for anyone really, speeding doesn't just happen. He had no self-control. Period. 

Speeding is not just a thing that happens. Just because it's easy to do and most everyone does it (super guilty) doesn't mean it isn't completely avoidable with a small amount of discipline. 

Especially in a residential area like OP said. Just. Why? So you can hit a dog or a kid? Or make all your neighbors hate you? Go find some nice back roads and tear it up there.
[removed]
Hello, /u/Negrodamuswuzhere. This has been automatically removed from /r/motorcycles because it includes a link shortener. Please use the full URL, and use comment markup. 

If you have any questions about this removal, please feel free to [message the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/motorcycles&amp;subject=Question regarding the removal of this comment by /u/Negrodamuswuzhere&amp;message=I have a question regarding the removal of this comment: [My first 500 miles and some lies I told myself.]( https://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/comments/9c83al/my_first_500_miles_and_some_lies_i_told_myself/e59h1il/?context=3\))

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/motorcycles) if you have any questions or concerns.*
It’s fun to get the revs up + it’s fun to shift  = speed 

Two blocks or so for a 400 to get to sixty goes by pretty quick, it’s certainly available within the mechanical limits of the bike.

I’ve said it every time in this thread, I don’t advocate it and the reason I mentioned it wasn’t to say that this is my daily commuting behavior. It was a moment where I realized I had pushed it too far and I’m hoping I can save someone that lesson by giving them the facts as I’ve seen them.
Learn how to control yourself. Shit like this is why people hate bikers
Ok so your highways are under 60mph or what? I don't see where I posted that I'm ripping through residential streets at 70mph. Was just posting about the bikes power band and how you can occasionally overdo it if you're not careful. You'll notice I said "if"; also what bike do you ride with all this preaching you're doing ?
An fz07

And to the point, sure you said if. But in context here it looks like you're defending the types of cunts who jet through residentials at incredible reckless speeds.
You shouldnt be on the road if you're incapable of paying attention. In a car or on a bike
Thank you for some sanity and common sense here
Think I'll be getting an FZ next I loved the test ride. Not defending people who do so intentionally, but giving an example of how someone can do so if they aren't prepared. 

I shift at about 5-6K around town, but when I was learning the bike I definitely had speedo shock a few times. Easy to just rev to 8-9K when you know the bike isn't even trying yet, it's one of the reasons why a supersport bike is a bad idea for a no0b.
That's pretty much what I'm saying.

Your bike is capable of easily speeding, yes. It was your self-control that got away from you. Whoever I replied to in this comment thread that said, "it just happens", is just wrong. 

It doesn't happen unless you let it.
Which exactly the theme of this post. 

It’s not “it just happens” it’s “it can happen to you”

Like I said this is aimed at new people and if you would have asked me after my msf class whether I would ride that way I would have told you no. It’s a word of warning about self-control.
But I need muh ninja! I think I've got a 2015 I think. It's nice. I deleted the rear fender already and this winter I'm going to do a front end LED conversion of I can find a nice one. Super easy to work on because its naked. 

I think the speed thing is really just something people need to pay attention to. Like, communities hate bikers for that reason. Being on the road in a car or a bike means you should be in control and paying attention to things like speed.
Good on you for learning from your experiences. 

I'm not arguing with anything you said, just so we're clear. I was disagreeing with the other guy.

Summary:
It happens to me too.
Speeding is not just a thing that happens.
I think the speed thing is really just something people need to pay attention to.
I’m trying to warn people about it.
Being on the road in a car or a bike means you should be in control and paying attention to things like speed.
So no, for him, or for anyone really, speeding doesn't just happen.
That’s the point of what I’m saying.
You'll notice I said "if"; also what bike do you ride with all this preaching you're doing ?
But I need muh ninja!
