Original Response:
[This tweet](https://twitter.com/cfd_steve/status/1029872530776047616) has been making its rounds on social media, so I thought I'd link it:

&gt; When someone sees a slippery slope between same-sex marriage and beastiality or pedophilia, that's a pretty good indication that they view marriage as a pairing between a man and his sex-object, not a loving bond between two consenting adults of sound mind.
Doesnt make sense to me though. I cant make that link. Can someone help?
She’s definitely not of a sound mind
The presumption is that person who says  "gay marriage will lead to paedophilia and bestialisty" is insinuating that the person believes marriage is primarily about the sex.

An example of a retort would be, "eh hello. Marriage, be it among two guys or girls is more than just legalising the sex. Why you think so far say until  sex this sex that with animals and children? Is it because you think marriage between men and women is just for sex?"

Irony is that, that retort in itself is a slippery slope too... Fight fire with fire I suppose.
sounds right, after all many of them believe it's a mental illness (hence an adult of unsound mind) and can be converted
Neither an animal or child can consent.  Which suggests that marriage is not about consent if gay marriage is being equated with those acts.  That then follows that the woman’s consent in that equation is not important either.
Can you explain how the retort is considered a slippery slope? Wouldnt it just be strawman fallacy?
Because Thio can just reply, "no ah I never say it is about the sex. You take my statement 'gay marriage leads to paedophilia/bestiality' and generalise  (which is characteristic of slippery sloping) say until think that's what I mean."

Yes I suppose that is also a form of Strawman Fallacy, i.e. trying to counter Thio by defeating an argument which she isn't even saying.

For all we know, Thio could mean that the problem with recognising Same-sex Marriage, and why it is similar to similar to bestiality and paedophilia, is that It Does Not Produce Children. See? She where got say Sex-Object this or that? Example only la.

But then you can go for all the a) But so? Why does Children have to be a requirement for something to be legal? b) Some straight marriage also no children, you going to invalid their marriage ah? etc.
&gt;*In 2008, President Nathan announced in Parliament that the heterosexual family, man, woman and children is the basic building block of Singapore – love and procreation.*  
&gt;  
&gt;...  
&gt;  
&gt;*Similarly, why can’t a male/male who love each other, have the same freedom to love as a man/woman. The reason is that they cannot procreate.*

The above was quoted from her letter, your "example" is correct. She actually quite literally states that marriage is not about love, but rather procreation. Following this, I have amended the tweet to correctly reflect Thio Su Mien's views as follows:

&gt;When ~~someone~~ Thio Su Mien sees a slippery slope between same-sex marriage and beastiality or pedophilia, that's a pretty good indication that they view marriage as a pairing between a man and his ~~sex-object~~ baby-making machine, not a loving bond between two consenting adults of sound mind.
Ah I see it now, thanks for taking the time to explain :)
wasnt there just a post a day or two back asking for incest to be legalised. i dont see that on this list

Summary:
Because Thio can just reply, "no ah I never say it is about the sex.
Can you explain how the retort is considered a slippery slope?
I cant make that link.
