Original Response:
It's like the writer just learned about Bitcoin a week ago from a PowerPoint or from a conversation with a fanboy.   Reads as if a high school kid wrote this.  If it only takes you several bullet points to argue your case then it's not a good case at all.
In physics simplicity is beauty is nature.
This isn't physics. I teach physics.  I see you have no physics background to make that statement.  Every point this guy makes is patently false or highly debatable.  An no Bitcoin will never be a reserve currency.   Just to give an example. What he said in the physics world would be something like : axions exist, magnetic monopoles exist, supersymmetry is correct therefore dark energy is a supersymmetric force mediated by axionsand that's why we have CP violation.  None of these statements are correct and the conclusion is absurd considering that none of these are facts. But it's simple enough so it must be correct?
mind to elaborate?
It's absurd, technically not a fact, and is not correct (yet open to correction), but it's simple enough. For me.
LOL. The guy just posted the most complicated thing he knows in his field, it doesn't make sense and he can only elaborate in principle.
you just strung together false assumptions we know are false. I want you to elaborate on why the articles assumptions are false.
&gt; I see you have no physics background to make that statement.

how did you see that?
[deleted]
One of the key assumptions is: why BTC versus another goverment based crypto, or vs another coin. Everything is open source, if the countries were to team up with a global currency (which they won't, game theory 101, every country wants to have their own monetary policy), what would prevent them from creating an official worldcoin backed by the UN? Why would governments of the world depend on mining pools that could collude and make a 51% attack, which can never be avoided since big players could collude. 

&amp;#x200B;

Face it, you are part of a zero sum game, your only hope is that 98% of the population would accept to voluntarily transition to BTC to be worse off, to bail out the 2% of the population that has BTC. I really see that happen, ppl love to be voluntarily worse off, specially when they don't benefit from the new technology over existing cards and wireless payments

&amp;#x200B;
Funnily I am also teaching physics, the guy probably posted examples that are too complex, but a simple analogy of beauty and simplicity is nature is: newtonian mechanics is right (simple, force, mass, acceleration) and relativity theory is wrong (space-time coupling, proper time, length contraction, invariance of speed of light, etc.)
I don't teach physics but I studied it extensively at higher education and I don't think anyone can truthfully say the principles are "simple". But I'm probably missing the point somewhere.
"To be worse off" as if that isn't just a blanket assertion. Tell me. Why would a government backed coin be any different that what we have now? 90% of USD is already digital. How is a government coin any different?

The true revolutionary feature of Bit coin isn't that it is digital currency. It's that it is a digital currency *without government*. That's is #1 feature.
That's how it's called. If I have zero bitcoin right now and it becomes the reserve currency with a crazy value I will lose a lot in terms of relative net worth in comparison with coiners. Isn't that worse off?

In a zero sum game, there are people that are better off (early adopters) and worse off (late adopters). What incentive is there for the late adopters to adopt the system? None. So it is not a question of awareness, it is just a question of having a power above the people to arbitrarily decide that from now on all transactions will be in BTC. 

BTC is like a pyramid scheme, now all you need is to get the last layer of the pyramid (the losers) agree to play the game, good luck with that.

&amp;#x200B;
&gt;Face it, you are part of a zero sum game, your only hope is that 98% of the population would accept to voluntarily transition to BTC to be worse off, to bail out the 2% of the population that has BTC.

You phrased your previous comment poorly. "Bail out" makes it seem like the ones who hold Bitcoin have somehow lost money.

&gt;BTC is like a pyramid scheme, now all you need is to get the last layer of the pyramid (the losers) agree to play the game, good luck with that.

So is the US dollar. The people at the top get to create the currency and choose what markets to prop up. The people at the bottom just eat the negative effects of inflation.
&gt;  an official worldcoin backed by the UN

I'm sure that would be popular
&gt; What incentive is there for the late adopters to adopt the system? None.

I don't think it's right to say 'none' as if it's a gospel truth. I always thought the incentive, even for a late adopter is if they become convinced that the success of btc is inevitable, and they'd be better off joining today, albeit late, than waiting another year to do it.

 Sure, maybe things won't turn out that way, but, like I said, I don't think it's justified to say 'none' as you are doing, as if it's a **fact**, and then build a further line of logic off a quite dodgy foundation.

Summary:
I see you have no physics background to make that statement.
&gt; I see you have no physics background to make that statement.
how did you see that?
Why would a government backed coin be any different that what we have now?
I don't think it's right to say 'none' as if it's a gospel truth.
It's that it is a digital currency *without government*.
