Original Response:
Oops there goes another rubber tree....
This is a tactic they use often. The sad part is its such a primitive thing to do. Any objections to their policies are met with this response. Its really sick and twisted. Even when you say "The Israeli policy of shooting unarmed protesters is sick and barbaric".. its like no, I just think anyone shooting anyone who is (peacefully no less) protesting their land being systematically stolen is a tyrant and evil.
It's the goto *ad hominem* right out of the gate.
Agreed, there's also some shady shit that goes on between Israel and the US. 

The fact that so many elites are quick to jump at criticism of Israel or it's influences is very suspicious.
The amount of dual citizens in the US government is disgusting
Butttt haaaaaamasssssss
[removed]
&gt;  is very suspicious.

We got prophecy to be doin
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pyRqstSA-ug&amp;t=0m40s
[removed]
[deleted]
There are dozens of well documented cases of the Israeli army targeting peaceful protesters, medics, children and more. 

They shot a Canadian university professor that lives in the city next to mine. He was volunteering as a medic for both sides and he posted about the events on Reddit and was interviewed by the news. It's no secret Israel has no issue with murdering innocent, peaceful protesters.
Correction, Khamas.
Israel [created Hamas](http://www.conspiracyschool.com/blog/israel-created-hamas-stall-peace):

&gt;According to Charles Freeman, a veteran US diplomat and former US ambassador to Saudi Arabia, "Israel started Hamas. It was a project of Shin Bet [Isreali domestic intelligence agency], which had a feeling that they could use it to hem in the PLO."

&gt;In 1965, Yassin had been arrested by Egyptian intelligence, but after 1967, when Israel took control of the West Bank and Gaza, Yassin was freed.  In 1973, under approval from Shin Bet, Yassin founded the Islamic Center, and began to establish effective control over hundreds of mosques.  In 1976, Yassin created the Islamic Association, which membership branches throughout the Gaza Srip, and the movement grew.

&gt;Israel's formal support for Islamic fundamentalism came with the election of the right-wing Likud party.  In 1978, Begin's new government formally licensed Yassin's Islamic Association, as part of a strategy to undermine the power of the PLO.  One aspect of that strategy was the creation of the Village Leagues, over which Yassin and the Brotherhood exercised much influence.  Up to 200 members of the Leagues were given paramilitary training in Israel, among whom Shin Bet recruited many paid informers.

&gt;David Shipler, a former reporter for the New York Times, cites the Israeli military governor of Gaza as boasting that Israel expressly financed the fundamentalists against the PLO...
What's suspicious about it? Pro-Israel groups are a reliable source of funding for politicians who toe the line, and Israel is an outright US ally in a region where that's rare. They'll try to get one over on us now and again, but so do countries like France or the UK and we try to get more than we give too. They're certainly stronger allies than Saudi Arabia or Pakistan.
If selling US nuclear secrets to China is considered reliable....well, then I don't know.
I don't know bankrupting ourselves to fight wars contsantly isn't all that great
Correction, hummus.
[removed]
Palestinians are bomb-kite flying pieces of shit. Fuck off share blue nazi
That read was rage-inducing
I can't and will not finish reading this. Thank you for turning my stomach after the first few paragraphs.
People are reading "Culture of Critique"
The link wouldn't load on my tablet for some reason.  Here's a backup link to the article but it is a rough read: archive.is/1nF1q
And they are reading Benjamin freedman's speech, as well as Charles Lindbergh's Iowa speech.
That's it. I'm unsubscribing.

I've been a subscriber of this subreddit under various accounts since the inception of subreddits. I've read things I disagree with, and I've read things that have disgusted me. I've also learned things and had lots of thoughtful, interesting conversations. But this is the last straw.

The fact that this is posted does not bother me. I don't agree with the OP's conclusion, but I also don't think it should be deleted and I think it's acceptable to have conversations like this. I'd rather the conversation be out in the open than to succumb to censorship.

The comments, and this community's response to them, are the reason I'm leaving. The fact that calls to exterminate all Jewish people are receiving more upvotes than thoughtful, reasoned, and civil criticism of this post is inexcusable. This isn't a discussion; it's a hate rally.

For those of you staying behind, enjoy the rat infested propaganda shit hole that this sub has become.
[deleted]
I've been here a long time and, if you honestly don't recognise that there is a not-insignificant anti-Jewish racist element among the longstanding members of this community, then I don't know what to tell you man...
The racist element has always been here, but so have legitimate conversations around Israeli politics or banking cartels and the way that the media uses anti-semitism to control and limit those conversation. Until recently, the latter used to win out over the former.

What I've never seen here before recently is comments like "just gas the bastards already" with a positive score hours after the comment was made. I've never seen people arguing that this should be, in fact, a discussion about a person's race or ethnicity as opposed to their political or ideological positions and actions, and everyone else agreeing with them. That's recent, and it's disturbing. A strong fascist element in a community that purports to be so vigilant about such things.
Rabid anti-Semitism has been a legitimate undercurrent within the conspiracy movement since long before the internet, let alone Reddit. To think that it must be a "false flag" to get the sub shut down is pretty nonsensical.
[deleted]
Antisemitic posts have been a staple of this sub for years and years. This isn't new. Remember how Hitler was pictured in the sidebar once?
People have been hating on Jews since the death of Christ.

But there is a modern confluence of hate between neo nazis and their conspiracies about the joos running the shadow world government.
I see lots of posts criticizing Israel, questioning the influence Zionists have on everything -- Media, Finance and Politics. I never see outright calls for violence --- this is a conspiracy subreddit, and anything to do with Hitler probably involved a heated discussion about the inconsistencies with regards to the official stories of what happened, since we all should be able to agree that Victors write the history books.
The truth hurts. And your reaction shows it.

Summary:
I've read things I disagree with, and I've read things that have disgusted me.
The fact that this is posted does not bother me.
Agreed, there's also some shady shit that goes on between Israel and the US.
The fact that so many elites are quick to jump at criticism of Israel or it's influences is very suspicious.
I can't and will not finish reading this.
The comments, and this community's response to them, are the reason I'm leaving.
I see lots of posts criticizing Israel, questioning the influence Zionists have on everything -- Media, Finance and Politics.
This isn't a discussion; it's a hate rally.
