Original Response:
[deleted]
Wow. I’ve heard of the phone calls but never actual letters. Pretty sure there are mail fraud laws that are usually taken more seriously than phone scams. Maybe that’s just in the US though.
Have you brought those letters to an accountant? I find it rather odd that the CRA doesn't know if your grandpa owes them money or not.
My 19 yr old son with autism got this call on his cell.  He was quite inconsolable because he thought he was going to be arrested for tax evasion.  He didn't even know what that was.  He was so upset and scared that his brother had to call me and tell me.

I told him to call the RCMP scam hotline about this.  He did and then he felt better.  I hope that more people report this when it happens.  We can overwhelm the RCMP with complaints until they complain to the government to get on this.
The cra can't tell you if he owes money or Not?
Look at the letters as they will always indicate an account number, sometimes fully visible or in the case of a SIN, it would be partially masked, unless a legal document like a garnishment.

Referencing CRA site, "Contact the Canada Revenue Agency about your debt" located at: https://www.canada.ca/en/revenue-agency/services/about-canada-revenue-agency-cra/when-you-money-collections-cra/contact-canada-revenue-agency-about-your-debt.html

I would contact any of the departments as they are able to access all account types. If you call the CRA collectors as opposed to General Enquiries, you will get a better, more confident response.
probably not authorized on grandpa’s account, so it’s confidential information that can’t be disclosed. just call with your grandpa and let him verbally authorize you after passing confidentiality.

scams are usually calls. If there is a letter, it usually means you’d owe a balance to CRA.
My grandparents got a letter from what looked like the Canadian government, like it looked like a Government of Canada letter even down to the envelope. It seemed really fishy, but it looked legit. After some looking we found something in the letters, I forget what it was,might have been the company name tbh. However, when we googled it, it led us to a life insurance company who has been reported quite a few times according to some people on the internet, and that must have been true because about a few weeks to a month later I saw a news article about how they were taken to court.
As an accountant I can tell you emphatically that CRA will not tell you ANYTHING unless you are authorized on the taxpayer’s account. They won’t even tell you if they sent or received mail. However, they deal exclusively in mail (never email though). They will not initiate anything with a phone call.

If the taxpayer calls in and confirms identity then CRA will discuss the account. If the taxpayer isn’t capable, they can sign a T1013 for a family member to be authorized on their behalf. Alternatively you could hire an accountant who can get the T1013 and deal with CRA.

Remember that this is confidential information. CRA takes that very seriously.
So then get authorized. It's a form or an online process.
&gt;So we've called the CRA multiple times and they can't even tell us if it's a scam or not. The CRA. Contacted through an official phone number. And they can't even tell us if it's a scam.

The CRA is a fucking joke organization. Jobs for the sake of jobs at its finest.
You can fake other people's phone numbers...
&gt; However, they deal exclusively in mail (never email though). 

I disagree. CRA contacts me through e-mails all the time after I elected not to receive paper mails anymore. However, the way they do it is that they send me an e-mail telling me that there is a message for me on their site. I then need to log into CRA secure site - with all the security measures - to be able to read the message.
I had to convince my mother that it was a scam because she was terrified after those assholes called her the first time.
Considering the CRA never calls you and pretty much only sends you letters, I would think you are correct.
Exactly. Their electronic mail is only found by logging in to your account. They won’t send you a letter through email.
jesus, I really dont understand how these people sleep at night. I get being involved in crime, selling drugs, robbing banks etc. But to target vulnerable people to rid them of their life savings must be the scammiest thing ever.
My dad's oldest sister was at the bank about to purchase money orders before we were able to convince her it was a scam.
Yep. One time I made a mistake on filing my tax return and it turned out I actually did owe them a bit more money. They sent me a message this way and I had to set up the CRA as a bill with my bank online. They had instructions on their website how to set it up this way, but to be sure I was able to contact the bank customer service to make sure I was sending money to the right account.
I think I've heard about banks asking their tellers to be alert to people buying money orders to pay these scammers off before.

It really seems like it shouldn't be that hard for the RCMP to track at least some of these fuckers down. If they're being paid with money orders (or gift cards, since that was apparently the big thing a couple years ago), then they must be physically getting mailed or delivered somewhere - just track them down that way and arrest whoever's at the other end.
You do realise that robbing banks and selling drugs also targets vulnerable people too, right?
As others have noted, the CRA will not divulge confidential information to anyone who is not authorized to receive it for a particular individual.
not really. Banks are insured against robberies. And drug dealers dont force anyone to buy their products, I know I will get downvoted for this but hey, it's true.
He said "we have" been calling CRA, I was assuming that was that the grandfather has been directly involved confirming his identity.
What about the bank tellers that end up with PTSD from having a gun pointed in their face?  What about all the crimes that surround the drug industry and effect non-drug users, such as theft, gang-related violence, etc?
the bank teller is vulnerable, they are the ones usually being threatened with a gun, not the bank itself
&gt; What about all the crimes that surround the drug industry and effect non-drug users, such as theft, gang-related violence, etc?

what theft? gang related violence is just that, gang related violence. I have known several drug dealers in my life who were normal peaceful people. Don't believe in everything you see in tv shows.
&gt;Don't believe in everything you see in tv shows.

I don't, but I do live in Vancouver, a city where non-drug users such as myself are negatively effected by the illegal drug trade.
This is untrue and extreme opinion.  I understand a level of frustration with bureaucracy but could u please offer an alternative system of tax collection for a liberal democracy?
I worried about this with my daughter, also 19 with autism. Could be easily taken advantage of :/
Well the banks spend a lot of time on training for these scenarios and they do offer counselling afterwards. Its surprisingly rare for banks to be robbed like an old school western these days. It would be definitely be more truamatic to be a convenience store clerk.
It seems the rcmp doesn't really care. Look at the NGIX leak. They don't even want to investigate easy-to-track crimes.
Agreed.
That's bizarre.  I cannot help but think that you are not calling the right people.  Your father should (who I assume has POA) be able to call the CRA helpdesk and ask them if the account is in good standing.  If it is, the letters are a scam and can be ignored or reported to the RCMP.
An older truck driver was at a gas station I went to trying to return $1000 in gift cards he bought to send them. He was told it was a scam before he sent them thankfully but was still out the $1000 as they were non refundable
exactly.  Even if your father doesn't have Power of Attorney for your grandfather, your grandfather can give him the authorization to access his CRA account.  Just as you can do it for H&amp;R block.
Do you really think that I'm saying we need to abolish the CRA? Of course not that's just fucking stupid. But they could be massively overhauled. 

Most Canadians do their tax return on a software like TurboTax or SimpleTax and then send it to the CRA so that they can verify everything by entering into their system. Why does the CRA not just offer this type of software within their portal so that you can enter all your tax information and submit it directly to them for verification? They can then just select randomly accounts to audit or wherever there are flags in the system.

Software could probably half the staff of the CRA. And yes they could still support paper tax returns before anyone brings up "won't somebody think of the old people" argument.

Every level of government is like this though, provincially is there a need to go to a physical service desk to do half of the things that you need to do (I can Bank remotely but I can't get a fucking fishing license)? 

Just more asses and seats for the sake of it.

Edit: oh and by the way I'm not just talking about getting rid of tons of jobs and leaving people without, I'm a big proponent of the universal basic income. But we just don't need people to do these jobs, let's free up to their time so that they can actually do something else.
Selling drugs is definitely more profitable when vulnerable people are involved, though they aren't necessarily required.
Money orders are electronic wire transfers which can be cashed anywhere in the world (Think Western Union, Moneygram, etc.). With gift cards, all they need is code from the back of the card, the physical card is not needed.
The number to call the RCMP anti-fraud line is: 1-888-495-8501
Okay. Anytime I've ever bought a money order from a bank or the post office, I've given the physical slip to the person whose name is on it. I understood Western Union wire transfers to be a completely different thing (that I've never used).
Are you saying that you think every single tax return is independently verified for accuracy before it's processed?
No
&gt;Most Canadians do their tax return on a software like &gt;TurboTax or SimpleTax and then send it to the CRA so &gt;that they can verify everything by entering into their &gt;system. Why does the CRA not just offer this type of &gt;software within their portal so that you can enter all &gt;your tax information and submit it directly to them for &gt;verification? They can then just select randomly &gt;accounts to audit or wherever there are flags in the &gt;system.

This is still confusing then, because I'm fairly certain this is already how it's done with software like TurboTax and SimpleTax. So unless your belief is that a person takes a TurboTax return and manually enters it, I'm not sure what else you were suggesting. Not worth getting into a debate about though.
How do you think a significant portion of addicts (especially those hooked on methamphetamine and crack) are funding their illicit drug purchases? 

Certainly many chronic drug users don’t resort to crime, but many do.   Typically the go-to crimes are petty theft, residential B&amp;E’s, and auto theft. 

Like the other poster below, I too live in Vancouver, and it’s no coincidence that we have both a large amount of illicit drug users and some of the highest rates of auto theft in North America.

Additionally, a large percentage of “gang-related” crime is rooted in disputes for territory (ie. rights to sell drugs in a particular area).  A major portion of organized crime revenues stem from the production and distribution illegal drugs, and gangs will turn to violence in order to protect their monopoly or their piece of the market.
That’s not true at all, sorry.  

In the case of business tax issues (including small businesses and even unincorporated companies), typically the CRA will both send a paper letter in the mail and will phone.  The one thing they will not do is email you.

This does sometimes apply to personal income tax cases as well, but generally letter mail is the standard initially.  

Simple solution:  don’t ever give any personal info or believe anything you’re told during an incoming phone call.  Instead, let it go to voicemail or ask for a call-back number so you can verify the phone number they provide is a legit CRA number listed on their official website... or call the general CRA help line and explain that you received a call and need to confirm it’s legitimate.
Well... the whole point of the latest outrage is they know where these guys are exactly but Indian police won't act without initiative from Canada (rcmp).       
Same scam was in US pretending to be IRS and the US communicated w Indian police and they shut it down.

Summary:
gang related violence is just that, gang related violence.
I get being involved in crime, selling drugs, robbing banks etc.
I told him to call the RCMP scam hotline about this.
They will not initiate anything with a phone call.
They won’t send you a letter through email.
I cannot help but think that you are not calling the right people.
The cra can't tell you if he owes money or Not?
And they can't even tell us if it's a scam.
They won’t even tell you if they sent or received mail.
They sent me a message this way and I had to set up the CRA as a bill with my bank online.
CRA contacts me through e-mails all the time after I elected not to receive paper mails anymore.
Considering the CRA never calls you and pretty much only sends you letters, I would think you are correct.
However, the way they do it is that they send me an e-mail telling me that there is a message for me on their site.
If it is, the letters are a scam and can be ignored or reported to the RCMP.
