Original Response:
I am tempted to have sex with a family friend because I sense from texts he is interested in me in that way. I was hoping he wanted to talk to me relationship wise. I've known him for eleven years now. See him usually a few times a year.
I have sex anxiety. I'm worried of we bang it would ruin the dynamic of things. Why is he telling me to come visit his place in my miniskirts?
He knows and talks to my dad and my whole family. Doesn't he care that this could be awkward? I still want to get to know him more but the temptation is strong. He's very good looking. 
I wish I didn't think so much and could have sex with him without thinking of all the repercussions.
Why don't men think this way?
If he wanted you romantically, he would make that very clear and you wouldn't be on here asking what to do.
Damn that sucks. I thought we were talking romantically until the miniskirt comment honestly. It's weird that he feels this way. He's known me for 11 years.
This is a difficult temptation because he's an attractive man. I feel flattered he even took interest
I'm sorry. This whole situation just has red flags written all over it. I'd stay far away from him as far as that stuff goes.
Why do say that?
Just because someone is interested in having sex with you, it doesn't mean they are into you as a person. You deserve more than that.
Because of all the other things I've said
I was hoping for something more
Im saving myself from trouble
I would say so
If he can't give you that then hes not the one for you
Thanks for the advice.
You're welcome. I hope it helped.
I wish I were the type to do sex with a hot guy and not care. I'm not like that though. I would like him and he would have to peel me away from him. It seems rare to meet a guy with the right intentions.
That's a good quality to have though. You should be picky with that stuff. You don't want to get hurt if you can avoid it. Please believe me when I say that there are guys out there with the right intentions.

Summary:
I was hoping for something more.
I was hoping he wanted to talk to me relationship wise.
I'm not like that though.
He's known me for 11 years.
