Original Response:
So I've lived in Singapore most of my life but my family never became Permanent Residents. After graduating high school I went abroad for college, and I'd visit my family on short-term passes most summer/winter breaks.

So I spent a few weeks back in Singapore this summer before going to Hong Kong to visit a friend for a week. After that I came back here since school doesn't start until later this month. When I got to immigration the lady was immediately unfriendly, but I've encountered my fair share of unfriendly airport agents and everything usually turned out fine.

She asked me the same sorta questions I usually got, but any time I misunderstood a question or she couldn't hear me or something she'd raise her voice or give me a rude response. I hadn't even done anything but she seemed generally pissed for whatever reason. Since it was like 2am and I was tired, I tried to be polite so I could move on and get home as soon as possible.

I took out my phone to check the time, and when I turned it off it made a click sound (just like all iPhones do), and when the lady heard it her demeanor suddenly flipped. She accused me of taking a photo (even though I didn't) and demanded I delete it. I showed her the Photo app on my phone so she could see there wasn't a photo of her, then she just grabbed my phone and went through it herself. When she gave it back I even showed her how the click was just from the phone turning off, but she completely ignored me.

From there her behavior just got so much worse, and her questions more accusatory. She noticed I was just in Singapore last week and asked what I was doing back so soon. I told her it was because my family lives here. I even had a return ticket for when I go back to school. She told me I needed to go to the office to get a secondary inspection (aka I was being detained). She didn't move and I didn't know where to go so I asked if I should follow her, and she yelled back "How else are you supposed to get there if you don't follow me?"

Then when we were passing by all the other travelers waiting in line at immigration, she yelled out "If you go traveling, don't throw tantrums" for everyone to hear. I don't get why she had to humiliate me like that. By "tantrums" I assume she was referring to the imaginary photo I took of her so that I could later shame her on social media or whatever.

Anyway, she took me to another counter. I was getting pretty nervous so I started tapping my fingers against the counter, and the male agent gave me a hard look and in a harsh tone he told me to stop. At this point I was worried all the agents would treat me like some sort of suspicious criminal, but thankfully the actual agents that did my secondary inspection were much more polite. They asked me some questions, then asked for my mom's EP details and phone number so that they can contact her to confirm the answers I gave them (our address, my status as a student, even the fact that she was my mom, etc). They took me to a waiting room while they called my mom, and eventually they came back in and told me I was free to go with a 30-day pass. I asked them if I was in any trouble. They told me I wasn't and that this was just normal immigration protocol, even though nothing about it felt remotely normal.

After the whole experience I just felt really dehumanized. I used to think of Singapore as my home but now it feels like I'm not even allowed here. I'm Filipino, which I know is kind of a red flag but I figured since I used to live here and even have family living here that I wouldn't have any issues.

I still plan on visiting my family in the future (likely twice a year), but I'm worried about this whole situation affecting my travel plans. Will I be flagged as a suspicious person whenever I come back? I'm wondering if the immigration agent could've even flagged me as "difficult" or "insubordinate" or something. I'm just scared about having a bad mark on my record and going through this whole thing all over again.
did you get a name? definitely would complain her. do it the singaporean way
I second that. Tho it would probably require some social media traction before anything happens. Sadly that seems to be the state of affairs these days.
Yes complain please
I'm not sure if I'd want to do the social media route, but after it happened I considered filing a complaint on the Changi Airport website.
Good for you for not going the social media route. Too much of that these days. Comment to their feedback site and move forward.
No. You SHOULD go the social media route as well as file an official complaint. The only reason people do that is because nothing gets solved through traditional methods.
You don't have to be considerate towards asshole. She did it because nobody held her accountable for her lack of professionalism thus far.
Do both of it. No downside for you other than a little bit of time spent
Was it a customs officer wearing a uniform? If so, then you should contact ICA Quality Service Management (not customer service) rather than Changi Airport
Dude, do other visitors to Singapore a favour by reporting that unreasonable airport inspector or whatever you call it. You don't need to make it a big deal on social media but you must stop people like her from doing this to other people. You technically are already doing the social media route by posting this on reddit so just go all out and expose the rude bitch maybe?
Dont be retarded, they are just doing their job.


Using mobile phones at security clearance area is a no-no.
You may not need a name either. Just give the date and time of your arrival along with your passport number. I'm sure she can be tracked down. By complaining you are doing we Singaporeans a favour as well - nobody wants Singapore's reputation to be tarnished by this kind of person.
Complain? What? Have you guys travelled at all? I get shitty attitude in Hong Kong, Seoul, Australia, US, UK, Saudi Arabia, China, Amsterdam. The only nice ones seem to be in Germany!

I get the feeling that immigration/customs are trained to make you feel uncomfortable to weed out suspects - I've been paraded thru immigration queues in all these countries - I do usually dress like a bum, which makes me an easy target - it's usually all for show.

Just keep your cool, smile - act demure, not defiant and it'll just be a minor inconvenience.

I take it like I'm on some sort of punk'd show and remember all the bits to make a funny conversation at some dinner in the future!
&gt; I get shitty attitude in ... Australia

Australia is notoriously rude when it comes to immigration/quarantine. I remember at the departure passport control side, the Singaporean in front of me was questioned about his travel movements in a very rude, condescending manner, which would have made anyone nervous. When returning back as a citizen, I was accused of smuggling (and confiscated) bah kwa even when it is allowed to be imported in quantities of &lt; 1kg, and from Singapore, in commercial packaging.
Yeh - there's always the racism factor
I think you can legally ask for a receipt that they have confiscated something from you.
If it is one thing I have found out about Australian quarantine is that they will just use any excuse to justify the confiscation. As the law does give a certain level of leeway at the officer discretion.
Feels like we are hearing only 1 side of the story tbh
Should experience Russian/American immigration.

They really put u in your spot. Especially when u look... exotic.
Yeah I know it might seem that way but I honestly never raised my voice or tried to provoke her. I always try to be polite when I'm at the airport, and I've been flying for several years and never had a single issue until now. I guess I probably shouldn't have taken out my phone while waiting, but I never would've dreamed such a misunderstanding would happened.

Oh and when she yelled at me in front all the other travelers, I admit my response was a little defensive: "I didn't throw a tantrum, I don't even know what you're talking about. I swear I didn't take a photo of you." But that was after all the other stuff she said.
Nah tsa and cbp don't really give a shit at airports. At least at jfk
&gt;Oh and when she yelled at me in front all the other travelers, I admit my response was a little defensive: "I didn't throw a tantrum, I don't even know what you're talking about. I swear I didn't take a photo of you." 

I would have done the same. But using the phone at the immigration counter is asking for trouble; this applies to most countries. Next time, remember to never fiddle with your phone even if it's just for checking the time.
I agree. Changi airport have very high standards and demands good behaviour from their service related workers there. 


If it's true, the airport have camera all around, especially at the passport area. A simple location, time, date and an email would get that lady who is rude in trouble anyway.
&gt; I honestly never raised my voice or tried to provoke her.

Taking out your phone in the middle of the conversation to check it would provoke many people, whether at immigration, on a date, or in the principal's office. But you have perhaps come this far in life wthout realizing it.
once you show a red passport everything is ok. source: non chinese singaporean.

&amp;#x200B;

generally the customs officer is like..ok this brown motherfucker..time to grill him..oh wait..wtf..red passport. ok lai lai
It wasn't in the middle of the conversation, it was while she was typing into the computer. I thought it'd be harmless to check my phone for a hot sec but I guess I was wrong.
omg i tell you... i was in malaysia and the lady was holding my passport in her hands, and she asked me rudely "are you from china?" in english. i freaking looked at my sg passport which was IN HER HAND and replied in english, pointing at my damn passport ... "no?? i'm singaporean??" 

ok no link but it's just the dumbest airport-related thing and i wanted to complain
I've never heard of such a thing. Why would that get you into trouble?
Getting into trouble can be as simple as wasting 3 hours waiting in a room while they make sure you are who you are and allow you to pass immigration.
 
If you want to get to your destination or home asap, put your phone in your pocket and tahan that few moments of looking at the immigration officer.
[deleted]
I believe one of the reasons is to prevent you from communicating with another person (e.g. on the landside) who may give you instructions/tips/answers to avoid suspicion.

The US tends to be especially strict about the no phone rule.
[deleted]
Extended visa questioning too. Hear the non-Singaporean in front bring grilled for 5 minutes, get there, "where will you be staying?" and that's it.

Summary:
I asked them if I was in any trouble.
I would have done the same.
I don't get why she had to humiliate me like that.
I told her it was because my family lives here.
I used to think of Singapore as my home but now it feels like I'm not even allowed here.
Good for you for not going the social media route.
did you get a name?
Why would that get you into trouble?
I swear I didn't take a photo of you."
When she gave it back I even showed her how the click was just from the phone turning off, but she completely ignored me.
&gt; I honestly never raised my voice or tried to provoke her.
But using the phone at the immigration counter is asking for trouble; this applies to most countries.
