Original Response:
Listen I know it's preseason and I still think the Habs will be crap, but if Kotkaniemi makes this team.............

Drouin - Kotkaniemi - Lehkonen

Tatar - Danault - Gallagher

Domi - Peca - Armia

Byron - Plekanec - Hudon


Mete - Weber 

Rielly - Petry 

Alzner - Juulsen


Price 


Like if they are somehow still in a playoff race when Weber returns.... For real though they will probably be shit, and I think it's likely that Kotka goes back to Finland. But this is interesting.
I love Lehks as much as, if not more than, the next Habs fan, but would you really put him over Gally? I admit I would love to see him and Kotka on a line but Gallagher is the best guy on the team right now.
Honestly if kotkaniemi can stick and pot 50 points, and a few other key players bounce back, i dont think its entirely out of the question that montreal might be able to sneak into a wildcard spot.  Its alot of ifs but i feel like the potential is there
I believe in lineup depth. Gally will score with anybody. I think him, Tatar and Danault will make a decent 2nd line.
Good point. May the Finnish Inquisition live on.
True. Tbh I'd rather just suck this year. I spent 4 months preparing for it. If we are shit this year, we will have Kotkaniemi, Suzuki, Poehling as centers all probably making the jump into the NHL. All 3 are predicted as top 6 C's, But if we could suck for another year and grab a d man that would be great.
Fully agreed.  They could definitely be a sleeper should Kotkaniemi stay up.
Lmao, you have to literally prepare for this shit otherwise there's going to be so much disappointment if shit goes south.
If price can be 2015 price they have a chance.
Yep its fucking awful when its unexpected. Avs 48 point season had so much promise with 6-0 preseason and just missing the playoffs the year before. Opening night Colbourne had a hattrick and we were so hyped.
Yeah I feel you. Not to your level fortunately, but last season was kinda like that for us. We were expecting an improvement after a first round bounce to NYR, but we got quite the opposite. 

Not as bad as you guys though. That must have been brutal
Gallagher never played first line minutes, even when we had very little going for us like last season and he was over performing. I'm not exactly sure why, but for some reason it's not the case. Could be his style is too tiring to play top line minutes? Physical play is usually more exhausting then skating. And he does both a lot.

Plus you need a triggerman on that first line. Drouin and KK can shoot, but it's not their first instinct. Lekhonen fits that bill better then Gally, and he is an inversed winger in perfect position to shoot with a couple of guys feeding him.
Pleky would love to have those wingers - all three are solid defensively and Byron+Hudon provide an effective and fast offensive counter-punch. I'd expect it to take the toughest assignments and do rather well.

Summary:
I think him, Tatar and Danault will make a decent 2nd line.
Gallagher never played first line minutes, even when we had very little going for us like last season and he was over performing.
Could be his style is too tiring to play top line minutes?
