Original Response:
How late am I going to be saying up on Saturday to watch this live, PST?
Online it says it starts at 2 am est so it starts saturday night at 11 pm on the west coast, I think.
And how long do the events typically run?
No idea. Probably similar to a UFC evem so 3-4 hours? I've never watched a RIZIN event.
they usually last about 6 hours...main event last time was around 730am et
this is one you should watch...rizin in many ways is one of the best orgs out there it's just ppl don't know yet..similar to early pride
I am actuaply going to try and watch it tomorrow night! People love the gooch so I'm excited to see him in action!
the entire card is gonna be great..they always have good fights early and late...not one rizin has disappointed so far...presemtation is better than any other org and matchmaking and mixed ruleset and kickboxing added in makes it a full event not just some fights..if you need some fite tv credits let me know I can get you 15 and you can get rest by uploading a video and liking them on Twitter ..pm me you also don't have to watch live fite tv app has it up few hours after it ends..it will be about a 6 hour event btw..horiguchi..crocop...asakura brothers ...cruickshank vs brandao..i can guarantee this will be an excellent card and like nothing you have seen since pride
I've watched since rizin 1...from the openweight gp to the soccer kicks to presentation I can't say enough good things about this organization and I'm just a fan no affiliation I promote because I want this to be seen by true fight fans
Considering I missed the pride era then this should be fun to watch! I might have to put it off until sunday morning but it sounds awesome!
Yikes! I don’t know if I’ll make it that long, but we’ll see.
I promise it'll be awesome....im aware of nearly all the fighters and have seen most multiple times this is card of year in any org for me so far! no matter when you watch just make sure you do...watch intros and such too part of show
fite tv will have replay up few hours after event usually..make it a Sunday event cause all these fights should be really good..card of year any org imo

Summary:
I've never watched a RIZIN event.
