Original Response:
[deleted]
If compare the secondary school Chinese textbooks of Malaysia and Singapore side by side you'll realise that Singapore Chinese syllabus is really for babies
That's because Malaysian Chinese secondary schools are Chinese-medium schools. Something which Singapore used to have until the closure of Nantah in the 1980s. A better comparison would be to compare it with the Higher Mother Tongue Syllabus, especially those in SAP Schools, rather than the normal Chinese that most students take.
No, even the Malaysian national syllabus (used by government schools, not necessarily Chinese medium, for students who elect to take it) is way harder than sg one. A lot of classical Chinese, and more complex essay comprehension. The SAP school syllabus for HMT is really nothing lol.
So, were you a HMT student yourself? Or a student from an SAP school? I know the standard in schools like Tao Nan is very high even for SAP standards. And sure, you raised a fair point. But even so, this does not negate that fact that most Malaysian Chinese do study at Chinese Medium Schools. Coming from an educational background like that, it's a given that they are exposed to a much higher standard. And remember, Malaysia has the strong presence of Chinese Educationalist Groups, notably Dong Zong  (who are an extremely Chinese-oriented lot) who set the standards.  Singapore does not.
Actually I was a dual Malaysian-Singaporean citizen and moved to Singapore from Malaysia mid secondary school education and had experience with both systems. Went to SRJK (C) -&gt; SMK -&gt; Singapore system (non-SAP), then Os and As.

And most Chinese Malaysians do not go to private Chinese schools (seats are limited and you need to compete to get into most of those) but national schools. In Malaysia, many Chinese people mostly go to Chinese primary schools (SRJK (C), which are national schools, btw) but go to Malay medium secondary schools (SMK) due to it being cheaper and easier to get into. But even so, those who go to the Malay national secondary schools could take Chinese if it highly in demand in that school/area. There is also a more competitive type of Chinese secondary school which is comparable to SAP schools (SMJK) which are ALSO national schools, teaches humanities in Malay and sciences in English, but has more dedicated Chinese classes with longer hours. Lastly, there is the type of fully Chinese medium school that you are talking about, Chinese independent high school (persendirian) that teaches everything in Chinese and has a separate set of exams not recognised by the Malaysian gov.

It's ok I don't want to waste time talking to you. I didn't go to a HMT school but have seen the papers. Also seen the SPM Chinese papers obviously.
I have done my fair share of research and it is stated that at least 90 percent of Malaysian Chinese do go to Chinese schools.  But I shan't engage in a tit for tat debate with your either.  I'll just say my piece and that's it.
Actually this could mean a lot of things. Primary Chinese schools are in quite huge numbers and easily accessible. I would believe it if you said 90% of chinese Malaysians have primary Chinese education.

Secondary private Chinese education 90% figure however, I highly doubt it. There are not enough schools in the first place, and they are also fee private schools so has school fees, which discourages some Chinese people from attending them.

Secondary public chinese education is even rarer and competitive, because it is the national system and does not require students to pay fees.

So many do end up in Malay medium national secondary schools, but elect to take Chinese as an extra subject if the subject has huge demand in that school. And this Chinese SPM paper (national system, O levels equivalent) definitely is very much harder than HMT. I've seen the papers asking for translations from random classical Chinese texts to modern Chinese etc.
Well then, perhaps they were not clear or specific in their phrasing, and they simply used the term' Chinese schools' as a catch-all term without delving to the specifics.   Hence the misunderstanding.  But being enrolled in a Chinese Primary School does give Malaysian children a better foundation or at the very least, exposure to Chinese vis-à-vis their Singaporean counterparts, especially when starting at a very young age.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysian_Chinese#Education_system_and_languages_literacy

 actually, this wiki article says 90-95% of Chinese Malaysians attend chinese primary schools (very similar numbers as you have mentioned, whereas at the secondary school level, this figure drops to 5%.

Chinese literacy levels stayed for Chinese Malaysians who take Chinese in secondary school because (imo), Malaysia's education system allowed a breakaway Chinese schooling system till post secondary, whereas in Singapore, this has been abolished by the government.

And then there's the wider group of Chinese Malaysians who speaks rojak Chinese with heavier dialect influences like the past generations.
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysian_Chinese#Education_system_and_languages_literacy
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot. ^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate. ^Counter: ^212632
Yes, I'm not disputing the that this dual education system helps to maintain the level of Chinese language. I'm just saying that being immersed in a heavily Chinese environment from a young age i.e. Primary School also gives them a good start too.

And that's pretty much what I mentioned too. Singapore used to have a large presence of Chinese schools as well as a Chinese University before they were phased out in the 1980s.
Why are you positing that you know the Malaysian education system better than someone who has personally gone through it him/herself...? What is the point of this argument even
I never claimed to know more than they do. And I am not saying that they are wrong per se.  I am just presenting my side of the story, in response to what they said.  All the same, there are plenty of Non-Singaporeans who also have plenty to critique about Singapore. It doesn't mean that their criticism is totally invalid even though they too have never been through the Singapore system. And likewise, people from Singapore (especially our politicians) have plenty to say about other countries even though they have not personally lived there either. Please stay out of this. Thanks.

Summary:
That's because Malaysian Chinese secondary schools are Chinese-medium schools.
But even so, those who go to the Malay national secondary schools could take Chinese if it highly in demand in that school/area.
I didn't go to a HMT school but have seen the papers.
Or a student from an SAP school?
Secondary private Chinese education 90% figure however, I highly doubt it.
Also seen the SPM Chinese papers obviously.
