Original Response:
[deleted]
jeeeesus. it's for the best. riding my bike to work made me hate riding. traffic on long island is just ruthless.
I could never ride in New York. That's a death trap.
I just sold my bike a couple months back. I was never riding it other than going to the beach, which didn't justify the money I would start having to put into it. A shame, but I am just grateful I never had an accident.

Would not recommend.
Teaches you to keep your head on a swivel, for sure.
Only accidents I've had in 3 years of riding in NYC were from bumping someones rear end after someone in a land Rover blitzed down the bicycle lane doing 40 (had to get over a few feet FAST), and dumping the bike once at slow speed when an older pedestrian walked right out in front of me. No injuries, luckily.
Dude I swear there's some guy I went to school with we used to call Matty fresh on long island. You a Suffolk guy?
I know Matty Ice from Suffolk, plays hockey and paints cars...
My bike is purely a pleasure/slow road machine. I would never contend with rush hour traffic.
Sounds familiar. No one specific is coming to mind though.
I hate it here and I was born here
[removed]
Learned to ride in Mexico City. Yup, big city mad traffic does wonders on your reaction times for pretty much all scenarios.

I can now mentally calculate the exact distance required for a full stop at most speeds.
For you specifically yes if you keep going around with anger issues breaking mirrors off cars someone most likley with run you over for doing that. I mean do you honestly think?
ez solution... in a week just start taking about the new motorcycle you're about to buy. say you are getting it for cheap from a guy that decided after almost getting killed he wants to quit riding.
Haha that's good. I just might do that.
No one at work will ever be like, "That's your new bike? I feel like you've had it forever."

And he will never think, "Hey, you have the same commute schedule of the guy that punched the mirror off my Lexus and take the same road?"

I feel like, like this has a massively huge chance of blowing up completely.

Edit; Also, I'm sure there aren't any pictures, anywhere, circulating of you and your bike such as on social media?
&gt; I feel like, like this has a massively huge chance of blowing up completely.

I think posting it on to the internet was a worse idea, if anyone who knows the boss reads this, OP is fucked. And I'm pretty sure the guy with a black Lexus will be whinging about it so everyone who knows him will recognise this story.
“Uh.. no.  I commute by a totally different route - I never use that highway!”  
  
“But I never mentioned which road it happened on.”  
  
“......  shit!”
You are the reality check hero this thread didn't know it needed.
[removed]
Seriously. And everyone saying to paint the helmet, say it's brand new, or change something drastically is begging for more attention. 

Plus any coworker who wouldn't have mentioned it otherwise will speak up about the neon colored helmet or the fact that... it isn't a new purchase.
Shhhh...we're setting his life up to be like a hair-brained sitcom. I'm sure it'll work out like they all do.
I eventually settled on envisioning it in my head as a post-modern rom-com called "Road Rage" where they and the victim connect over the incident and get married.

I feel like it would be a more positive income if people fell in love instead of suing each other SO THAT'S WHAT I'M GOING WITH
I mean, anyone for sure will do that, the guy was clearly distracted and out of anywhere his visors gets punched off. Thats a perfect story to tell to anyone.
The moral of the TIFU isn’t that you can’t ride your bike to work, it’s that you’re a fucking asshole who road rages.

Regardless of what he did or didn’t pay attention to biker punching off mirrors is some dumbass shit and you need to check your ego and anger bro. Downvote all you want that’s some childish shit.
[removed]
I'm a very cautious driver, 5 below in neighborhoods and school zones, right lane speed limit on the interstate, etc etc.

I've been in two accidents because of someone texting and driving. If I could have, I would have happily torn off their mirror to being their attention back to the fucking road before they kill someone. You say childish shit, but guaranteed they're now paying attention to driving instead of their phone. 


"Remember kids, don't drink and drive because there's people out there who text and drive and they'll hit you and it'll be your fault".
It was one instance and his life was put in danger by some careless asshole

I can imagine if he goes around smashing mirrors for "close calls" where the car was hundreds of feet away or constantly antagonizes drivers, but sometimes I feel a mirror smash can be justified. 

There are times where I watch videos and 99% of the time it wasn't justified. The biker can leave. But sometimes when the rider is faced with deadly circumstances and the car still did not recognize he was endangering another rider, a mirror smash is worth it.
[removed]
&gt; The moral of the TIFU isn’t that you can’t ride your bike to work, it’s that you’re a fucking asshole who road rages.

This.

You're 100% right. People are idiots but that doesn't justify deliberate destruction.
All the moral high rollers in here, lol y'all act like saints.
Guaranteed? If he didn't even notice cutting the biker off all he knows is that some asshole biker punched his mirror off for no reason. It's more likely he's just as distracted a driver as before but now he has a newfound hatred of bikers.
So , in a hypothetical situation where a driver that is texting kills your child who is on a bicycle, you would suggest not getting angry?

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
Fuck him for being upset about nearly being killed in an auto accident, right? The asshole was the clown on the phone during heavy traffic. The prick deserved damage to his property because he could have killed someone.
Or just responsible drivers in control of our tempers?
There was no accident though, so he wasn't "nearly killed" .

There was a near miss that OP saw in happening long enough before hand to safely react to.

Is the Lexus driver an asshat? Yes.

Is OP an asshat?  Also Yes.

Driving is all about acting and reacting to events around you.
What does that have to do with anything? Yeah, ok, in a different situation, we would react differently. Good point.
&gt; The prick deserved damage to his property because he could have killed someone.

No, he doesn't. We live in a society. You don't get to decide who deserves what and dole out vigilante justice just because your feelings are hurt.
I’m not disagreeing with any point you’re making but as someone who rides, when drivers almost kill you and then brush it off like “nothing happened” it really infuriates me. Almost dying is really and truly terrifying. Actually definitely more terrifying than actually dying cause ya know...
You got mad at somebody for not seeing you, so you remove their ability to see you? Smart.
Welcome to the logic of the average moron.
"An mirror for your eye makes the whole road blind." -  Motordas Caramchand Vandhi
Oh, here I thought that lookin over your shoulder was the best way to see others on the road
He wasn't using it anyway
It's not like he was using it anyways.
Lmao he wasnt using it so his mirror privileges were revoked 😂😂
this guy is not using his brain. should we remove it?
Well OP and you don’t seem to be using your brain... vandalism is an actual punishable offense, whereas nearly sideswiping someone isn’t.
He could have easily used it saw it was clear only to have a small motorcycle speeding down to road fly up right as he started to merge.  Happens all the time.  Ten bucks he was traveling faster than 70 unless this road was a 30 mph road.
Remove what?
People do have the option to accept the consequences and still be happy with their choices.
It's not like you're going to see a guy on one side with the opposite side mirror anyway
I know, I'm just joking.
Texting and driving is breaking the law you jackass
I'm skeptical about knocking off a mirror so easily.
Amazing how that’s not his call to make.....🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
For texting and driving and nearly killing op out of recklessness. Not defending the mirror punch (terrible move) but don’t try and downplay how shitty what his boss did was.
Good luck proving that without evidence
TIL accepting the consequences of your actions means running and hiding like a little bitch
Found the guy that texts and drives. But let's all blame the guy that almost got killed! Fucking psychos.
I’m blaming him for vigilante vandalism, not almost getting killed, but I guess subtleties like that are lost on road ragers \*smooch\*
Lol. I just meant that you are allowed to know you're committing vandalism and be ok with it. Even if it's for petty revenge. 

Edit: first you were just bitching about the vandalism. Now you're pissed OP is a chicken. I dunno, man.
Skeptical as in you don't think you should do it for such minor provocation or skeptical as in you don't think it's that easy to knock off?

Cuz it totally is, there's about a thousand videos on YouTube of it happening all the time.

Summary:
It's not like he was using it anyways.
I know, I'm just joking.
I could never ride in New York.
I'm sure it'll work out like they all do.
this guy is not using his brain.
There was no accident though, so he wasn't "nearly killed" .
No one at work will ever be like, "That's your new bike?
I just might do that.
Found the guy that texts and drives.
I feel like you've had it forever."
The moral of the TIFU isn’t that you can’t ride your bike to work, it’s that you’re a fucking asshole who road rages.
He wasn't using it anyway.
For texting and driving and nearly killing op out of recklessness.
