Original Response:
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.

Now being posted at 10pm eastern!

https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74
Dang it....second :(.

Hi y'all!
Sorry, what’s going on with you? How was your day

Also my comment doesn’t really count, so you’re first imo
How's it going tonight?
Nothing much. My kids fell out at a decent hour so I'm kinda bored :p. Thinking about playing a game but don't want to be up until 2 am haha.

And nah, rules of LNC are simple, first comment is first ;). I use to try and get last because no one was fighting for it. There's been a lot of turn around since the though.
Kids fell out in half an hour, color me shocked!

How's munchkin and school?
Hell yeah, if you do play a game I reccomend Minecraft because Minecraft is great no matter what people say
I'm on a second play through of Fallout 4 (still haven't figured out who I'm gonna side with)! And a 2000th of Borderlands 2 as a mechromancer (the 360 is in the bedroom with the sleeping husband though so that's out).
Congrats on second!!
Little dude is doing well, enjoying school as much as he can. Seems he's plenty comfortable paling around with kids his own age, which is great.
I tried! I forgot it didn't go up right at top of the hour, off my game ;).
I feel ya, but hey! Second is the best right
That is an awesome thing! We took the girls to a ton of play dates to a splash pad with kids from their school over the summer.

Hopefully he continues to enjoy it! Is he All day or half?
Whatever place is good as long as there are good people around.
Exactly!!
Half day, I don't know of any full day programs for 3 year olds locally. He's doing well though, and that's really good enough at the moment.

Socialization is a bigger deal right now for me than anything else. He's a bright kid, but neither his mother nor myself are terribly social creatures, so having him out and interacting with people that aren't our few adult friends is huge.
Head start here is full day (thing 2 almost went but there were no openings at the one by our house). The schools district's pre-k is only half though.

That's the same reason we got ours in at 4. I 'm awkward as hell around people I don't know so mommy groups were a huge no-go.
I don't know that I'm exactly socially awkward, as I just get really fed up with people and bow out of being involved in social situations sometimes.

Good to know about Head-Start. I think the 4 year old classes where we have him enrolled have a full day option, but the 3 year old stuff is all 1/2 day.
Around my friends I met 6th grade on, I feel like I can be myself because over the next 7 years we grew together and loved each other's weird. We have the same taste in shows, music, humor, movies...even though we haven't been in the same place together for 10 years we can all chat on messenger and it's like we never left that coffee shop patio.

Around people I don't know? I have specific fandoms and I'm a tad passionate. I don't drink. I don't follow mainstream music (even if my favorite singer has had a few radio hits as of late, it always shocks me to hear his voice and it not be my playlist). I play games as much as most guys (and gotten cursed out for it). And read way too much.

I know there are people exactly like that here but I just don't know where to find them and don't have the time to try half the time. So I just don't. So yeah...I'm totally socially awkward haha.

Check reviews, she got into a different head start based on the app we filed at the one but it was getting not great reviews from parents about how they handled situations so we declined the placement.
Ecr: where everyone is number one.
I can see that. I've never been great at holding specific friend groups. It seems that we all grow in different directions over time, and there's nothing wrong with that. Some folks from high school and the like I can still pal around with, and a few people I've met throughout my life that I can pick up with as though it's been a weekend rather than half a decade since we last spoke.

I know what you mean re:fandoms being a sci-fi and occasional literature geek and having almost 0 interest in mainstream music I'm not always ready to just jump into stuff like that, but I'm lucky enough to have found work in an industry that attracts a lot of people with a similar bit of weird to myself.

We have our little dude in a place where we have been taking him for their play area since last year, the staff is great. I'm none too worried there.
Aw, it's a meme 💜💜💜.
I love borderlands
That’s awesome! He’s gonna grow up to be a great guy if he’s anything like you are
We'll have to wait and see. Hopefully he's a hair better than I am.
Yeah kids are basically a waiting game, but enjoy him for every second. And if you raise him right then I have no doubt in my mind that he’s gonna be a good kid
Here's to hoping I don't screw that up too bad!
I don’t think you will
I'm okay with it just being me and hubs. It's nice to get out every once in awhile but I'm glad to have people like y'all cause it's nice to discuss adult things even if not in person.

I meant more for head starts if you chose o change ;).
I have two copies of all 3 &gt;.&gt;...just incase....
Hell yeah
Impatiently waiting for 3. Either we get another One or hubs is abandoning hope of using his tv until I get at least one play through.
Oof, that’s me

Summary:
Around people I don't know?
I know there are people exactly like that here but I just don't know where to find them and don't have the time to try half the time.
I don’t think you will.
I use to try and get last because no one was fighting for it.
I play games as much as most guys (and gotten cursed out for it).
Hopefully he's a hair better than I am.
Yeah kids are basically a waiting game, but enjoy him for every second.
He's doing well though, and that's really good enough at the moment.
