Original Response:
&gt; This comic is over 80 years old

Exemplifying how Joe and Jane Average are cattle being led to the slaughterhouse.

80 years to affect change and it has only gotten worse.

While you look at Demi or Kim's big fat injected asses and pound your puds TPTB spend every minute of every day finding ways to take more from you.

Everything is declining in quality due to the cancerous greed that has infected corporate America and yet we sit here taking it right up the ass and waiting for the next piece of meaningless junk to hit the shelves so we can race to spend our slave wages in the master's store.

TBH, we get what we deserve.
So you believe you shouldn't have to do anything to be successful?
No, what he's saying is we're being fucked in the ass, and if you haven't figured that out by now then you deserve it.
I'm doing fine....
Yeah, we were slipped something, while distracted, and raped while passed out. Totally on us... 

Edit: wording to drive the point home.
“It’s sunny where I am therefore rain is a fabricated lie that does not exist”
Except that the “quality” of life has objectively risen for every single demographic on the planet in those last 80 years, so..... take your meds.
80 years ago was the Great Depression.

Yup, nothing has gotten better.  Not in the US, and for no other country in the world either.
Gaslighting.
Truth-saying
Misdirection is meaningless.

What the cartoon is referencing has not gotten better.

Public schools are in a crisis where education standards are declining rapidly, America is on the bottom end of the first world when it comes to public education.

The sciences have become a morass of career driven nonsense.

Healthcare is so ridiculously expensive as to be prohibitive for a large percentage of the nations population.
Misdirection is meaningless.

What the cartoon is referencing has not gotten better.

Public schools are in a crisis where education standards are declining rapidly, America is on the bottom end of the first world when it comes to public education.

The sciences have become a morass of career driven nonsense.

Healthcare is so ridiculously expensive as to be prohibitive for a large percentage of the nations population.
"It rains all the fucking time, every day, all day because myself and low IQ morons can't survive in reality"
You’re baselines are off homie. Education may be declining in narrow scopes, but in aggregate America has never been more educated or had as much access to education thanks to open learning programs on this miraculous thing called the “internet”.

The fact that most choose watching Suits or hitting the easy button with an army career, instead of taking advantage of those open programs to better themselves, is not the responsibility of “the Man ™️”

The term your looking for is “redirection”. As in:

“Hey, Dogeholio, allow me to redirect you to some meaningful facts instead of the panicked factoids you’re regurgitating.”
&gt;TBH, we get what we deserve.

It’s not hard to think objectively about the world we live in but most people choose not to. Those people deserve no freedom.
&gt;never been more educated

The US public school system, a creation of robber barons, has never been a high benchmark.
I’m stating an objective fact that requires zero qualification.

You’re relying on a subjective comparison to your preselected villains.

Keep studying.
The US education system [is shit](https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2013/12/american-schools-vs-the-world-expensive-unequal-bad-at-math/281983/), and what I said is a fact of history. Study that. Maybe pay attention to the correlation between poverty and education while you're at it.
[deleted]
[removed]
But the US is more educated than ever before, robber barons or otherwise. That’s just a fact.
Are you saying there was a time in the past where the US was more educated than today? Because that’s what we’re talking about bud. 

Also lmao at you saying it’s shit, but the article merely calling it mediocre.
Less people are dying in wars than ever before, even with the boom in global population. People are more educated than ever before, living longer than ever before, science has made immeasurable progress in recent decades. Stop peddling bullshit.
No, the public school system has always been bad. In the words of John D. Rockefeller who helped shape it, it creates a nation of workers, not a nation of thinkers. In general it is poison for the genuinely intelligent, and things like standardized tests cripple its effectiveness.

"Mediocre" despite being more expensive and forever marred by racial and class divides and sheer contempt for those in poverty, whose lack of education is great to make fun of but never acknowledge as a problem.
Cute.
Doesn’t change the fact that Americans are more educated than ever.
Which, once again, is saying very, very little since the benchmark has never been high in the US.
You speak as if the US has developing world level education which is absolutely false. We are among the most educated nations in history and in the present. Your doom and gloom prognosis of American education is fucking ridiculous.
In many areas, that is the case. Was only a few years ago that over 50 schools were shutdown in Chicago alone. Detroit schools recently had to be evacuated because of lead in the water and the majority of public school students are in poverty, and rarely if ever catch up to the more privileged.

You can keep repeating the same line but it won't alter reality. US schools have more police than counsellors. 10% of NYC students were homeless. All the while the likes of DeVos and the Koch brothers are trying to choke funding to public education.
Cherry picking marginal cases doesn’t affect my point at all. The fact that we don’t have Swedish level education doesn’t mean we’re down with Uganda or Laos lmao. And you’re also forgetting our world class higher education. Our universities are among the best on Earth. But sure, keep peddling your narrative.
I never said it was "down with Uganda or Laos", did I? The fact that you don't have Swedish level education is a damning indictment considering US education spending absolutely dwarfs Sweden yet teachers are having to strike and pay out-of-pocket for classroom necessities.

Your higher education which is currently a financial bubble that threatens to spark the next inevitable crash? How exactly are the poor getting that brilliant higher education when they can't afford it? "World-class" for the rich, which is why the US is only #65 in college population. According to a report from The Chronicle of Higher Education 2017 The Future of College Enrollment, US colleges are expected to see a steady decline in enrollments, threatening their very existence.
The US spends marginally more per student than Sweden in ($11,319 vs $10,832 per 2014 OECD data). Money spent doesn’t always tell the full story. The United States also has rather high variance in education spending due to its decentralized structure and connection to property, which is a major flaw in the system. 

American education was among the best in the world in the mid 20th century, and while it has declined in relative terms much more than in absolute terms, it is still pretty damn good. 

The United States and Sweden have almost identical portions of 23-34 year olds with tertiary education and the US has a massive lead over Sweden in the 55-64 age bracket for tertiary ed. Yes the US spends more per student on tertiary education than Sweden ($29,328 vs $24,509) but it’s important to remember that the quality of US higher ed is unbelievably high. Sweden is third in the world in per student spending on higher ed, the US is second. Luxembourg is highest, spending $45,801 per student. 

As far as salaries go, starting US salaries for primary ed is $42,563 compared to Sweden’s $36,642. At fifteen years of experience, US primary ed teachers are earning $60,705 on average. Swedish teachers are only earning $40,878 after the same amount of experience. In starting salaries, the US is fifth in the world and Sweden is eleventh. With 15 years experience, the US is fourth globally compared to Sweden at 14th. 

So US spending on education isn’t much higher, and teachers are also paid better on average. Local education disputes aren’t the same as national ones. 

And lol about debt bubble. You do realize that they are still getting the education despite the debt? The quality of the education isn’t really tied to debt. The debt comes from the increasing ease of getting loans from the federal government and private institutions.

Also, you still haven’t demonstrated how god awful American education quality is.

Summary:
Doesn’t change the fact that Americans are more educated than ever.
The US education system [is shit](https://www.theatlantic.com/education/archive/2013/12/american-schools-vs-the-world-expensive-unequal-bad-at-math/281983/), and what I said is a fact of history.
Sweden is third in the world in per student spending on higher ed, the US is second.
So US spending on education isn’t much higher, and teachers are also paid better on average.
And you’re also forgetting our world class higher education.
&gt;never been more educated

The US public school system, a creation of robber barons, has never been a high benchmark.
But the US is more educated than ever before, robber barons or otherwise.
You do realize that they are still getting the education despite the debt?
The quality of the education isn’t really tied to debt.
You speak as if the US has developing world level education which is absolutely false.
