Original Response:
Wow! I absolutely loved this show as a kid. The concept was cool and the animation was unlike anything on TV. Warning- Incoming Game.
The whole series was alphanumeric!
FWIW beast wars and reboot were in large part handled by dan didio, who went on to be the head honcho at dc comics until flashpoint(2002ish-2012).

Considered by many to be one of the better eras in all of comics, though there are always some questionable decisions.

He’s also one of those who pushed hard for the more adult characterization and serialized format you see start mid s2, and that beast wars had from the start.
Fuck ya, Beast Wars! Great show. Also that show, (which name escapes me) with the different planets and the bad guys have a planet that eats others?
Dinobot’s sacrifice haunts and inspires me to this day. More formative than the death of Optimus Prime.

I had karate when that third show was going. Shadow....something. Never saw it. Same as insektors or whatever the bugs in the castle were called.
Shadow Raiders
It was *Beasties* in Canada.
Yes!
You're right! I remember that but it's been a while so I couldn't quite recall. I do remember before and after commercials though, "BEASTIES!!!" lol
Fox = Beast Wars
YTV = Beasties

I miss coming home to watch YTV or watching it on weekends. Snit anyone?
Netflix has a new series in the Reboot universe. It starts off slow but I have hopes that next season will be better.
Legend has it him and PJ Phil are still in The Zone to this day.
Don't forget starship troopers and heavy gear.
Wait he was involved with those?

Neato. ST is tragically misunderstood.
The new reboot of Reboot isn't bad. It's not as good as the original but it's fun and entertaining.
Ran into PJ Phil at a Walmart in Burlington ON, he may have been a bit freaked out over how excited I was considering I'm an old bearded guy now.
Do yourself a favor and never ever look up the 2017 reboot (pun intended)
Amazing show. And it really does hold up to rewatches, especially past first season. The first couple episodes are def a bit kiddy but it matures and finds its voice fast. Still rewatch it every few years. The dinobot episode was amazing.
IIRC you're referring to [Shadow Raiders](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shadow_Raiders)
I still have some of the collectable transformer guys lol
The entire series was uploaded to YouTube a while ago. Not sure if it was DMCA'd or not though.
He used to come out to Atomic Lollipop and other local 90's themes events in Toronto, to judge costume contests or answer questions
I always wondered why it had a different name in Canada, considering the show was Canadian made.
He’s still a pretty high executive at DC.
Oh for sure, he's like Senior VP now right?

I just thought he had moved away from(and up and beyond) the nitty gritty of the EIC duties.
I believe he’s co-publisher with Jim Lee, which yeah is above EIC and I assume less hands on.
&gt;More formative than the death of Optimus Prime.

You shut your whore mouth.
I'm just speaking for myself.
As a fellow old bearded guy who fangirled hard when I met him 2 years ago at an expo, I think he took it pretty well. He looks like he barely aged, it was surreal.
My sister saw him in the 90's and told him "Hey my sister loves you!" He walked away...
It was also called War Planets. I had all the little toys too.
I'm 95% sure PJ Phil did an AMA at one point.
Wow, this explains so much I used to think those were seperate titles per season lol
Game over. User loses.
It doesn't.
shadow raiders, also awesome but I think it never finished? not sure if it was just cancelled or they made the beast planet too strong and had no idea how to end it lol
It was called Shadow Something....fuck that was good.

Edit: Shadow Raiders!
shadow raiders
I think it was probably cancelled
Stupidest nonsense coming from the censors back then. Remember Dot's monoboob?
They actually were up until at least 2012

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FuqNIsiZRb8
Same thing here man! One of the greatest characters ever written.
Shadow raiders

Summary:
It was also called War Planets.
shadow raiders, also awesome but I think it never finished?
It was *Beasties* in Canada.
I do remember before and after commercials though, "BEASTIES!!!"
I think it was probably cancelled.
I still have some of the collectable transformer guys lol.
It was called Shadow Something....fuck that was good.
