Original Response:
Hey all!!
So the question is, is there really a thing such as girls demanding sex daily as a physical need same as boys or do you guys just want it when you feel loved?
Just curious ;)
It depends on the girl. I have a higher sex drive than most guys I have dated. Some girls want it just as much as guys do. Some girls don't.
Men have far more testosterone, so they naturally do have higher sex drives by a large margin. If a girls sex drive is higher then her man's, he has a hormonal imbalance.
So assume if you have higher sex demand and your partner is not that into it like you are will you get stressed because of it? Will it affect your relationship?
I either just ask for sex or initiate it or if they aren't feeling it I take care of myself. It hasn't caused any conflict in my relationships. And I personally don't think it's a hormonal imbalance situation, girls can like sex as much as guys.
Well that's not always the case. A man and women can be sexually aroused at totally different times. Stress and other factors play big role in this I think.
Stress and other factors are quite often a symptom of low testosterone
[deleted]
Women with higher levels of testosterone have higher sex drives. It's why it's often advocated for a women to work out if she wants to raise her drive.
[deleted]
Yeah maybe the man could be having stressful days at work etc if he can't cope up with his gal in bed plus expecting performance daily from a guy is something I consider as too much.
I don't know a single women who thinks about sex the way that me and my high T friends do. With that said, we have a epidemic of dadbods who play video games, watch TV all night and eat shit food; so there are a lot of men who have a lower drive than their wives.
Global warming, the decline in spelling standards, and the coming financial crash are all caused by low testosterone.
And people not fixing thier cats

Summary:
Some girls want it just as much as guys do.
If a girls sex drive is higher then her man's, he has a hormonal imbalance.
