Original Response:
How much would a political campaign pay for an /r/news mod account?
iirc r/politics demodded the one Trump mod they had during the lead up to the election. Super PACS run r/politics. It isn't crazy to think the mods were approached with money.
There was an allegation that Media Matters paid somewhere north of $2 million for control over /r/politics. To be fair, it was anon posting, so not strong evidence of course, but very believable.
Anyone who saw the transformation of that sub from Aug to Sept 2016 would know that it was highly plausible. *Something* happened and the sub's been a cesspool ever since.
You would have to ask share blue.
I forgot about that. It feels like it was always was a liberal cesspool.
Don't forget CTR
Neoliberal, but yeah. I feel like the same military industrial complex that backed Bush has switched it up and are hiding behind the cloak of the Dems.
Wonder how this sub became the cesspool that it is now.. Oh wait..nm.
You're part of the problem.
You have been divided and conquered. Now stfu and gtfo.
You're actually on to something here... Believe me..  When the Stratford hacks took place I had access to the wiki leaks servers on the darknet that held all the info and I saw some documents that would legitimize your assumption.
🍆🍆🍆
True, there are many different think tanks.  Honestly, as soon as one gets outed they probably just spawn another.
&gt; It isn't crazy to think the mods were approached with money. 

I think most people would sell out if the price was right.
Team HRC paid out a billion to hacks and activists and offshore marketing companies.

money before and promised money afterwards, hence the tears and wailing from all in the MSM when the low energy HRC lost.

what they stupidly forgot (in their glorious Team HRC money love fest) is that dislike is a stronger emotion for voters than like.

negative campaigning has a bad reputation and name, but it works.
the DNC protected Bushco during and after 9/11, during the GWOT, then MIC business as usual during Obama years.

Sen. Biden _wrote_ the Patriot Act. hence his reward as VP during Obamaco.

all very Byzantine.
Or an r conspiracy mod account in an election year
Can you think of any other
CTR, open society foundation, etc.  I could keep going, but the last time I did I hit Reddit’s character limit.
... yes, the Democraticd Convention ended July 28.  Right before that.

The sub went from being very pro-Bernie for the Dem candidate to the chosen Dem candidate.  The place remained very Dem favoring.
I find it weird youve never heard of the Internet research agency

Or cambridge analytica

I find it weird you seem to only know of orgs that are on one side of the political aisle. Why do you think that is
Enlighten me, Rabbi.
https://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/07/magazine/the-agency.html

Im not a rabbi, im not jewish, im not even religious. Dont know where you got that impression
Oi vey, check out my liberal rag that backs up my feelings.
oooh ad hominem, the true mark of the intelligent.

You are a horse dying of thirst standing in a lake
[deleted]
Reeee, accept the falsehoods that I gladly pollute my mind with.  Reeeeeeee.
Would you like to recommend any sources? Or lol are you denying the internet research agency exists?
anyone who calls out right-wing propaganda is a soyboy or jew or some shit
Think back: I remember when Reddit supported Ron Paul. This site is not as drawn down the left/right paradigm as you might think.

Summary:
It isn't crazy to think the mods were approached with money.
&gt; It isn't crazy to think the mods were approached with money.
Can you think of any other.
Why do you think that is.
I think most people would sell out if the price was right.
