Original Response:
Wait whats going on lol?
It blew up
I don't know, ask the smartest people in the universe
Can you elaborate?
The motorcycle, a 636, blew up
was a bike, up for interpretation now
Not you then?
The front fell off.
And here I thought Reddit [loved Rick and Morty](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6egiLH_ag8k). Oh well.
Yeah thats not very typical i would like to make that point
I'm not smart enough for Rick and Morty
“Some assembly required.”
***636 for sale***  
Condition: it blew up  
Type: debatable  
Location: everywhere
Definitely not in the environment.
Well how did it blow up then?
well there are a lot of these bikes going around the world all the time, and very seldom does anything like this happen, i just don't want people thinking that 636s aren't safe
beyond the environment
The front fell off
Now a jigsaw puzzle.
Was this one safe?
well i was thinking about more about the other ones
He was destroyed!
The ones that didn't blow up?
The ones that don’t blow up?
Towed well beyond the environment
It was until it blew up
Well what's out there?
Why, is there a good version of blowing up?  :)
Wait wait, what other ones?
Nothings out there, except for sea and birds and fish.
And?
Well some of them are built so they don't blow up at all.
Well, one minute it wasn't blowing up, then it was blowing up, and now it's blown up.
Well, wasn’t this one built so it wouldn’t blow up?
And 3.8L of engine oil.
Yes but it was beyond the environment.
What's in the environment?
[For anyone wondering...](https://youtu.be/3m5qxZm_JqM)
That’s not very typical, I’d like to make that point.
You win!!
Obviously not.
open and shut johnson
Apparently not because it blew up.
[deleted]
well, how do you know?
Why did I just read this in John Cleese's voice?
Because it blew up and 4.8 gal of fuel spilled and the street caught fire, it's a bit of a giveaway, I would just like to make the point that that is not normal.
It blew up so no
well, what kind of standards are these motorcycles built to?
Oh, very rigorous.
I'm so happy I know where this is from
It is now!

Summary:
Well how did it blow up then?
well, how do you know?
It was until it blew up.
It blew up so no.
well i was thinking about more about the other ones.
