Original Response:
[deleted]
Eat it, Trumpers.
The same people that all of a sudden now care about sweatshops
Just like homeless vets
Actually eat it everyone. The only winners are the Nike execs. They don’t give a fuck about whatever message they’re sending bro. They just want to make money. They knew this was a gamble with possibly huge upside.

For you to think this is a loss for trump voters and a win for the left is pretty naive bro. Nike wins. Big corporation wins. If you think that means “YEA HIGH FIVE TRUMP VOTERS ARE EMBARRASSED” that’s pretty dumb
The fact that you used "bro" and "left" in a comment you otherwise may have intended to be taken seriously tells me that you're part of the problem.

There aren't "two parties", there are the rich, and the rest of us.  To think otherwise is to be stuck just where you're wanted.

And yes, this was a calculated move intended to make Nike gobs of money, which it is doing.  But, if it calls attention to injustices in the world, it's still a win for us all.
Which injustices in the world was it calling attention too?
In a way I want to agree with you so I’ve upvoted you.  However I must ask, do you honestly feel akin to the typical MAGA hat wearing Trump voter? Since you’re both presumably not uber wealthy, do you really feel you relate to them and are in their same side?

Are yours and their differences really overshadowed by your commonality?
But it goes both ways right? Now you have the masses that are willing to ignore their work place conditions to stick it to the other guy.  I never bought Nike and now suddenly 9 get to be called a Trumper because lifelong boycott now intersects with their's 

It would be like Reddit promoting Nestle products because Nestle came out against Trump.  I'll be sickened if all these people flip again.
No, honestly the "typical" MAGA hat wearing Trump voter I feel like is beneath me.  But not because I'm inherently more valuable than they are, but I had parents who brought me up correctly and didn't raise me to be a douche towards people who simply look differently than I do.

They could still change, there are reformed KKK members in the world who have gone on do to great things.  And I don't mean great in the MAGA sense, I mean actual value.

Thanks for the question!
[deleted]
You it wrong. I dislike Nike because of the swearshops, but I disagree with people for disliking them because of the kneeling.
“There are the rich, and the rest of us.” Only a sith deals in absolutes BRO. My wife and I make 6 figures each in New York mother fucking Citayyyyy. Does that mean we side with trump or with racist KKK white cops? You think we support Nike sweatshops and their fat cat execs? You think just because we make more money than you can imagine that we’re automatically backwards thinking climate change denying republicans? That we jerk off to the Bible and punch abortion workers in the face? You idiot. 

You may think you’re some smart recent college grad with that bitch ass mentality of “we the 99% fight for the poor share that wealth!!!” but you’re almost as dumb and naive as those trumpdump voters you’re referring to. 

What problem you referring to bro? Just because I say bro in my anonymous Reddit comments you automatically assume I’m part of some imaginary problem of You being poor? You whiny fucking loser? What problem are you referring to? Is it one big problem? A hundred small ones? You think that my calling out your bullshit for criticizing trump voters from a fucking Nike ad displaying Kaepernick makes me part of the problem? BRO? If the problem is I make more money than you because I worked my ass off to get to where I am then yea, I’m sorry your poor ass can’t make money because you didn’t do as well as you would’ve have liked in school.if it’s another problem you’re referring to, like racist white people doing racist white shit then suck it buddy I AINT WHITE
K.

6 figures?  You're not "the rich" I was referring to, you just think you are.
https://www.cnbc.com/2017/11/06/how-much-you-need-to-earn-to-be-in-the-top-1-percent-at-every-age.html

Are you referring to oil tycoon or big tobacco rich? Because sure I’m not that rich. But I’m still top 1% rich bitch. And I worked for every fucking penny.

If you’re talking about Nike president rich then you’re an idiot. You can always make extreme examples like that and say “there are multimillion dollar company owners and the rest of us. That is the problem”
I imagine there are people against trump who are embarrassed to have you on their side. You are slightly more educated and progressive than a dumb fuck redneck but you’re pretty much as narrow minded.

You’re like a twitter troll, you see an ad for an NFL player by a big corporation and your mind automatically jumps to politicize the issue rather than thinking about what the message actually is. Except a twitter troll knows he’s stirring up bull shit to get ignorant people like you mad. You just get mad because you’re dumb
[deleted]
Dont forget the sex industries that sweat shops inadvertently created with their abysmal wages.
You need some serious help.
Go back to TD, scum.
Ooooooh you got me good!
Why are black people more likely to be shot?


They commit more than half the amount of homicides in the USA, and they are only 13% of the population.

https://www.channel4.com/news/factcheck/factcheck-black-americans-commit-crime
[deleted]
Watching you two argue is a fucking cringefest. Shut up.
You talk about uniting people against the wealthy elite and then you also say that a large number of people are beneath you?  Do you see the dissonance between those two positions?
&gt; but I had parents who brought me up correctly and didn't raise me to be a douche towards people who simply look differently than I do.

generalizing a group... bigotry
&gt;by police than white people

Black and White police... also, the total number of Whites shot is higher.
This.
Get those hate facts out of here
[deleted]
More Whites are shot, but I guess that's ok with you.
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;You're completely missing the point.  

No.  90% of Blacks are killed by Blacks (83% of Whites are killed by Whites).

So, if your issue is Blacks being killed, then it's the Black community that has to step up.  If your issue is people being killed by police, then Whites have a better reason to complain.  If your issue is Blacks shot by police, then it's actually Black police who are more likely to shoot Blacks.

What is your issue?  Divide, blame Whites, use statistics to manipulate?

Again, is it ok with you that more Whites are shot?  You didn't answer that question.  But, you don't have to, supporting BLM is the same as supporting the KKK.  It's a political horseshoe.
I hope you read this article and truly absorb, reflect, and consider what it is saying: https://www.theroot.com/why-we-never-talk-about-black-on-black-crime-an-answer-1819092337
[deleted]
It’s not just Trumpers  that we’re anti Kaepernick. My husband hates trump but for some unknown stupid reason he chose to side with the no kneeler team. He is ex military, so maybe that might be a reason. But it is a sore subject with me as he was a Broncos fan and watched football up until this fiasco. The problem I have,  is he can’t tell me exactly WHY he is boycotting specifically when confronted with the true story of how it started, and why. So I guess he might as well be a trumper.
&gt;I hope you read this article and truly absorb, reflect, and consider what it is saying

Ah, the end of the article is... "White supremacy."  Ta-daaaaaa!

Whitey is to blame.  The State.  The system.  Just anyone except Blacks themselves.


You don't "hope... and truly absorb."  You propagandize.  It's very easy to see.
I've seen you post this elsewhere.

Ready-made lists are propaganda, not conversation.
triggered
How does the whiteness of the city affect the statistic as a whole?

They took the number of black murders and number of white murders, and made the percentages from that...

From [Wikipedia ](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_crime_in_the_United_States) 

The number of murders and the percentage of the whole

Black or African Americans 4,379 = 51.3%

White Americans 2,861 = 33.5%
[deleted]
&gt;Lol!

propaganda
Shame you ignored 99% of the piece.
[deleted]
Nope, it's propaganda, not well written, either.
[deleted]
Your missing the point entirely. You just sound mad
[deleted]
What’s your point bro
&gt;You just sound mad
Deflecting like a true bitch. I could say “you being a bitch” to any question you had for me but I don’t play that
[deleted]
This isn't news. Everyone has been saying the same thing you're saying since the ad was announced. It's not a win for "the left" and he never even said that. This is win for Nike (obviously) but a huge L for Trump and his supporters. These fucking idiots still think their boycotts work. Trump even tweeted it was a bad move and they where going to see big losses. Their protests never fucking work.
Why are you bragging on reddit? When you tell us you make x amount of money, I assume you're a regular guy who works a crap job, and you daydream about having a wife and making big bucks in New York. It's really fucking pathetic
Okay "bro" . Go take a walk at central Park and leave us peasants alone.
You're an insane person. More white people are shot because there's a larger white population. It's not complicated, lil bud
Isn't that what your boy trumpito does on the daily?
This nigga talked about money so I replied accordingly
You are a simple person who likes simple answers.  Life is easy for you.
You are presenting a ready made list that isn't directly connected to our conversation.  Essentially, you are shouting past me, without any intention of having an open mind.  Perhaps that's the education style you received, but it's obviously propaganda.

I use that word because what you have done is a textbook case of it.  If you are only going to shout "you're part of the problem" because you've been called out, then you are essentially a member of a political cult.
1) What’s the issue with him having said “bro” and “left”? Bro is a harmless term and the left is a term that’s been used for decades that can objectively describe a group on the political spectrum. But that’s just a serious question. 

2) The idea that there’s a “rich” and a “rest of us” is absurd. That’s coming from someone well within the 99%. Shit, well below the poverty line. I grew up below that poverty line, but I’m about to move into that “rich” class. Why the need to separate an entire group solely based on income?

3) Yea OP who made the comment is a douche. I see that from his response. So I guess you’re right on the bro and left thing. But you didn’t know it when you made it, so that point was serious. Just seems so harmless to me. Why is it a flag?
No, that was MY point, which you asked for. If your asking about the point YOU are missing, I would just laugh at you for being a little bitch. Hows it feel to be winning lol sounds frustrating bro. I'm sorry it will get better I promise
I mean to be fair the “masses” never cared about sweatshops, partly because all he major shoes use them (so avoiding them can be difficult), and partly because few people look into the conditions that their products are made in at all. 

Nike just became a political statement, and one that is very well in line with their consumer base.
Its not. But I definitely don't go out of my way to be upset about things I've made up in my head. You're saying that black people AS  A WHOLE, need to do what you think is best for them. Ignoring cultural diffeneces, you have all the answers. Or at least you definitely come off as you do. I would bet you definitely don't care, and you enjoy criticizing the black community. Gives you something to feel superior about
"it's not me bragging, this nigga implied I was broke, so I gotta make up a number to show I'm not. I'm definitely not a broke nigga. For sure."
I was going to give you a fair response.  Then I looked at your history.  Shit.

Get educated.  Good luck simple person.

Summary:
You're not "the rich" I was referring to, you just think you are.
Why are black people more likely to be shot?
You just get mad because you’re dumb.
What problem you referring to bro?
I see that from his response.
90% of Blacks are killed by Blacks (83% of Whites are killed by Whites).
So I guess you’re right on the bro and left thing.
They just want to make money.
I imagine there are people against trump who are embarrassed to have you on their side.
What problem are you referring to?
More Whites are shot, but I guess that's ok with you.
You didn't answer that question.
You don't "hope... and truly absorb."
You think that my calling out your bullshit for criticizing trump voters from a fucking Nike ad displaying Kaepernick makes me part of the problem?
For you to think this is a loss for trump voters and a win for the left is pretty naive bro.
So I guess he might as well be a trumper.
But that’s just a serious question.
I was going to give you a fair response.
Just because I say bro in my anonymous Reddit comments you automatically assume I’m part of some imaginary problem of You being poor?
