Original Response:
And? They'll fail the degree if they're not up to snuff and will never end up teaching. If they pass it, then it turns out that maybe their ATAR isn't actually a fair assessment of their abilities. 

Hysteria over nothing.
I have to disagree. Grade inflation within the university system is a tremendous issue. There is pressure to pass students who would otherwise fail  - not by actually helping them, but by turning a low 40s into a high 40s or 50 (pass conceded = less paperwork).* The universities sadly cannot be fully trusted as the gatekeepers of academic integrity

*this is a really big issue with fee-paying internationals moreso than domestic students, but still relevant
See the problem is than the universities also lower their standards because than they'd find people failing their courses.
It's nice of you to throw the racist conspiracy theory in there with the classist one.
I'm not going to doxx myself too badly here, but I can assure you that internal university pressure to inflate grades of students is not a conspiracy theory, and is not limited to individual departments or universities. 

As for accusations of racism and classism, I assumed we were engaging in a discussion in good faith. I fail to see how what I said was racist or classist.
Because you're in r/Australia and everything is racist or classist or some sort of ist
One of my unviersity lecturers said he added 7 marks to everyone's mid semester exam to ensure at least 60% had passed
"The poors are ruining our universities with their low ATARs. Also, I'm going to mention international students as the main issue, when they don't even have ATARs. I just can't help myself."
Your university lecturer and his ability to run a course and teach are much more questionable here than the students, lol.
Also on this point you could wait a year or two and get into almost any course you want without an ATAR.  The system is designed as a leg up for high achievers in school to get a head start on the courses they want to study.  If you mess up badly on your ATAR all you are really doing is costing yourself time to recover and move on with your life.
I think you should re-read my comment. It says nothing about ATARs but about internal university marks and pressure to raise those marks from university administrations. I was responding to your comment putting faith in universities as a way to weed out students who would make poor teachers. Your faith is misplaced. Students who should fail courses are being nudged into pass grades. 

I don't believe international or domestic students are any more or less able than each other. I do know that there is pressure not to fail students, and that this pressure is even greater for international students than it is for domestic students. Why this is the case - I can speculate, but I don't know.
Apparently it's easier to just assume someone is a bigot than it is to actually read their comment hey
Of course. (You're 100% correct in what you said btw)
You're not saying anything new nor insightful, this is a many years old conspiracy theory that pops up here every day.
Govt. shouldn't employ people from or buy HECs places from those universities then.
They'd have exactly zero candidates than.
My sister works as a researcher at Latrobe uni but also tutors. She constantly complains about students doing biology degrees that cant do basic math. Its not the poors its just idiots in general. And on the topic of international students while I was at Monash international students that were woefully under performing were definitely being pushed through classes that they should have failed. Its in a uni't best interest to pass international students even if they cant tie their own shoelaces.
You're very clearly making this up, considering mathematics isn't a prerequisite for biology and is irrelevant to the curriculum. You picked the wrong field to lie about.

https://www.latrobe.edu.au/courses/bachelor-of-biological-sciences
You see racism and the like everywhere.  It's not normal.
You boys done jerking eachother off?
Why, you want in?
I'd be curious to see a refutation. I've heard this from many sources that it's a global issue, many of these sources I trust, what makes you call it a conspiracy theory?
[deleted]
That's funny, because the biology course at the very university  mentioned does not, as shown in the bloody link which you ignored.
Just to be specific she was complaining about students not being able to subtract a negative number from another number which is basic math you need to be able to do to function in any role other than a shelf packer. Also you'r assumption that everyone that disagrees with you is lying is concerning. maybe you might be wrong?
I mean if you're going to double down and call me a conspiracy theorist, racist and classist then there's not a lot of point in continuing this discussion. Enjoy your day
[deleted]
One of the recommended year 1 electives is Mathematical Applications in Biology. Apparently basic reading comprehension is a rare skill too.
&gt; English isn't a prereq for biology either but that doesn't mean you won't need basic english skills.




No, as shown in the link, English is a prerequisite for biology.

&gt; Prerequisite

&gt; English (Please refer to admission requirements for details)

There is no mathematics prerequisite. 

Stop talking.
Do you not understand the massive difference between a prerequisite and a 'recommended elective'? 

This is sad. You got caught out, just deal with it.
I'm not OP but honestly the only one coming off as sad here is you. What are you even arguing for?

You need basic maths skills for biology or you will struggle to do some things (like statistical analysis, graphing etc). 

No one said it was a prerequisite (that was you). OP said people who can't do basic math will find some aspects of a *science* degree difficult. Wow, shocking claim right?!

Go be outraged at something else.
It's a necessary middle ground imo. In some East Asian countries they just fuck you for life for being a shit student at eighteen and wonder why the suicide rate is skyrocketing.
[removed]

Summary:
I just can't help myself."
Students who should fail courses are being nudged into pass grades.
No one said it was a prerequisite (that was you).
Also, I'm going to mention international students as the main issue, when they don't even have ATARs.
I fail to see how what I said was racist or classist.
I don't believe international or domestic students are any more or less able than each other.
She constantly complains about students doing biology degrees that cant do basic math.
