Original Response:
[removed]
Why are you so convinced in your made up story than that he’s saying? He’s told you multiple times he’s seeing someone and I think it’s perfectly normal for someone who is now in a relationship to not follow people they hooked up with in the past.
I think you’re making this into way more than it is.
But he has many other girls on his Instagram he follows and the ones he doesn’t follow back are either gay or not pretty
Do you KNOW those other girls? maybe he didn’t hook up with them therefore there’s no reason he feels to unfollow them. But if he’s in a new relationship and you guys hooked up, it’s not that unheard of for guys to unfollow girls they used to be involved with.
You have a very good point there. I guess since they look all sexy I assume he messed with them too lol. Just there is so few pretty girls he unfollwed. Most of them are either gay or aren’t that pretty
He can’t get “pretty” girls then, men don’t just fuck every girl they follow on instagram, I follow a lot of friends / girls I know and I have a gf

HOWEVER! 
My girlfriend did tell me to delete the girls she saw as a “threat” aka the girls I like the most.
I can almost guarantee you he did this not because he didnt like you, but because he liked you too much!
You rock on girl!
&gt; He can’t get “pretty” girls then, 

What do you mean by that
Oh god, i’m sorry I did not mean that at all. Im very sorry if I made you incomfortable that was not my intention,
I actually didn’t mean anything, just like I later explained, no one fucks EVERY person they follow on instagram
&gt;  the logic of his response doesn't make sense though. If he unfollowed you because he has a girlfriend, that would then mean he would have unfollowed all women. or perhaps all the "real, accessible women" that his new girlfriend found to be a threat because he has had relations with you at some point. who knows?!?! i think he unfollowed you because the content on your IG is not relevant to him. also, because he is no longer interested in pursuing any kind of relationship with you.

But someone said this :(. My content wasn’t sexy for him :(
I’m kinda feeling you’re just ignoring everything i said and want to feel sad, thats okay too. Just don’t blame it on him.

Example: if you had a best friend which was a guy and a hookup you once screwed and you got a bf, would you unfollow both of the guys JUST because they had a dick? Or would you only unfollow the dude you hooked up with

Having a gf does not mean unfollow EVERY girl you have EVER met
Just the ones that are a danger to him.
The rest is not important enough for him and her.
But the person I quoted you said otherwise tho? You disagree with them?
I 100% disagree and I think their answer is honestly stupid and dilussional.
Are you being sarcastic? Seriously asking
How can anyone truly think unfollowimg EVERY GIRL YOU HAVE EVER KNOWN INCLUDING SISTERS COUSINS AND CHILDHOOD FRIENDS is a good idea when you get a gf? That’s what the comment you quoted is implying
Not to bother you but how you know he lied about having a gf and unfollowed cause I’m a ONS and wants to move on and he didn’t unfollow those other hot girls because they are hotter then me and I’m basic? I feel the shittier scenario is always more realistic
Because taking that much effort to block someone is something you only do when it’s really a challenge to let go.

Summary:
Do you KNOW those other girls?
Just there is so few pretty girls he unfollwed.
I think you’re making this into way more than it is.
If he unfollowed you because he has a girlfriend, that would then mean he would have unfollowed all women.
