Original Response:
When someone says "I seen" you can be sure the next words out of their mouth will never be "the inside of a library."
https://i.imgur.com/MNPwX9p.jpg
It’s actually a pretty common phrase in the Northern parts of America, I use it all too frequently and am pretty confident in saying that the inside of a library has books, or whatever those things with words inside them are called.

Source: lived in Indiana for half of my life
Just because it's common doesn't mean it's not very, very wrong. I'm from the south and semi-regularly say "ain't" but I know it makes most people cringe.
&gt; It’s actually a pretty common phrase in the Northern parts of America

Yep, pretty common among trashy people.
I don’t think it’s safe to assume that bad grammar and trashy people are mutually exclusive.
Actually, in the linguistics field, the rule of thumb is generally that if a lot of people use it, it's just part of the evolution of language and not necessarily wrong.
Something being common is kind of the definition of correctness as far as grammar goes though, that’s how language evolves
It's literally grammatically wrong though. It's not a word that got slowly morphed into something else or accepted over time like "ain't". It's using "seen" instead of "saw" because you don't understand the difference.
There are a lot of aspects of AAVE that people would consider 'wrong' but are accepted by linguistics experts as correct in a valid dialect.
No linguistic or education professional is ever going to say "yeah let's say 'I seen' now, people seem to like that."

Source: Am married to one and have heard many many rants about this
I have a degree in linguistics. From the descriptivist perspective, if there is mutual intelligibility, then the usage is valid. Sounds like the linguist you're married to is a prescriptivist.
As a linguistics major, I beg to differ.
Shoutout to David Foster Wallace for writing an INCREDIBLE essay on descriptivism versus prescriptivism. I never thought I would want to read an essay about dictionaries but damn if it didn’t blow my mind.
[deleted]
If you got the gist of what was being said, then communications happened.
Well tell them to shut their pie hole.
That’s weird since I know tons of educated, intelligent people who use colloquialisms or slang.
Uh huh, the difference here is this is not an educated or intelligent person. I said in an earlier comment that I use "ain't" in conversation. I do not use it in a professional setting and none of your educated, intelligent friends would either.
Why waste time say lot word when few word do trick?
agree
Quote from John G. Fought
&gt; 
&gt; The great American linguist Leonard Bloomfield observed many years ago that the child who learns to say I seen it has learned just as much as the one who says I saw it. Both of these forms are irregular. The least common American past-tense form of see is the regularized form I seed it. These so-called mistakes shed more light on language than “standard” forms, because what’s going on is clearly not ignorance, laziness or poor schooling. The pattern of present, past and perfect of see, seen and seen in place of see, saw and seen reveals that speakers don’t put irregular verbs together just by combining a stem and a suffix, the way they form many thousands of English regular verbs. Among the roughly 180 ‘approved’ irregular verbs now listed in grammars of American English, there is no verb with an -en suffix in the past as well as the perfect form.

&gt; So where does I seen it come from? It follows a more general pattern implicit in all the regular verbs and in many irregular ones as well. All of the regular verbs, such as need, needed,, and about 75 of the irregular ones, such as lead, led, led, have the same form in the past and present perfect, but a different form in the present. The see, seen, seen formation fits this more inclusive pattern, which can be stated as present differs from past and perfect; the past is like the perfect minus 'have.'

Children at a young age observed or inferred a different pattern than the general one. Language just changes like this. The construction is still properly applied in the child's mental grammar, and therefore would be just an intelligible.
Welcome to language.
Would you consider this situation a professional setting?
Libary*
“Anyone who doesn’t talk like I do is trash!!!”
Yeah man Instagram DMs is one of the most professional settings I could imagine.
That is neither though.
I ain't seen a more professional stonebone in my entire life.
Just because someone speaks in grammatically incorrect sentences doesnt mean they're stupid.
I seent you
....what? Your original comment said: 

&gt; When someone says "I seen" you can be sure the next words out of their mouth will never be "the inside of a library."

Where are you getting a professional setting from? We weren’t even talking about any specific scenario, but even the OP clearly isn’t a professional situation.
Okay, be pedantic about it if you want, but the point is that saying something like “I seen” doesn’t necessarily make someone stupid or uneducated. Same with ain’t.
Some words, like ain't and ya'll, definitely cross into both worlds of educated and uneducated people (partially because they can actually be useful and a better fit). But, "I seen' is always wrong, and I've never in my life heard an educated person say they "seen something". Then again, I didn't grow up in the South, so what do I know?
I seen what you’re sayin but I use terrible grammar in texts and I’m about to graduate college so I feel like you’re just being an elitist who wants to feel smarter for always using proper grammar
Just because you’ve never heard an educated person speak like that doesn’t mean it doesn’t happen. Maybe get more friends?
I know, that's why I said "what do I know?" at the end. Thanks for the advice, I'll be sure to keep a look out for educated people who talk like uneducated people, and then aggressively befriend them so that I can grow as a person.
If that’s the mindest you have when choosing friends, it’s pretty easy to see why you don’t have any.
If I had money.. I would give gold! I am giving you a digital hi-five and a hug right now.. "I'll be sure to keep a look out for educated people who talk like uneducated people, and then aggressively befriend them so that I can grow as a person." made me have a good laugh!
Alright mate, he gets it and he backed away from it. Why you gotta keep hitting him?
But I'm just taking your advice, as well as trying to hone in on the actual reason why you gave the advice. You said "maybe get more friends", presumably in order to find someone who says "I seen it", but who's actually really smart and educated. So instead of just making random friends, I cleverly thought I should specifically find someone who fits the bill of saying "I seen it", but who's actually totally smart and NOT stupid. I'm sorry I'm getting your advice all wrong. Maybe I'M the one who is stupid...
Because he’s still being an ass about it what do you mean? He’s literally talking about not being friends with someone because they aren’t as educated as him? What kind of fuckheadery is that.
Can you not read?
Have you ever seen an educated person wipe their own ass? I haven't.
I seen that.
Thanks, man. I love making people laugh!
“I seen” isn’t so much a southern thing as it is an attribute of the AAVE dialect, where it can be correct to use. I seen it used by several very literate people ;)
https://m.imgur.com/t/i_seent_it/RQvbGdg
[deleted]
who said that? I know it's a quote from somewhere
OP is Australian anyway. There's definitely a lot of people that say "I seen you the other day", over here. But it's not really an accepted colloquialism.
Okay, well you write “I seen your job posting” in your next cover letter and report back to us about if you get the job or not.
So you admit that saying "I seen" isn't something educated people say?
I don’t think i’d base someone’s education of of one thing they said, no.
thanks I hate it
My original comment was a joke that lots of iamverysmart people with linguistics degrees took offense to, apparently.
Bold prediction: the type of guy who would DM somebody like this talks like this all the time
Do you write "I seen" in your papers you're writing for school?
Yeah, you don’t seem to know much about this. Even using Ebonics isn’t considered a guaranteed sign of being uneducated or unintelligent. Language is far too fluid for those kinds of assumptions.
There’s a difference between formal and informal language. Yeah you’re not supposed to use things like “gonna” or “wanna” or “ain’t” or even harmless things like passive voice or contractions in formal writing, doesn’t make them incorrect.
Just like how the subjunctive form is slowly being left out of English, like saying “I wish I was rich” instead of “I wish I were rich,” but both are still correct
"I seen" is nothing like either of those. That's not how that word is used.
If you follow prescriptivism, “I wish I was rich” has a different meaning from “I wish I were rich.” However, it’s a change that has become popular because the subjunctive forms of many verbs are the same as their simple past forms, so people apply that rule when it shouldn’t be. It just doesn’t stand out as an error to you because you’re used to it. 

That’s similar to what’s happening with “seen” replacing “saw.” One past tense form is replacing another, and honestly it’s kind of better than the subjunctive example I gave above because “I seen it” doesn’t have any alternative meaning, you can tell what it means.
oh my god just stop
Sorry, I’m only trying to argue my case.
I disagree about making assumptions about people based on how they speak. I understand intelligence has little connection to how well a person speaks because language is a learned ability. While intelligence, by definition, is not. However, education is nothing but a series of learned abilities, so it's not unreasonable for a person to surmise that someone who speaks poorly is also uneducated. Is it true 100% of the time? Of course not. The distinction between education and intelligence is a big deal. 

Also, if you have a good point, there's no need to be condescending.
My intention wasn’t to be condescending; it’s to agree with you that, as *you* stated, you don’t seem to know much about this. I live in an area where probably 75% of people use language and grammar that isn’t proper, and it’s silly to make the assumption that someone who speaks that way is completely uneducated. We’ll just have to agree to disagree on that.
I hear you! Thanks for clarifying. I agree with you, too. I actually grew up in a poor area where people spoke with poor grammar, as well. But as I grew up and became educated, the more books I read, the more my incorrect grammar would be replaced with correct grammar. All the papers I had to write had to be perfect, and it was difficult to write perfectly when I spoke incorrectly. So, I naturally started using correct grammar in speech as much as in writing and it naturally corrected itself. Now I feel weird when I say ya'll and ain't, even though I grew up with it. I extended my experience to most people. Of course, not everyone will do that, and I can see how the community/society around a person would have a big impact on whether or not they kept their local "slang". But it would seem like a strange internal struggle to read many books and write many papers during the education process and not correct one's grammar because you'd have to constantly remind yourself of the correct way to read/write, but then consciously go against that knowledge while speaking. 

Anyway, that was my thought process. But again, if everyone around you talks a certain way, then I'm sure it would be easy (easier, at least) and natural to continue speaking like that and not correct it. My experience was the opposite on that front; I was slightly embarrassed about my ghetto speak in college, so I corrected it.
&gt; But it would seem like a strange internal struggle to read many books and write many papers during the education process and not correct one's grammar because you'd have to constantly remind yourself of the correct way to read/write, but then consciously go against that knowledge while speaking.

If it makes you feel better, I have a degree in English and I still use y'all and ain't because I don't think of myself as being limited to one particular form of language. I am more than capable of writing research papers with perfectly correct grammar, but to me, that's academic language. In my experience, people don't generally like to socialize with someone who can't relax enough to even use a bit of grammatically incorrect language. Not to mention growing up, I spent more time with my family and friends than I did in the classroom, so it's more natural for me to revert to southern-isms than academic language. 

(Interestingly enough though, I did learn today that ["most linguists consider usage of ain't to be grammatical, as long as its users convey their intended meaning to their audience. In other words, a sentence such as "She ain't got no sense" is grammatical because it generally follows a native speaker's word order, and because a native speaker would recognize the meaning of that sentence."](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ain%27t))
That makes sense, I do the same. In fact, now that I think of it, I alter the way I speak depending on my audience. But there are certain no-no's that I just can't bring myself to break. One of those is "I seen"; it's always sounded wrong to me, even before I got an education and the people around me growing up would occasionally say it. Another one is "I gots". I also distinctly remember unlearning "expresso", "expecially", and "supposably", and I never go back to the incorrect pronunciation. But yeah, this is all just my experience and my opinion. As you said, language is fluid (like most things in practice) and experiences will vary infinitely.

Edit: I've also heard ain't and ya'll being brought into the mainstream by academia, and frankly I agree with it. In many instances it feels and sounds better, especially ya'll.
:/
Hey shithead. Can we talk? :/
I want to get to know you? :/
tryna make a change :-/
[removed]
Lol, I thought I missed you? :/
If that makes any sense. :/
[removed]
Best reference ever
Reference made me actually laugh out loud at a bar. Thanks.
? :/
What happened to that guy anyway? He pull a /u/_vargas_?
Hey talk, can we shithead? :/ fuck that didn't come out right wait

#:/
Tryna make a change :/
How do people that think "hey shithead" is a normal way to open a conversation (given the context especially), function in the real world? Like, how do they actually make enough money to survive?
you make enough and I make enough and OP makes enough, they take lil slivers of each and *voila*
By starting the conversation that way he gives himself a possible out. He probably feels it's inevitable that he will be rejected. And then it's easier to accept it when there's a clear cut reason, rather than because of who he is.
Did you read the title?
He's a crackhead, presumably 21 with a seven year old kid and a babymama, and tries to rekindle a relationship with "hey shithead"... I'm going to take a guess and assume he still lives at home with the under-40 grandparents.
I know someone who does stuff like this with the full purpose of negging a girl. Its pretty dumb.
That's an excellent observation. I'm jealous I didn't think of that first. Happy cake day, bro!
[removed]
Right?  How do people have questions about the logic (or lack thereof) employed by a literal crackhead?  The fact he does crack tells you literally everything you need to know about any crazy, unbelievably stupid decision this guy makes.
The conversation is for a church, honey!
Sounds like communist propaganda but okay
I do stuff like this with some of my friends. But we're in the army so it's normal
I'm not saying this in general, I'm saying in context. Would you text someone you dated for a month, many years ago, and open with "hey shithead".
Oh heaven's no.

Dude probably got bored and horny lmao
You don't heat up crack in a spoon, you just smoke it...
Freebase!
Yeah OP is thinking heroin.
[deleted]
Maybe _you_ don’t. Some of us like to make a ceremony out of it.
Yeah, you heat it off a spoon to smoke it. If you don't have a pipe handy, you heat it on the spoon and use a straw or dollar bill or something to suck up the smoke. Seen plenty of people smoke it this way.
Worse, really
ehhh usually you'd just use a piece of foil not a spoon
....well depends tho - people do heat up cocaine into spoons to make crack and I could be wrong but I’m pretty sure spoons can also be used to liquify the crack for injecting.
You can certainly cook crack (convert from snortable cocaine to smokeable) in a spoon though.
I think people shooting up usually use cocaine hydrochloride, because otherwise you have to add an acid to the freebase anyways to convert it back to a salt. Theoretically you could boil it with baking soda in a spoon to make crack, but that seems like a great way to spill it all over.
Only reason I mentioned that is because unfortunately I’ve seen/caught a few acquaintances in my life who’d use a spoon to cook coke into crack for smoking. You’d be amazed how an addicts hands can become as sturdy as a surgeon’s when they’re chasing a fix.

Summary:
I agree with you, too.
I know, that's why I said "what do I know?"
I do stuff like this with some of my friends.
I seen it used by several very literate people ;)
That makes sense, I do the same.
Language just changes like this.
I have a degree in linguistics.
I want to get to know you?
That's not how that word is used.
"I seen" is nothing like either of those.
There's definitely a lot of people that say "I seen you the other day", over here.
Another one is "I gots".
I'm not saying this in general, I'm saying in context.
I love making people laugh!
I extended my experience to most people.
&gt; So where does I seen it come from?
I disagree about making assumptions about people based on how they speak.
I do not use it in a professional setting and none of your educated, intelligent friends would either.
Seen plenty of people smoke it this way.
I'm from the south and semi-regularly say "ain't" but I know it makes most people cringe.
If that makes any sense.
Yeah, you don’t seem to know much about this.
