Original Response:
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.

The prize should be more stupider than a two race ban though, if you ask me.
he was also fired from his current team, and mv agusta terminated their contract with him as well.
The problem is he's done so much other stupid shit like this too.
yes he did. he also burned basically every bridge he got to cross.

his reputation is done for. i don't think any team will ever pick him up again.
I thought he was done when he upset Rossi and the VR46/Sky team but he somehow got another ride, hopefully this is it for good. 

I don't understand why teams even both with people like this, if someone has a history of being a cunt you know it's a PR disaster waiting to happen so why not hire one of the 100 equally talented riders desperate for a chance in the big leagues.
i don't understand it either. 

the guy really is talented. he's one of the best. but if i were a team manager he would be a too big a risk that i would even dare burn my hands trying to get him to behave.
Shouldn't be the team who have to step up.

Dorna/FIM should have thrown the book at him. That's attempted murder. Like another poster said what does he have to do to get a lifetime ban
True.
&gt; I thought he was done when he upset Rossi and the VR46/Sky team but he somehow got another ride, hopefully this is it for good.

You'd figure that getting the boot from the VR46 academy/riding team while leading the championship would be a HUGE fucking red flag to everyone. Wasn't surprised that it didn't even take a full year for his stupidity to come out again, hopefully this is the last of it.
&gt;  Wasn't surprised that it didn't even take a full year for his stupidity to come out again, hopefully this is the last of it.

rossi is signed through 2019, he'll be around for at least another year, unfortunately.

Summary:
I thought he was done when he upset Rossi and the VR46/Sky team but he somehow got another ride, hopefully this is it for good.
&gt; I thought he was done when he upset Rossi and the VR46/Sky team but he somehow got another ride, hopefully this is it for good.
