Original Response:
Steve Bannon is going to experience a good old Aussie sanga to the face if he tries peddling his bullshit here.
Yeah, violence is always a good way to shut up someone you don't agree with.

Is that how you settle arguments with your domestic partner too?
Mate if you beat em properly the first time there are no more arguments
No, because my wife isn't a racist nutbag peddling facist propaganda.
But if she was, or some other person you met (in your perception) was, you'd feel entitled to assault them?

Lovely.
Looks at username....
Yeah, no shit. Once the guns are out, who has time for talk?
You've changed my mind u/ripyourbloodyarmsoff, any form of violence is detestable. 

Irony much?
Your initial comment was quite clearly promoting or normalising assault as a way to shut up people whose views you don't agree with. You can't run away from that and trying to dissemble by pointing at my username (a reference to a famous aussie tv show) is simply pathetic.
I'll happily "normalise" assault against nazi-loving racist fucksticks. I'm not running from anything. I believe I made my views clear, nothing would make me happier than a national 'Punch a Nazi' day. Sticking up for the likes of Bannon and his breed of divisive hate-mongering is pathetic, and 100% also punchworthy.
&gt; I'll happily "normalise" assault against nazi-loving racist fucksticks. I'm not running from anything. I believe I made my views clear, nothing would make me happier than a national 'Punch a Nazi' day. Sticking up for the likes of Bannon and his breed of divisive hate-mongering is pathetic, and 100% also punchworthy.

Good. Thank you for making your position so clear. I personally find it deplorable and really not that far away from how people justify domestic violence, or road rage, or punching someone in the street they didn't like the look of.
Cool story bro, that's a fancy straw-man you're waving around there, but one does not equal the other.

Summary:
I'll happily "normalise" assault against nazi-loving racist fucksticks.
I'm not running from anything.
