Original Response:
Same price it was a week or so ago.
Not anymore. I set my limit at 5000€. If it goes under that, I am liquidating my assets. I thought I was out of the woods but apparently it’s still a solid possibility. :-/
Perspective, yo.
And 13% less than it was this afternoon
It's a bear market. What are you expecting?
In dollars it's the same.
You mean you'll buy more if it goes that low? Or sell? Not sure why you would sell when the price drops though.
Buy high, sell low.
I’d still make a profit of 40% because I bought really early. But it’d make me sad anyway.
To realise the profits I still can. I bought it last year so I am still green.
But this subreddit convinced me that bulls were coming again last week and we were heading for 20k.
[deleted]
Maybe not in the near future :(
[deleted]
Stop brag
one of the hardest and most expensive lessons I ever learned was to set a stop loss.
Truth gets -10 votes and the next stupid sarcastic remark gets +11.. bunch of dumbed down, millennial goons on reddit.
Ah yes, the next thing that is millennials are ruining. Reddit comments.
We've been in a downtrend for months. Why didn't you realize profits when we crashed through 36 major support trend lines?
Great! Cant wait to buy even lower. Bring it on.
He wants to sell now so he can fomo back in at 10k.
Because I didn’t want to pay taxes. In Germany if you hold more than a year you pay zero taxes.
Even though they are probably a millennial
Pretty sure it's not zero, but just less.
Well if you've already passed that 1 year mark I'll give you a tip. The next major support is $6,300 on the weekly candle. If we don't hold $6,300 into the weekly close (ending in 2 or 3 days), sell and immediately troll Stocktwits the moment you see everyone brown pants-ing. That'll make you feel like you know what you're doing. Then buy the next major support after that. Don't go all-in just in case that support doesnt hold. Keep adding in a percentage of your portfolio at every major support(BTFD). Troll Stocktwits when it goes back up. That'll make you feel like a king.
It’s zero. I am sure. Look it up if you doubt it.
I'm just gonna go out on a limb here and say that taking investment advice from Reddit sounds like a terrible idea 😂
/r/lewronggeneration
***DELET!!!!***
That means that millennials are ruining millennials
I asked a Steuerberater a year back and she said Wertanlagen don't reach zero taxes. But please prove me wrong, I'd very much welcome the opposite!
We had 13% drops even last year.
I should have said even in a bull market these dips happen. They think Bitcoin is stable?
I was going to buy back in at 5k...

Lol
http://www.nomoretax.eu/bitcoin-tax-haven-germany/

There are many more sources if you speak German. Cheers.
We are mortal enemies now.
It's not doing anything useful or practical either.
If you're one of the many of us also holding altcoin bags you have significantly less than a week ago. D:
I sold my alts. Or the major ones at least.
I mean as I mentioned, I'd be all for no taxes but I see no sources or links in the article to support their statements. Guess I'll have to do some research again.
Thanks for proving my point
I’d love it to drop for a bit...helps me afford it lol
absolutely, these are the bargain buy, pick-up-bits-when-you-can average-out Days, mark my words, those who smartly accumulate in this timeline will look back to what i hath spoken.
\#IHATHSPOKEN
I heard the same at 14k, 12k, 10k, 8k, 7k...

It's not a bargain price if people are not interested in it anymore and slowly most investors are cashing out.

You people need to realize that what you're doing is nothing else than paying off whales that have thousands of bitcoins and slowly liquidate.

You're paying them off, and waiting for somebody else to pay you off.

The interest in crypto's fading: https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?q=bitcoin

There aren't new buyers coming right now, there's no indication about that for the next months.

Maybe that will happen, but stop fuckin spamming this "bargain buy".

You have no fuckin clue if it is a bargain buy, same as me.
Exactly a year ago we were at the same interest rate. 
So lets look back in 3-4 months...
either you are in bitcoin or out
#IHAZSPOKE
[removed]
You’re dumb as shit obviously. I swear this dumb attitude only surrounds bitcoin on Reddit though
if you're are out, atay out of here as well

Summary:
Then buy the next major support after that.
I was going to buy back in at 5k...

Lol.
In Germany if you hold more than a year you pay zero taxes.
We had 13% drops even last year.
If it goes under that, I am liquidating my assets.
Troll Stocktwits when it goes back up.
either you are in bitcoin or out.
You have no fuckin clue if it is a bargain buy, same as me.
You mean you'll buy more if it goes that low?
