Original Response:
This is a financial/relationship issue that I first posted in personalfinance. It won’t let me post that link but if you want a lot of the financial details it’s the last post in my post history. I will try to keep money part of it to a minimum here. 

My wife has an SUV that we pay $490 monthly on. She  bought this vehicle a few years ago for her job. The company paid for her gas and about $450 of the car payment. Because of the line of work she does she put a ton of miles on the vehicle and we are now about 8k underwater on the loan with about 4 years left to pay. 

She recently just received an incredible job offer from a company that has much better benefits and will pay her about 30% more a year. It’s the same type of work so traveling daily is a big portion of the job. This company however doesn’t give her a monthly check for her suv they have their own company vehicle. They pay for gas, insurance maintenance, oil changes,  and plates. The only thing she does is pay $200 a month for the vehicle. She can use this vehicle however she pleases in her personal time as well. 

We have no children and my wife HATES mini vans. She has tried to see if they can just pay for her suv but they said they can’t. The van has 40k miles on it and her boss said once it hits 100k(probably take about 2 years) she can get a new vehicle. They mentioned she could get an suv then.  

Here is where we are having are dispute. I’m telling her we need to sell your SUV and pay off the difference. She can use the van for work and can use my car(which is paid off) after work or on weekends. If we both need a vehicle I can drive the van. She says she does not like my car and likes driving the suv. 

I’ve been super frustrated over this because we both agreed I would pay the bills and handle all the money since she likes to shop and can be a compulsive spender while I’m much more frugal. I’ve ran all the numbers and we would save roughly $630(insurance, plates, etc) a month without having the vehicle and almost $22680 in a 3 year period. Not to mention her cars warranty runs out in 15k miles which could lead to more costs. Having a $500 car payment for a weekend car just sounds so ridiculous to me.    

We’ve talked about it a few times already and just lead to big arguments. I try to explain to her that this money could go to extra on the house(we want our dream house in 3 years), retirement, vacations and she just doesn’t see the big picture. 

Any advice on how to approach this situation? I thought about just waiting until we get the van and see how she likes it once she starts using it. Plus I think she will realize how annoying it is to have 3 vehicles parked in our driveway. Im just super frustrated as I feel she is being selfish and is not taking our future into consideration.  

TLDR: wife’s suv car loan is underwater from driving it a lot at a previous job. New job provides a company van that she can also use for personal use but but she doesn’t like vans. She wants to keep the suv for after work and on the weekends. I told her this is insane because we owe $490 a month for the next 4 years on a car that is already 8-9k underwater. I told her she can drive my car which is paid whenever she wants and if I need a vehicle I’ll drive the van. She doesn’t like my car and just wants to keep the suv. I think it’s absolute Insane to keep the suv. Any advice on how to approach this situation?
Yes, your wife is being incredibly financially sub-optimal and stubborn about it, but the question is WHY. 

&amp;#x200B;

Here is what I am seeing:

&amp;#x200B;

Reason 1 -- lack of financial intelligence. You said you usually handle the bills and the earning and money management, and she is the spending who has a compulsive spending problem (which I'm assuming is minor, but sounds like it's been an issue discussed before). First off, she doesn't understand why the SUV needs to be sold because she is insulated from financial consequences. The bills "get paid", the stuff "works out" - see what I'm saying, she doesn't understand the nitty gritty of how the budget works. You need to take a weekend to review and discuss a shared budget. Make a 1 year plan and a 5 year plan, and explain how a \~30k expense (car costs + SUV gas + repairs over 5 years) is simple too high of a cost for the fun of driving an SUV. The cash differential (selling right now for, say, 20k, versus paying in 30k, is around a 50k difference. 

  
But you know this. She doesn't know this. Explain this patiently and civilly, ask her to suspend judgment until she gives you a chance to go over the numbers. I did this with my wife when she wanted to get the cool chick SUV - we totally can afford it, but let me explain to you why we don't WANT to afford it. 

&amp;#x200B;

Reason #2 - You have a communication problem. She feels like you don't care about her welfare and her happiness, and you want to take away something she "had". The cars was hers, she grew attached, and mr. controlling jerk is taking it away when he could suck it up and pay for it. This is a problem you have to work through because it shows that she doesn't trust you. Yes, you are the "financial leader" in the sense of you do the bills and the budgeting, but if she doesn't believe in you, then you have a "respect" problem. This is WAY harder to solve than a financial problem, because your wife should trust that you aren't trying to downgrade her or work against her best interests. And likewise, you should trust in her enough to include her in the financial management of the household. 

&amp;#x200B;

Basically, you have to figure out why she is being "like this" and then solve those reasons. I think she's probably not simply being stupid, naive, financially illiterate, selfish, childish, etc -- these qualities coming out are probably a symptom of some larger problem or pain or compulsion that you two have to solve together.
Totally agree with you on point one. This was part of what I said during our dispute that I’m the one that has to deal with how we are going to pay the bills. She doesn’t see any of it so she just spends the money and I try to figure out how we will pay for it. She does have lack of financial intelligence so that’s why I was like I will just deal with the money side of things. I’ve tired getting her more involved in it but she just doesn’t seem to have any interest in it. 

I think she does trust me and she even says she knows I’m doing what’s best for us. She has a shopping problem and she admits that.
I mean, look, no one is "too stupid" to understand basic financial literacy. She can successfully learn this stuff - the truth is that it's just really boring and all about impulse restriction and slow, mitigated decisions that slowly accrue. Basically learning about all this is like studying for the SAT. Not everyone is going to get a perfect score, but anyone can learn the systems to the degree where they are performing decently - it's just boring. 

This is the pitfall of "I don't have a head for the numbers, honey you just manage the money". Then she has no respect and appreciation for your budgeting work -- it's sort of like how if you never clean a dirty house, you never understand what all goes into upkeep on a clean, presentable home, so it can be easy to minimize your partner's work. 


I get your problem, but from a purely financial point of view, a good saver can NEVER EVER EVER outsave a bad spender. You can build up good credit over years, she can ruin it in a month. You are only as strong / financially secure as the least financially savvy person on your team (your wife). Instead of saying "we have to sell the car", say "let's go over the budget and make a list of priorities based on financial realities, and if we have the money and if you driving the SUV is a high enough priority need, then we will pay for you to have an expensive SUV. 

Think about it this way - you need someone you can rely upon in your corner, not someone you have to police and watch out for in case she blows the daycare fund on a prada bag. Make sure you explain that you also want her help in this - this isn't something you're making her do, it's an opportunity for her to help you in the creation of a rich, thriving household.
She said she talked to her mom earlier and they both agree since my vehicle is payed off that I should just sell my car instead. How does this make any sense? Sell my car that is paid off so we can make $500 monthly payments for the next 4 years. ...so frustrating. I plan on going over all the stuff I printed off tomorrow. This all is just so infuriating.
The only reason you should sell a paid off vehicle if it is going to be a money pit repair wise. Otherwise, ride it and maintain it until the end. Plus if you sell your car now, yes you get a chunk of cash... but then how do you drive to work? Then you would need to drive the SUV, and she's still driving the minivan, so no real gain for her. This also will leave the household with two cars that feel like "hers" and it will cause issues. 

&amp;#x200B;

Tell her that you're listening and you hear her, and you're going to do your best to consider every point she brings up, but she needs to do the same for you. There are emotional reasons at play - maybe having a personal vehicle just for her means that she feels autonomy and it makes her feel free, maybe she's worried about her friends making fun of her for going from a cool SUV to a minivan. Whatever the issue is, you have to figure it out and handle the issue without getting upset or agitated. I know it's super frustrating but she subconsciously probably has figured out that if she is annoying / stubborn about this and pushes your buttons, the argument gets dead-ended and she "wins" because nothing can be moved forward. So your main goal is to avoid being derailed and to actually have a proper discussion where you both understand each others motivations, limitations, etc.
&gt; I’ve tired getting her more involved in it but she just doesn’t seem to have any interest in it.

This is laughable to me. What you’ve done is created a system where she can continue to “not understand” that she is making bad financial decisions because you come in behind her &amp; adjust the rest of the budget to accommodate what she has already done. This is why it’s so important for both people in a relationship to be actively involved in the finances. If she isn’t involved, she can just feign ignorance - “but Husband, you always make it work out in the end, so I just don’t see why you can’t make this car payment work for us!” If she were involved, then she would have to admit that she’s asking you to throw away tens of thousands of dollars for this thing she wants &amp; couldn’t pretend she doesn’t understand what the problem is. But now, she just gets to make you out to be the bad guy that can’t make the budget work for her to keep her car. 

And for the record, I’m a woman that does 50/50 work on the household budget with my husband because I feel strongly that it’s important that we both see our monthly financial situation. Adult human beings are all capable of understanding basic financial stuff.
I feel like i have tried. We sat down to do the budgets before and she showed no interest during it. We started ynab because I thought that would be a good way to get her involved and get ya talking more about it. That has helped some. I do get what you are saying though and that is part of the problem. Any suggestions?
It’s more difficult now because you’re trying to change her engagement level. But have you talked with her about how important you feel it is for her to be engaged in finances? Like along the lines of, “You are an equal part of this marriage, so you need to be involved in our finances. I understand that it doesn’t come naturally or isn’t interesting to you, but this is a major part of managing our lives together, so I need you to learn this.” Again, way easier to make this a dealbreaker level issue before marriage than after, but it could be a starting place to discuss how important it is that she doesn’t just rely on you to do this.
I’ll bring this up. Thanks for your help.
If her priority is driving a car that she feels comfortable in and your priority is saving money, this actually seems like part of a decent compromise. I'm assuming your vehicle would sell for less than the $24,000 (minus interest) she has left to pay but she could get at least that? Why not agree that you will sell your vehicle and "buy" her SUV for the same price (minus any money the two of you could expect to make from selling her car after the loan was payed off); any additional money needed for her car repayment would come out of her "fun" budget. You get the SUV to drive to work and she is not stuck driving a car she hates all weekend. 

If she would agree to this compromise and you would not, she would not be the only one being a frivolous by keeping a third car in the family (she would still be more frivolous because her car has a higher cost, but your car has an opertunity cost too). 

I agree with her that when both SOs have different priorities, it is up to them both to compromise and you do not seem very willing to compromise because you are so invested in making the best finacially decision. 

Another option would be to sell both your cars and find a used vehicle to buy that you are both comfortable driving but would not have to go into debt to buy (also not necessarily the best finacially decision, but a fair compromise).
Thanks for the reply. We talked tonight and we are talking about selling both. My car is only worth like 6k so im hoping it will pay off close to the underwater difference. If we decide to keep the suv though I like your idea of me “buying” it.

Summary:
She doesn’t like my car and just wants to keep the suv.
I feel like i have tried.
If we both need a vehicle I can drive the van.
She wants to keep the suv for after work and on the weekends.
She says she does not like my car and likes driving the suv.
She has tried to see if they can just pay for her suv but they said they can’t.
She doesn’t see any of it so she just spends the money and I try to figure out how we will pay for it.
I do get what you are saying though and that is part of the problem.
I’m telling her we need to sell your SUV and pay off the difference.
I will try to keep money part of it to a minimum here.
This was part of what I said during our dispute that I’m the one that has to deal with how we are going to pay the bills.
This is a problem you have to work through because it shows that she doesn't trust you.
