Original Response:
Makes me think that once at the end of the runway, would the F16 win?  Looks like their "finish line" was before the F16 even took off!
F1 vs H2R makes sense but vs a F-16? That bitch is super Sonic and is gonna smoke both those bitches up.

Its like comparing a leopard vs a cricket, the cricket may move very quickly for a short burst but the leopard goes 80kmph
Kilometer miles per hour
kilometermeter per hour**
The F-16 is also 44 years old, at least on design.
I like bananas, but sometimes I have trouble spelling it. I forget how many ana's are necessary:  Bana...bananana...Fuck.
And the cougar is still hot AF.
[Shout out to that one song...](https://youtu.be/UqcONoahlmQ?t=7s)
F16 wasn’t using afterburners, probably because they weren’t authorized for that runway. An f16 with afterburners on is basically a rocket
Well exactly.  0-100 times, vs 0-400 times, will be, well, a little different.

It's still interesting to see that the bike beats a very fast F1, which should have amazballs acceleration!    One can GUESS a jet would as well, but...well, only when in the air already AT speed!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Stupid argument, everyone knows an f-16 is faster but it's fun to compare how fast it can get from a stand still to then end of the 1/2 mile compared to fast road vehicles. Jets take a few seconds build up thrust so they'll lose off the line and I doubt most people could guess who would win in a drag race so it's interesting to see in action. At least it would be if the editing wasn't so bad.
Jets have a lot of mass (a = F/m), and not as efficient a way to transmit their power into motion.
[deleted]
kilomiles*** per hour
Tell that to an SR-71.
Leopards run at a max speed of around 40 mph. You're a bit off. Converted, that puts it at 49.71 mph
I mean it would probably lose here too. It's set up for the bike to win.
Jet engines also take a few to several seconds to spool up. And from the video it isn't clear if the pilot already has the engine ran up and is on the brakes, if he goes full throttle from idle it's no kidding a few seconds.
So? It can still go faster than either of the two that beat it, it's just not built for drag racing.
But from a dead stop, channeling the power through physical contact is going to be much more efficient than relying purely on thrust/moving air to begin moving
Still going to be slower off the line, it's no carrier catapult launch
My point was, an F-35 is newer the Kawasaki is the top of the line in regards to speed and only been out a couple years.

Also if the F-16 did a short field takeoff it might have won. I don't fly the 16 but I'll text my F-15 friends and see if that's even a thing.

If there F-16 did a standing takeoff it would have won for sure since it just barely lost.

They did everything they could you have the bike win. I'm not knocking the Kawasaki, I'd love to ride one, but they chose an old jet with an engine that isn't spooled up, and kept the race short enough that the other vehicles couldn't catch up, which at least a couple would have.

That doesn't mean one is worse than the other, just different tools for different jobs.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
The car is pushing against the earth, and the jet is pushing against the air. I wasnt talking about the heat efficiency of the engines. I probably should have said effective instead of efficient.
Can a bike out run SAMs?
are you saying the jet with a top speed of 1500 mph would win given enough time? idk man H2Rs are pretty quick...
lol no
No silly, 80,000 mph
now that you mention SR-71... someone should post *the* story.
Aircraft always take off full power.  What being said there is full power and then mil power. Not sure which one they use. I see f-16 at my base always take offwith afterburner.
Mil power is 100% throttle with no afterburner.
Did you see that someone debunked it? Such a shame considering how cool it is.
WHAT? There was even a video with the actual guy telling the story!!! It was a lie?!
I'm not sure, some guy claimed that ATC don't announce ground speed checks the same way that was described in the story.

It looks like it's still debatable. [Here's a thread on it being false.](https://www.reddit.com/r/aviation/comments/6ns4vr/infamous_blackbird_story_is_false)

Summary:
I mean it would probably lose here too.
It's set up for the bike to win.
I see f-16 at my base always take offwith afterburner.
One can GUESS a jet would as well, but...well, only when in the air already AT speed!
Makes me think that once at the end of the runway, would the F16 win?
It looks like it's still debatable.
Jet engines also take a few to several seconds to spool up.
