Original Response:
My fiancé and I are so madly in love. We have been together for five years and we rarely had fights, we always find ways to make things go well between us. 

However, two days ago, I searched for his reddit username on google just for the hell of it. I found a confession made by him that he gets turned on by nurses working with him. He's a doctor. 

I was hurt and I confronted him with it, he said that it meant nothing, that he would never cheat on me and he loves me. It's a guy thing that I'll never understand. 

He also said that I should give him his personal space and that there are things that should be kept private even beween couples. 

Should I be alarmed? Is it considered cheating? 


TL;DR: my fiancé gets turned on by his female co-workers
Everything seems normal here. He can be in love with you and still find other women attractive – it's unreasonable to expect anyone to just shut that part of their brain off. You don't find other men attractive, ever?
I do. I just don't picture myself having sex with them to the point that I get turned on!
Being attracted to and being turned on by are the same thing. If you're attracted to someone, it's usually physical – especially if you don't know them personally to develop any other level of attraction.

Also, did he say he pictures himself having sex with them?
The process of being turned on for female is obviously different from male. As a female, to get turned on by someone, I have to picture him in my head, at least naked and doing things to me. And as I'm in a serious relationship, I block my mind from picturing such situations.
It might be different for you, but I'm sure plenty of females get turned on by physical attributes of men (and women for that matter) without having to picture them naked or being intimate.
Don’t generalize women. That’s how you are, and that’s perfectly fine but that isn’t how all women are.
It is not obviously different. I'm female and get turned on by hot guys just standing around all the time. It happens. All that matters is that you don't act on it.
Ehhhhhhh. I might agree with you if it was the random girl at the checkout counter. But these are his fuckin coworkers! Writing down your sexual feelings for your coworker in a public forum is against my HR policy, and even if it wasn't it is just kind of creepy... Of course you can't help who you're attracted to but you can certainly stop yourself from writing about it where anyone can see. Get a journal! Not a public internet forum.  

I'd be more offended by the bad judgement in publishing these thoughts than feeling insecure about my partner's attraction to me, if that makes sense.
The problem is that no one keeps their private thoughts to themselves anymore. It isn't a new thing, but it's just so easy to over share that everyone seems to do it without thinking twice.

Even if OP's BF used a journal, she still could've read it. In fact, she went out of her way to find his Reddit account. A lot of people use Reddit, Facebook, Instagram, Snap Chat, Twitter and whatever else as their platform for sharing things. So a guy thinks his coworkers are hot, that's not the worst thing in the world.

Should he have shared it on Reddit? Of course not, keep that shit to yourself, IMO, but it's still not abnormal to find people you spend every day with attractive.

That all being said, I agree with you about being offended by the bad judgement shown here on his part. I've ended up rambling a bit – my bad.
Sure, my whole thing is just: don't publish sexual thoughts about your coworkers. ITA that crushes happen, even in marriage.
Thank you, women don't understand both have nothing to do with each other. You can love a girl, be faithful and still find people attractive, it's just an observation and doesn't mean anything

Summary:
Being attracted to and being turned on by are the same thing.
TL;DR: my fiancé gets turned on by his female co-workers.
As a female, to get turned on by someone, I have to picture him in my head, at least naked and doing things to me.
You don't find other men attractive, ever?
It is not obviously different.
