Original Response:
So if you report a possible assault you lose "incentive points",  but you are not punished for reporting claims of assault? WTF is going on here:


&gt; the detainee was given a notice on Serco letterhead, signed by a welfare and engagement manager.

&gt; “This letter is to inform you that due to the assault incident in which you were involved on the 16.09.18, you are not eligible to obtain your 10 IAP incentive points for this week,” it said.

But...

&gt; “Detainees are not punished for reporting claims of assault and this detainee was not denied IAP points for reporting the incident you have described,” a spokesman for ABF said.
It's Serco
Kafka.gov.au
He was involved in an assault incident i.e. he assaulted someone. That why he is being punished.

He is not being punished for reporting a separate incident.
Has this been reported anywhere?
It's literally in the article.

&gt; “This letter is to inform you that due to the assault incident in which you were involved on the 16.09.18, you are not eligible to obtain your 10 IAP incentive points for this week,” it said.

As to whether said punishment is justified... I've no idea. I'm only going on the quotes from the article.

Edit: read /u/musclekoala's response, I'm ~~quite possibly~~ almost certainly wrong about the correct reading.
It doesn’t say the detainee assaulted anyone. “Involvement” could mean being the victim as well. 
In the absence of any mention of any seperate assault case, I read this “assault incident” to be the sexual assault reported by the detainee (the date mentioned also seems to line up).
Ah, fair point. It's a little ambiguous. I only read the article after reading /u/reified's comment so that's how I interpreted it. I'd be quite interested to find something more explicit.
&gt; Guardian Australia understands there is CCTV footage of the incident...

The incident they refer to is the guard allegedly assaulting the refugee.

There's no mention of footage of the refugee allegedly assaulting anyone else.

Smells fishy as fuck.
Oh god they've taken the no tolerance protocol from schools. Got beaten up, you're at fault for being there to be beaten up.
Sercunt?
Except here the teacher punches you in the head when you complain.

Summary:
He was involved in an assault incident i.e.
That why he is being punished.
He is not being punished for reporting a separate incident.
