Original Response:
Modern humans have been around for at least 40,000 years (some sources say 300,000), yet the first somewhat advanced civilizations came into existence around 3000 BC. If the humans living 40,000 years ago were just as intelligent as we are now, then why did it take humans at least over 30,000 years to organize societies like the Mesopotamian civilization where they used alphabet, built sophisticated buildings, roads and weaponry. It's kind of strange don't you think?
Some suggest that cataclysmic events in the Earths prehistory could have wiped out the trace of possibly undiscovered ancient civilizations. Think about how quickly we went from Benjamin Franklin with a kite, simply theorizing about electricity being used for energy, to a few hundred years later (or 12-15 generations if you think about it like that) we have super computers, are on the verge of AI, and are able to genetically alter our DNA. I don't think its crazy to assume that there have been advanced technological advances in ancient history that have been lost with time. And I'm pretty sure the estimates for modern humans is at least 100,000 years, with new evidence coming out every day pushing that date further back. The peopling of the americas is even under scrutiny right now with finds in [California](https://news.nationalgeographic.com/2017/04/mastodons-americas-peopling-migrations-archaeology-science/) and more pushing it back to even past 100,000 years.

In the words of Graham Hancock, "we are a species with amnesia" and I believe the whole of our understanding of ancient cultures lies in the shadows.
They couldn't be too advanced. Just see what our civilization would leave behind. Satellites would be extremely obvious. You would expect to find various metallic relics on Earth. You would expect to find many exploited resources underground. A rapid change in CO2 levels in the past would be easy to find. And so on.
Sure, if they used the same technology as us. But what if their culture was just advanced in a completely different way that we wouldn't understand?
Define "advanced" then. I wouldn't consider great wood tools advanced, no matter how good they are.
Unless it looked exactly like non-technological nature, it'd be pretty obvious
You don't understand what I mean. Maybe their culture was less materialistic and more focused on knowledge and spirituality. Just because they don't have machines or fun little gadgets doesn't mean they weren't advanced in their thinking and abilities. Perhaps they valued oral tradition over the perils of written texts ability to fall into the wrong hands. There are many possible reasons for why an advanced civilization outside our realm of understanding wouldn't have left behind your idea of advanced technology. Also, how much evidence would be left in an area such as [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzTRGECqgGY), where the landscape itself was devastated by flooding at the end of the last ice age?
&gt;Satellites would be extremely obvious.

Yes, this is a good one, even though depending on how many thousands of years we're talking there might not be any left because they will have lost speed and burned up in the atmosphere or crashed back to earth where they got burried. Do you happend to know how long the average satellite today would stay in orbit once it isn't maintained anymore? I'm curious.

&gt;You would expect to find various metallic relics on Earth.

Like what exactly and for how long?

&gt;You would expect to find many exploited resources underground.

Mines collapse and disappear. You wouldn't know about the missing recources if you don't know they were there in the first place.

&gt;A rapid change in CO2 levels in the past would be easy to find.

Yes, and if you look at the record we do find those too, but they can be explained through other natural processes as well. 

I'm not arguing for OPs ancient advanced civilization btw, but I think it's impossible to disprove it. Just like it's impossible to really disprove anything. I don't really see any reason to believe that there ever was such a civilization of course, because there isn't any proper evidence for it.
Our geostationary satellites are expected to stay in orbit for millions of years at least. Not in a perfect geostationary orbit but still in an orbit.

&gt; Like what exactly and for how long?

Everything, for a very long time (just gets harder to find over time). Remains of buildings, cars, tools, ... we would (will?) leave behind a geological layer of processed metals in many places.

&gt; Mines collapse and disappear. You wouldn't know about the missing recources if you don't know they were there in the first place.

But you do. We never exploit the full deposit. We take out the core where it is worth the effort and leave the rest. Finding hollow deposit for various resources would be very curious.

&gt; Yes, and if you look at the record we do find those too, but they can be explained through other natural processes as well. 

Nothing as rapid as currently.
&gt; Our geostationary satellites are expected to stay in orbit for millions of years at least. Not in a perfect geostationary orbit but still in an orbit.

Could you provide a source for that? I was of the opinion that they'd still be affected by ever so slight atmospheric drag. Impact with dust/debris/meteoroids might slow them down and push them off their orbit further over centuries. Wikipedia further says this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geostationary_orbit#Orbital_stability

&gt;Everything, for a very long time (just gets harder to find over time). Remains of buildings, cars, tools, ... we would (will?) leave behind a geological layer of processed metals in many places.

Yes, we are doing that now. Plastics for example last for a long time. Simple metal structures not so much. But things can fossilize and would then survive in the geological record for millions of years. Might be interesting to look into this, I only know of organic material fossilizing like wood and bones for example. 

&gt;But you do. We never exploit the full deposit. We take out the core where it is worth the effort and leave the rest. Finding hollow deposit for various resources would be very curious.

It's not as easy as it sounds. After sufficient time has passed it will be hard to tell what's natural and what man-made. These "hollow deposits" will collapse over time, or get filled up. Have a look at this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dike_(geology) There are many ways something like it can and does occur naturally. 

&gt;Nothing as rapid as currently.

I'm unsure if that's true as of now (you're probably confusing it with the predicitons), but it's also not really important for the argument. A previous advanced civilization might have been smarter than us and stopped emitting so many greenhouse gases before they even got to the point of a feedback loop of a shrinking albedo effect, increased permafrost methane release aso.
Atmospheric drag is completely negligible at geostationary orbit. [LAGEOS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAGEOS) is expected to stay in orbit for [about 8 million years](https://ilrs.cddis.eosdis.nasa.gov/missions/satellite_missions/current_missions/lag1_general.html) - at an altitude of just 5800 km.

&gt; Wikipedia further says this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geostationary_orbit#Orbital_stability

That part is about staying geostationary - above the same spot on Earth. The satellites won't do that long without fuel, but that is not what we are talking about.

&gt; Plastics for example last for a long time. Simple metal structures not so much.

Unlikely that plastics will last so long. Bacteria are evolving to break down some types of it already. Metals can stay for a long time. We should add glass to the list.

&gt; It's not as easy as it sounds.

I didn't say it is easy.

&gt; A previous advanced civilization might have been smarter than us and stopped emitting so many greenhouse gases before they even got to the point of a feedback loop of a shrinking albedo effect, increased permafrost methane release aso.

Sure, not every civilization must have increased the CO2 level. Just like not every civilization must have launched satellites, exploited ores, invented plastics and glass and so on. They are still potential things how such an earlier civilization could be studied today.
OK, interesting. I somehow thought the orbit would be less stable.

&gt;Unlikely that plastics will last so long. Bacteria are evolving to break down some types of it already. Metals can stay for a long time. We should add glass to the list.

Really depends on the exact material. There is no large scale breaking down of plastic by bacteria yet afaik. Most ends up in ocean sediment now. Some metals last long, others not so much. Glass isn't too bad.

In the geological record you'd also find traces of C14 and other radioactive isotopes if they had atomic bombs. And much more actually. If you find it an interpret it correctly that is. Geology is messy and we haven't come very far in that field yet.
&gt; There is no large scale breaking down of plastic by bacteria yet afaik.

Plastic has been around for ~150 years, and mass production started less than 100 years ago. Bacteria can be fast.

[Here is an example](http://science.sciencemag.org/content/351/6278/1196) - a bacterium that produces enzymes to break down PET (to use it as energy source) when it is present. Found near a bottle recycling center.

Summary:
Metals can stay for a long time.
&gt; Like what exactly and for how long?
&gt; Plastics for example last for a long time.
Plastics for example last for a long time.
Like what exactly and for how long?
You would expect to find various metallic relics on Earth.
You would expect to find many exploited resources underground.
&gt; Our geostationary satellites are expected to stay in orbit for millions of years at least.
Our geostationary satellites are expected to stay in orbit for millions of years at least.
&gt;You would expect to find various metallic relics on Earth.
&gt;You would expect to find many exploited resources underground.
