Original Response:
Full immersion water baptism is the point where a person becomes a Christian (comes in contact with the blood of Christ), and receives the gift of salvation. At no point before this is it possible for someone to be saved, or be biblically considered a Christian. 
Mark 16:16
Acts 2:38
Romans 6:3-11 
1 Peter 3:21
Acts 22:16
Acts 8:35-39
Titus 3:4-7
Matthew 28:19
-I will try my best to reply to every comment accordingly and with good response. If I do not answer immediately it is most likely because I am forming an adequate response to your comment or question. I want you to know I post this with best interests in mind. I want everyone to know the truth and I hold this position as being the truth and very biblically sound doctrine. I want to “contend earnestly for the faith” (Jude 3) and feel like this needs to be discussed. Please be civil and kind like Christians ought to be.
This is against what the bible teaches. And don't quote verses out of context any position can quote their verses.

To be saved, the only thing required from you is your desire for God. If you desire him, God will save you by revealing Jesus Christ to you.
What verses am I taking out of context? If you would like I could explain the context of a few you are confused about. And where are your verses for the “desiring God and He will save you by revealing Jesus to you”? I don’t see that anywhere in scripture, neither in example or explicit teaching.
Do you believe God is the one who saves or people are saved with what they do?
God 100% saves us, by His grace (Eph 2:8-9). But God’s grace is SUFFICENT, but it is CONDITIONAL. To inherit Gods grace thee are certain premises we must obey.
Can you list out what we need to obey, in order to be saved?
That's a null question, it's not works *or* faith. A Biblical understanding of salvation is works *and* faith.
Well I believe we can both agree on we need to hear, believe, repent, confess, to be saved. Those are all works too aren’t they? So why is baptism confused by so many?
&gt;Do you believe God is the one who saves or people are saved with what they do?

Baptism is something God does to us.
Repent is the only thing required from us, and it's a will/choice, not an action.
The bible rejects any work humans attempt to do to be saved.
I believe I can go and get baptized by myself.
How is a choice not considered an action? It is a conscience decision, you do not repent unwillingly. An action doesn’t have to be an outward physical gesture. Repentance is crucial, but not sufficient alone, must be accompanied by other things.
By action I meant something visible, something you can pretend to do.
&gt;The bible rejects any work humans attempt to do to be saved.

You should alert James.

James 2:21-26, "21 Was not Abraham our father justified by works when he offered up Isaac his son on the altar? 22 You see that faith was working with his works, and as a result of the works, faith was perfected; 23 and the Scripture was fulfilled which says, “And Abraham believed God, and it was reckoned to him as righteousness,” and he was called the friend of God. 24 You see that a man is justified by works and not by faith alone. 25 In the same way, was not Rahab the harlot also justified by works when she received the messengers and sent them out by another way? 26 For just as the body without the spirit is dead, so also faith without works is dead."
Believing is an action, and yet no one doubts for a second that believing isn’t essential. If faith alone saves, without any works then you are “saved” by a dead faith, according to James 2:26.
Yes the bible teaches faith will produce works.

But it rejects works to be saved.

Let me know if you need passages for the rejection part.
Repentance is done in the heart. Only God sees it.

Belief is also done in the heart. Only God sees it.

These are not actions that you can pretend to do.
&gt;Yes the bible teaches faith will produce works.

That's not in the Bible. Find me the verse that says faith produces works.

James says that without works faith is null. And of course we know that without faith works are null. Works *and* faith are both necessary for salvation.
Baptism is a reaction to belief and repentance. The Ethiopian Eunuch heard Jesus preached to him, asked “What hinders name from being baptized?” Philip said “If you believe with all your heart you may.”  And so he was baptized accordingly (Acts 8)
Actually I would quote James too. He is saying if you claim to have faith, you have to have the works because faith produces works.
Yeah after being saved we can testify with baptism.
Acts 2:38, 1 Peter 3:21 says that we are saved  when we enter the waters of baptism. Not before
Please quote the verse. That's not what he is saying he says, "You see that a man is justified by works and not by faith alone." And, "For just as the body without the spirit is dead, so also faith without works is dead."
He was saying believe in Jesus and then you will testify.
Yeah, so if someone claims faith but has no works (which Jesus called fruits) the person is lying.
How do you get that from those verses?
Because verses should be understood within context.
&gt; believe I can go and get baptized by myself.

It is a work of God.
Fruits and works are different. Paul refers to workings of the Spirit and fruits of the Spirit as different things.

No, the person isn't lying, they very well may have faith, but their faith is dead and ineffective for salvation.
Ok let me rephrase. In context, how do you get that from those verses? Peter preaches in Acts 2 that they had crucified the son of God with lawless hand, they were pricked to the heart because of this, and asked the simple question, “What shall we do?” Peter tells them, “Repenga and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ FOR the forgiveness of your sins; and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.” That is the context, and instead of supporting your argument it completely refutes it.
If I decide to go and get baptized, it's my work.
I believe the fruit of the Spirit is our good work.
A context means immediate passage and also the overall bible message.

Baptism doesn't have a necessity in God's original plan for mankind.
&gt;If I decide to go and get baptized, it's my work.

False. Baptism is not *your* work. God's grace moves people to baptism. You are being arrogant if you think it's *your* work.
Please explain how that philosophy of yours fits into, say, 1 Peter 3:21. Or Romans 6. Or Titus 3. Or Mark 16:16. You keep saying I am taking things “out of context”, and yet you have yet to use a single verse to support your points. You have essentially no context for your arguments, and therefore no foundation without the proper use of scripture.
I don't believe baptism was a question when the bible was written. The problem was circumcision which has some passages that will provide all the verses required to learn that rituals are not part of God's plan for salvation.
The fruit of the Spirit are all relational terms to help us function in the new family of God, the Church. You can't grow the fruit of the Spirit by work, it's grace. There are things you can do to foster the development of the fruit of the Spirit, but it isn't our work. Our works are acts of righteousness and justice.

Micah 6:8, "He has told you, O man, what is good;
And what does the Lord require of you
But to do justice [mishpat], to love kindness [chesed],
And to walk humbly with your God?"
I didn't say you can grow the fruit of the Spirit by work. I said it's the works themselves. Which the Holy Spirit produces by changing our heart.
The passages that refute circumcision are directed at the people of that time period who were “weak in conscience” and still followed bits  and pieces from the Old Law. But since Christ “nailed the Old Law to the cross”, it is no longer necessary. However, if “rituals” aren’t important in the New Law, the why do the NT writers stress them so much? Why is the Lords supper stressed as so important if it doesn’t matter? Why is baptism mentioned at all as “saving” you so many times if it didn’t matter? That logic won’t hold up
None of the NT authors stressed rituals as part of salvation. Actually you could say they stressed it because rituals are not part of salvation and it might lead some to abandon them completely.
1 Corinthians 11 - Paul stresses the Lords supper.
Romans 6 - Paul’s stresses baptism 
1 Peter 3 - Peter stresses baptism 
Galatians 3:26 - Paul’s stresses baptism 

Acts 2:38, 4:4, 8:12, 8:36 (I could go on) - Baptism is stressed

Summary:
Baptism is not *your* work.
I believe the fruit of the Spirit is our good work.
I said it's the works themselves.
It is a work of God.
But it rejects works to be saved.
Works *and* faith are both necessary for salvation.
James says that without works faith is null.
Find me the verse that says faith produces works.
That's a null question, it's not works *or* faith.
Fruits and works are different.
If I decide to go and get baptized, it's my work.
