Original Response:
For the last 5 days I've been trying to refresh the app for about 20 times every a couple of hours.

I didn't give 1 star rating to the buggy app because "they'll probably fix it, we still have 1 month after all".

Hell, I even used my real facebook and instagram accounts.
Yesterday when I was finally able to actually link my facebook and instagram accounts I felt hope.

But now, after they annonced they changed the promotion and made it so the free dlc is limited only to the US - after all the time I wasted - I can't but feel deceived, angry and sad.
Don't worry, the Event was a complete success! I bet they're already selling your data, they don't give a flying fuck where you're from in that regard
Imagine giving away personal information without batting an eye for a skin.
Selling your personal data for a skin is OK.


Selling your personal data for a skin and after 5 days you're being told that they don't want sell it to you because you're not an US citizen is NOT, especially since they already have (and are using) your personal information
Time to invoke GDPR.
thats probably the best way to go because that WILL cause them tons of extra work
How do I do this. I'm a fucked off Brit that wants to give them hassle
you better hurry, then
[deleted]
As a Brit you should have been annoyed right from the start.


These Kung Fu heretics seem to think that tea needs fifteen different ingredients and is served in a plastic cup with a straw. As far as I’m aware that’s a hanging offence on its own. The whole code fiasco is just adding insult to injury.
Lol. I hate tea. Hang me!
We should hang you just for drinking Echo Falls...
Lol. I couldn't think of a user name all those years ago. So looked at my desk for inspiration
&gt; Selling your personal data for a skin is OK.

Would you give away your personal data every time you go to the grocery store?

Nowadays people don't understand the value of privacy.
It's amazing how casual people are with data that makes it really easy to steal their identities with a little more work. 

Course, in America, Equifucking _lost_ that for 1/3rd of us.
It's bubble tea, which is an Asian thing and tea began as an Asian thing in the first place. You Brits seem to forget that. :\^)
[deleted]
I'm a german coffee drinker and I concur that what they're doing to ... "tea" ought to be a punishable offense.
I think with Alexa, Google Home, Google Assistant, Siri and Cortana, that ship has sailed. honestly it should be just about to reach Alpha Centauri, that's how far it has sailed. :(
Wasn't that the court thing where a woman in a Monopoly suit tried to give them money? :D
^Shhh ^we ^don't ^talk ^about ^that.
&gt; Would you give away your personal data every time you go to the grocery store?

no, just once (the first time, they will keep it up to date from there)
You mean to say we got Zucced?
I really hope everyone has the common sense to maintain a "burner" / "promotional" Facebook account.
Every time you pay with a credit card or cash card or anything other than cash you give away your data.
Joke's on you, friend: The promotion isn't for the EU. ^(:\) :\))
Considering they match your buying habits to your credit card. chances are you do.
Bah, per person Irish people drink more tea than the Brits.

Visitor comes over, pop on the kettle. 
Something good happens, pop on the kettle.  
Something bad happens, pop on the kettle.
Dinnertime, pop on the kettle....
It's only sailed if you give in. I for one will never buy any of those assistants, I can turn things on and off by myself.

Don't give in to "peer pressure", some of which is clearly artificial and manufactured by the same people trying to sell you a product. Things will start to get really ugly in the future through biochips "that everyone uses so why don't you too", while anonymity is banned "because it's dangerous".
Yeah, the idea of "personal data" at this point is just so much fear mongering.

Your info is out there, like it or not. Your only decision at this point is whether you want "royalties" on it via shit like this promo. 

That data is too valuable for companies to keep their hands off it, so no matter what you do, unless you cut yourself off from modern society completely, your data is being gathered, used, and commoditized.
Which is why they have limited the rewards to US customers.
we already do, it's called fidelity card
Well that's the thing, initially the promotion was not only for US, and under the new regulations in EU you are not allowed to change the conditions of such promotions after activating them (or something like that).
Fully right. Dark Net @ netflix for everyone else.
Idk about USA but yes, it baffles me how we went from "omg the government is spying on us" to "omg those pixles, here take everything, just don't tell me employer i watch midget porn"
Thats not tea, thats liquified cakes, good for elderly people without teeth ;)
[deleted]
snuggle time with wife, pop the kettle. wake up pop the kettle.
Rip downvotes for truth. You can try to minimize it in some ways, but we as people in the modern age leave a paper trail pretty much everywhere we go for almost anything we do. At this point I would actually consider true privacy in the way most people want it in today's times to be a dead concept, it's mostly a mental comfort. Whatever helps anyone sleep at night, in the end.
Sorry fellow, but bubble tea has been a thing for a long time. It's not just Kung Fu; I had a pleasant cup at a place called Teamate in Düsseldorf. And if the coffee I had in Germany is any indication, you're in no position to grouse :)
Bubble tea, 珍珠奶茶 (zhen zhu nai cha) or 波霸奶茶 (bo ba nai cha), is a Taiwanese tea drink using tea, flavors/milk, and tapioca pearls that's been around for 30-40 years

So Kung Fu Tea isn't responsible for inventing bubble tea, it's been around for a while
Yeah I was about to say this. The arrogance of some of the British is astounding.
Colonizers thinking they invented the shit.
It's true that people these days have less value for their privacy (hello facebook), but you literally already give away your info every time you swipe a bank card at a register.
&gt; banned "because it's dangerous"

a lot of that going around lately
Change what dangerous/hateful means, and you'll control the world.

Summary:
It's only sailed if you give in.
&gt; Would you give away your personal data every time you go to the grocery store?
Selling your personal data for a skin is OK.
Yeah I was about to say this.
How do I do this.
I bet they're already selling your data, they don't give a flying fuck where you're from in that regard.
Something good happens, pop on the kettle.
Dinnertime, pop on the kettle....
