Original Response:
At least that's more interesting than old people complaining about the overgrown lawn a couple streets over. Pretty creepy though.
Ours is all lost/found dogs and people trying to get neighbors to do expensive service work for free
[removed]
A glorious shitshow erupted in ours a few weeks ago when somebody posted complaining about noise coming from the motocross track near their house. The track has been there for like 40 years and dirtbikes are a pretty big thing in our community. A lot of mechanics live in our town, my fiance included. Then somebody checked the person's history and found out he had posted before that trying to get people to go to a city hall meeting with him in an attempt to get the track shut down. People were not kind to him and he ended up getting very upset in the comments. We have a huge drug problem in our town (the NYT even did an article about the burgeoning heroin epidemic in rural California that mentioned us specifically) and a lot of people love that they can get their kids into racing that gives them something nondrug related to do on weekends and over summer. This guys was big mad though that he had to hear the races on Sundays instead of "the sounds of nature". As far as I know people are still tearing him a new one in the comments.
Are you far in NorCal by any chance? This sounds like NorCal culture through and through and if it is, lol @ expecting quiet by any racetrack!!
Service work as in?
There's always those people.  We had one complaining about air traffic.  Very little sympathy for her when you have to drive up to the direct perimeter of an Air Force base in order to enter the neighborhood.  One that's been there for over 90 years.  "Can we do something about all of the aircraft flying overhead???"  
"Like what?? Close down a military base or do you mean shut down the international airport?  Why did you buy a house here?"
Does anyone redo driveways?  I don't want to pay someone if we have someone in house!  

Any carpenters out there?  We need a deck built.  I'll buy the wood!

If anyone has roofing experience, send me a message.  The hailstorm got us good and these contractors are expensive as hell.  Greedy smh.
holy hell what a nightmare, lol

i would find out what that guy does for work and somehow figure out a way to ask him to do that type of work for you for free and just see what he says
It's a bunch of people.  You can only ignore them.  If you try and explain that this is their livelihood and how these people make money, they try to turn it on you with a lecture on being a good community member or "they volunteer all the time for HOA projects!"  If other people echo your thoughts, they just rage out with shit like "DELETING NOW, SO MUCH FOR GOOD NEIGHBORS" and shit like that.
I mean, not to be a downer but if there's a burgeoning heroin problem in your town then there's definitely drug deals happening at those  Sunday races. Just saying, nothing's as pure as you're making it sound.
I stopped myself from commenting a few minutes ago but now I'm convinced we are neighbors.
What an asshat. 

I'm sure r/HobbyDrama would love to hear your story, if you can add screenshots or articles, even better :D
Sweet!  See you at poker!
I'd love to attend but I'm all out of cards, chips, and money.  Any neighbors willing to help me out since I volunteer for HOA stuff all the time??

So much for for neighbors....
I sure as shit am! Right smack in Humboldt
Wow, I didn't even know that was a subreddit
Yeah, it's only a few months old. Was created because of an r/askreddit thread iirc.

Can definitely recommend reading through it though, especially the Clam Chowder Drama :)
From being military and a military spouse my entire adult life, I have heard and read so many complaints about air traffic, military equipment being transport, etc. One girl on the town Facebook page even posted about a convoy driving down the highway asking if the US was at war....how do you move to a small town in the middle of nowhere and not know there's a base?
Why is this true across the country for this app?
&gt; dirtbikes are a pretty big thing in our community.

What part of the state are you from, so I can stay the hell away?
Because it's how people act everywhere.
Better than the local quarter-daily gunshot report... Sure glad I don't live in South Minneapolis anymore
Oh, man. I was stationed at Cannon as my last base, commonly known as the worst base in the USAF (or tied with Minot). Everyone there fucking hates it. The locals generally hate the military and complain a lot despite the base being pretty much the only industry in the area. It was actually supposed to get shut down years ago, but the local government petitioned to keep it open and, due to changes made to keep it open, local landlords raised their prices and pissed off the locals even more.
Can't forget the housewives with their MLM products
Humboldt, please do stay away
[removed]

Summary:
I sure as shit am!
We had one complaining about air traffic.
So much for for neighbors....
It's a bunch of people.
The track has been there for like 40 years and dirtbikes are a pretty big thing in our community.
I stopped myself from commenting a few minutes ago but now I'm convinced we are neighbors.
