Original Response:
Hi, I’m Soraya Chemaly, a writer and activist focused on the role gender plays in culture, politics, religion and media. I am the Director of the Women’s Media Center [Speech Project](http://www.womensmediacenter.com/speech-project/), which is dedicated to raising public and media awareness about online harassment. I also recently appeared in a documentary film about online harassment called [Netizens](https://www.netizensfilm.com/).

My new book [Rage Becomes Her: The Power of Women’s Anger](https://www.amazon.com/Rage-Becomes-Her-Power-Womens/dp/1501189557/ref=sr_1_1_twi_har_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1538146992&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=rage+becomes+her) explores all of the ways women are forced to resist their rage and how this affects them in many areas of life. Since rage is really the most powerful tool we have, I urge women to embrace their anger and harness it as a tool for lasting personal and societal change.

I’d love to answer any questions about rage, but I also write and speak often about wider issues related gender, media, tech, education, women's rights, sexual violence and free speech.

Please ask me anything!

Proof:

[https://twitter.com/schemaly/status/1045670855638994944](https://twitter.com/schemaly/status/1045670855638994944)

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: I'm about to sign off. Thank you for all of your questions!
Hi Soraya,

What was your impression of yesterday's hearings? There certainly has been a lot of rage both within and about the proceedings.

Softball question, I know.

Thanks!
LOL, thank you for the softball. Kavanaugh threw what appeared to be a rage-filled, histrionic tantrum. While being evaluated for a position requiring the utmost judiciousness, calm affect and reasoned thought, he flagrantly displayed a frightening and belligerent lack of control. His way long self-defense careened from pugnacious indignance to barely bridled and sometimes contemptous rage. At one point, asked by Senator Amy Klobochar (D-Minn) if he’d ever been black-out drunk (not an unreasonable inquiry under the circumstances) Kavanaugh lashed out, “Have you?” In between, Kavanaugh cried. Ford, while admittedly “terrified” at the prospect of testifying and almost certainly feeling a startling range of emotions,  maintained a cool and collected composure. Throughout her statement, questions and answers, she was polite, undemanding, “collegial” (as she put it) and, while she visibly struggled, did not cry.  Had she cried, she would have almost certainly been accused, in the now not so dark and not so cornered part of the media world, of pretense, crocodile tears and “playing a gender card.”   Kavanaugh was able to cry, rage and even sneer at a Senator without serious penalty, and indeed with reward, because as a man he is considered inherently more rational, constitutionally more capable of reasoning and intrinsically less subject to his emotions. Ford, on the other hand, had to carefully navigate the fact that as a woman her display of feelings – anger, resentment, and indignance at insult or threat – would be weaponized to undermine her every word.  Like women everywhere, Ford seemed to know that whatever she did, crying was not an option, because every tear you shed washes away another layer of fragile authority you may have, even over your own experiences.  In some ways, the double standard comes down, lol, to the enduring difference between the words "seminal" and "hysterical," words easily used to help Kavanaugh and hurt Ford.  It's frustrating that we are still seeing this all played out and in such blunt terms.
What a completely fair and unbiased answer from the author of  
&gt;Rage Becomes Her: The Power of Women’s Anger
of course it's somewhat biased, everything is. that's such a strange thing to point out unless you came on this ama with a bias against women. It's her opinion on how she viewed the proceedings.
[removed]
Everything is, you're correct. Just as I and you would and should be noted for our bias's, so should everyone.
Not everyone is noted for their bias though, especially when it's obvious. You noting the bias on this occasion is clearly just reactionary to a woman speaking about gender things. I'd imagine that you'd go out of your way to make similar comments in any similar amas.
LOL
&gt; You noting the bias on this occasion is clearly just reactionary to a woman speaking about gender things.

That is because this is in fact, a female talking about gender issues. 

If it was a male talking about gender issues and cited yesterdays hearing with compassion to the male and spoke with more negative terms towards the female **despite** nothing more than anecdotal evidence, I too would mention it.  
 
So yes you're correct, had I been reading an AMA with the roles reversed I would say something, my problem isn't the persons gender it's blind bias.
What I describe is excessively well documented. Studies repeatedly show that men are rewarded for displays of anger and women are punished for them. Anger confirms gender roles in men, confounds them in women. So when women display anger it is often seen, implictly, as transgressive and policed. Because it is associated with masculinity, anger can use strategically used by men politically in ways that women are barred, generally, from.
I'm not discounting research, when it's applied correctly and appropriately.  

It would be extremely difficult and and almost insurmountable task to be able to compile every last piece of information regarding the audience to yesterdays hearing, using past research and documentation in my opinion doesn't reflect in any useful way to yesterday.

Just as there was undoubtedly those who conform to your assertions, there are just as many if not more who do not. This past decade (especially since the turn of the century) has seen the most rapid progression of information alongside technology, a growing understanding that an evolution in behaviors was necessary.  

There will be the extremes that still hold on to the old ways, the prejudices and views. But you do a huge disservice to those who were able to watch yesterdays hearing with a small part or relatively open mind, who aren't judging people they don't know by their emotions or lack there of.  

 
For the foreseeable future be saddled with those who shout loudest are often heard from the most, but they are the minority thankfully.

Summary:
Thank you for all of your questions!
Anger confirms gender roles in men, confounds them in women.
You noting the bias on this occasion is clearly just reactionary to a woman speaking about gender things.
Just as I and you would and should be noted for our bias's, so should everyone.
LOL, thank you for the softball.
