Original Response:
I need lasic after reading that font
This is like, the least offensive non-standard font i've ever seen in one of these. It's actually readable.
I felt like having a seizure that whole conversation.
This kind of font slows down the reader and shouldn't ever be used.
The font is super easy to read, I don't know what everyone is complaining about.
If you eat crayons, yeah, it probably is.
It could be a tumor
HOW'D YOU KNOW!?
It was the purple *combined* with the font that made it painful for me.
Didn't help, and now i'm pooping rainbows
It’s not a tumor
[removed]
It's not a tumour. At all.
I don't even understand this and how did you get your texts to appear like a messenger chat head?
Right?
You can actually text over messenger on Android. It shows up like a regular messenger chat but it texts (I think through a web service) from your number
Messenger has an SMS option, I believe
Ew no thanks, I'd rather Facebook not have access to my actual text messages.
Oh hell no lol I don't even like messenger by itself
Yeah, I don't use it for SMS. Messenger feels a bit crowded and resource heavy to me sometimes but I still use it. There's also a Messenger Lite app as well that strips away a lot of the extras.
Maybe ill look into that. I dislike the access messenger has to information.. Also your username is gr8
Right? Every time they ask me to merge my SMS I'm like "Nice try, Facebook..."  


I don't even have the messenger or Facebook apps on my phone anymore. Screw that shit.
Then why did you ask
Yeah, they make me hesitant but most of them make sense if you want to use their features. Want to import contacts from your phone? It needs access your contacts to do that. Want to send pictures? It needs access to your files/camera. Want to use voice-to-text? It needs your mic. Want to make a call using Messenger? It needs to be able to access your phone function. You can disable the permissions individually in Settings on Android or deny it in-app, you just won't be able to use a lot of those functions. Given Facebook's track record on privacy, I can understand anyone being wary though.
Because I thought it'd be pretty convenient for my texts to appear that way.
Truth. I sadly had to switch to Apple for now   
:(
But... If yoy hate messenger why would you want it to be through messenger?
Ah, well, you should still be able to manage app permissions on an iPhone as well. Check here: [https://www.wired.com/story/how-to-check-app-permissions-ios-android-macos-windows/](https://www.wired.com/story/how-to-check-app-permissions-ios-android-macos-windows/) and scroll down to iOS App Permissions
Yeah I didn't think anyone used that shit
I didn’t know it was through messenger when I posted the original comment
Thanks
Am I mentally deficient? What’s the context to this?
Just going off the super limited context we got, OP seems to be named Rhylee and the other person seems to be texting OP thinking they're a different Rhylee that they know. 

That's about it really.  

EDIT; Nvm, am also mentally deficient, OP isn't named Rhylee and the other dude just has the wrong number I guess? Still not particularly cringe, shit happens all the time.
&gt; Am I mentally deficient?

me too
OMG so kriinnggee
So why exactly is that cringe?
Don't ask me, ask OP! Honestly I've got no idea.
That name and spelling is fucking stupid.
because getting a wrong number is one thing... that happens and it's not a big deal nor is it cringy..

the cringe is being told you have the wrong number and then continuing to insist over what I assume were multiple messages that the person who just told you that you got the wrong number is a liar.
How has this 100+ points currently with 84% upvotes?
But it's cringe when the person texting the wrong number refuses to acknowledge that it's a wrong number.
Young Reezy?
This guy gets it
I think the cringe is that the person texting can’t/won’t understand that they have the wrong number
This guy didn’t explain
[removed]
Sometimes I think people just upvote titles, even when the titles need context to make even a shred of sense.
[removed]
What ever Rhylee i'm done.
That's something Rhylee would say.
Shhhh, don't tell him
this guy has poor reading comprehension
Happy birthday 🎈
What’s wrong with the name? The spelling sure, but Riley (typical spelling) is not that out there.
we're all mentally deficient on this blessed day
Oh whoa I didn’t even realize! Thanks!
Sometimes I think people upvote things they don't understand so they feel like they're "in the know" too.
I thought it was 2 people hunting down a certain Rhylee by singling in on all the local Rhylees’. THAT would have been true cringe
[deleted]
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beb8zCGMsbI
the real cringe is not leaving it at "wrong number."

Summary:
Yeah, I don't use it for SMS.
I think the cringe is that the person texting can’t/won’t understand that they have the wrong number.
It needs access your contacts to do that.
I don't even understand this and how did you get your texts to appear like a messenger chat head?
Yeah I didn't think anyone used that shit.
Don't ask me, ask OP!
I need lasic after reading that font.
You can actually text over messenger on Android.
Want to make a call using Messenger?
