Original Response:
It's funny. Vitalik is the one known as being a genius yet he wasn't the one smart enough to realize an active creator/messiah/leader is a baaaaaad idea.
Vitalik is a GRU asset.  Eth is a Russian plot to overthrow the western financial system.
source?
The world around me?

I’m surprised more haven’t put it together tbh.
[deleted]
Lol I've considered this myself, wouldn't put anything past the Russians.  It's clear Ron Paul's audit the fed and implement the gold standard (which is so popular in these crypto subs) is their baby.  However I haven't seen anything yet to indicate Vitalik is working for them.  The Russians do like their crypto tho as it makes for great money laundering and bypassing sanctions.
Couldn't the same could be said about Satoshi/BTC?
In what ways would reimplementing the gold standard benefit Russia?
Destroying America's economy would be great for its adversaries.
I mean Vitalik is Russian after all.  Do you really think anyone owns their own intellectual property is Russia?  Everything filters thru the state from education, to the news, to the corporations.

It makes much more sense that Vitalik was supported early on from the GRU and strings were pulled to increase integration.

You only need look at Russia’s sophisticated disinformation campaigns in Western Democracies around the world to put 2 and 2 together.
America has had consistently about 60-75 percent of the entire world's gold reserves in the last 20 or so years.
Ya I see all that but so far he seems also consistent with someone who just got away from Russia and wants to do his thing academic work here.  I'm not saying he's not GRU I'm just saying I'm not 100% on it yet, I'm watching him with suspicious eyes though.
I'm on the same tip, but uh... It's not working well atm.
&gt;  It's clear Ron Paul's audit the fed and implement the gold standard (which is so popular in these crypto subs) is their baby.

Audit the Fed is popular, sure, but there was a reason we couldn't stick to the gold standard itself. I think a lot more in this sub would just say algorithmic money is straight up superior, but that if fiat is "backed" by anything it should be a basket of commodities, not just any one metal.

Plus, what does Russia have to do with sound money? Their fiat deserves to be just as worthless. I think you're seeing ghosts and being unwilling to admit that plenty of us in the West have serious problems with the military-industrial complex and rent-seeking among corporate conglomerates.

It's pretty sad if US intelligence now equates sound money advocates with some bygone enemy from the past. It's like the entire DoD still hasn't moved past the Dulles era and still thinks international intervention comes without blowback. To these deluded sorts of individuals, the only reason they see any sort of disagreements from true blooded Americans is because they have to have had some sort of payment from "the enemy". Please, wake up and look at the state of the country from someone not sucking on the spigot of defense spending for once and realize how hard it is to make a living when your government is spending more than it makes, it shouldn't be a surprise that its fiat is dead/dying.
Yep, the Russians are the only reason anyone would want to audit the Fed or reimplement a gold standard. Has nothing to due with restoring a sound monetary system or anything. Get a grip dude.
And it has been, but it doesn’t matter. Bitcoin can’t be controlled without a reverse SHA. Ethereum has to be centrally controlled through upgrades to be functional. 

There is a lot of stuff in the code that ensures this.
Yes, anyone would be foolish to think that bitcoin was purely a collaboration of publicly private people, and not an entity propping it up.

I mean, it might be true either way, but it is foolish to declare one is correct over the other. 

Unless you *know things*.



ETH always seemed to me to be a puppet tool, but whatever vitalik's mental conditions are that position him as some sort of spectrum savant seem genuine.

Besides, once these are "in the wild" you can't really suppress them anyway, which is the point.
so are you saying it's improbable that a cryptocurrency can exist WITHOUT that influence? What would that influence even present itself? It's just another crypto. 

The only way it makes sense is if russia can "hack" eth and not bitcoin, and  u.s.real can do the same to BTC but not eth...

Stating that eth is positioned to undermine western economy... uh... doesn't all crypto?
ethat'll teach 'em!

people in this thread are just shitposting, btw. eth undermines the US no more than any other crypto does, and the only one that was ever blocked was the venezuelan shitcoin by executive order. With even a whiff of ETH poison well it would just not last. 

It's amazing to me that people don't seem to think these ideas of "russian influence and subterfuge" through. The GDP of the US is 18.57 trillion, russia is 1.283, under even Canada. 

I just don't get this sentiment that russia is even relevant anymore. it's like a echo from a fart from the 1950s. THAT'S the enemy? PFfft.
Yeah, I mean if Russia went on the gold standard it might make lessen the value of the dollar...but I can't imagine by any meaningful amount. If other countries did at once, maybe it would be more meaningful. Very unlikely, though.

Still, destroying America's economy by one country going on the gold standard is far-fetched.
I’d say if the majority of the major bag holders are Russian oligarchs/assets then you can see how the market can be manipulated.

Summary:
I mean Vitalik is Russian after all.
Yep, the Russians are the only reason anyone would want to audit the Fed or reimplement a gold standard.
It's clear Ron Paul's audit the fed and implement the gold standard (which is so popular in these crypto subs) is their baby.
In what ways would reimplementing the gold standard benefit Russia?
&gt;  It's clear Ron Paul's audit the fed and implement the gold standard (which is so popular in these crypto subs) is their baby.
Plus, what does Russia have to do with sound money?
