Original Response:
[deleted]
No one? Nah, someone will. It won't be me though. Won't pay more to a corrupt government monopoly when I can get it cheaper on the black market and still have shatter included in my order. Id rather support independent local growers than big corporate douchebags who need to use government to strong arm us. 

Jodi Emery has a great list of all the big cannabis execs who were former prohibitionist in conservative governments, police and religious lobby groups. Fuck all of them. I'll stick to what I know and pay less for it.
lol, that "list" jodie has is not even close to accurate. That woman is a certified liar and nutjob. even her husband calls her a whiner.
"citation needed"
But, but, but, everyone said legalize it, tax it and we will support it; tax revenue can be used for support and programs.

 I guess what you really meant was we want to do whatever we want to do.
Not everyone said legalize it and tax if. Those of us who knew what government was like wanted decriminalization because we didn't want them to seize control of the market and shut out the very people who built it in the first place which is exactly what they've done. 


We wanted liberty, not government monopolies.
So the marijuana industry should be the only industry in Canada that isn't taxed? That sounds reasonable.
You seem to confuse monopolies with taxation.
No I'm not. You want to buy from your local dealer because they don't charge taxes. Same as you can buy from a tobacco bootlegger or an alcohol bootlegger and not pay taxes.
No I want the market to be controlled by supply and demand, not government supply and pricing controls. Equal opportunities for merchants, growers and consumers. I fully expect to pay taxes on it as I do with anything else. My "dealer" charges me 5 percent HST currently as it is an online dispensary.
If your supplier is good, they can sell in licensed shops the same as everyone else. You simply don't want to pay the taxes. If your dealer is charging HST, you are already paying into the corrupt government!
You're missing the point entirely. The government sets the prices, decides the suppliers and who is allowed to distribute, leaving plenty of doors open for corruption. 

The taxes aren't the issue, the monopolization of the industry by the government is the issue. Again, you confuse monopolies with taxation. 

There is no guarantee for good growers or distributors to be allowed to compete, nor can they compete as the government sets the prices, I seriously don't understand how you fail to grasp this concept. It'd be as if the government decided who was allowed to sell Pepsi and made everyone sell it for the same price and then imposed purchasing limits. That's not a free nor is it a fair market.
The same can be said for alcohol, tobacco, gasoline, milk and many other items to some degree depending on what province you live in. There are sin taxes involved in tobacco and alcohol, you honestly thought it would be different with marijuana?
Of course not, did you not read the first post I made? Jesus h. Again, you're confusing taxation with monopolies. Further to that point, the so called "sin" taxes associated with alcohol are controlled by government through their respective provincial monopolies with the exception of beer in a couple of provinces - most notably Quebec. 

Supply control on milk is robbing the average Canadian for the benefit of wealthy dairy farmers and their respective corporate cartel. 

Not sure why advocating for more freedom in the market for the benefit of all Canadians would ever be a bad thing regardless.

If you were part of the community and worked in advocacy as I have you might have half a hope at understanding the issue, but clearly you're incapable of grasping the most basic of points related to this usurpation.
I'm just not a delusional idiot who thought that the government would throw open the gates to any idiot who could grow a plant. You wanted legal marijuana, you got it. Now you're just pissy because you wanted it delusioanlly with no controls.

Grow the fuck up!
Again, this is not what the community was advocating for. You're the one that's delusional clearly. Wilfully ignorant people are the worst.
Lots of people were advocating for it! It's just your select group that wanted to keep buying from your tax free dealers and for it to be legalized.
Next time you go to your junior high social studies class, ask your teacher to explain the difference between a government controlled monopoly and taxation.
Next time your in your kindergarten class, ask your teacher not to take away your glue; you haven't finished eating it yet.
Buddy if I wanted cum back from you id kiss your mother.
You so witty. Stop being a whiny bitch and come live on the real world.
&gt; The government sets the prices, 

You've said this numerous times. It's not true. The government does not set prices. 



&gt;decides the suppliers and who is allowed to distribute

Yes, through licensing like literally any other regulated industry.
&gt; this is not what the community was advocating for

There is no 'the community'. Your little circle of friends do not speak for all cannabis consumers.
Spoken like someone outside of the circle. Go ahead and find me five legalization advocates who asked for government monopoly on sale and production. I'll wait here.
The government sets the prices as the government controls the sale, supply and distribution. 

Government monopolies are immoral and doomed to be defied. Keep up.

Summary:
The government does not set prices.
You simply don't want to pay the taxes.
Not everyone said legalize it and tax if.
You want to buy from your local dealer because they don't charge taxes.
Again, you confuse monopolies with taxation.
No I want the market to be controlled by supply and demand, not government supply and pricing controls.
We wanted liberty, not government monopolies.
