Original Response:
[removed]
I am not conservative by any means, and I am not a Christian or religious in any way, but I think society has gone way too far with permissive behaviour.  We now live in a time where society says that anybody should be allowed to behave however they want and nobody is allowed to criticise them, even when their behaviour is adversely impacting other people.  And if people do criticise shitty behaviour they are told "Stop shaming!"  Your mum is an example of this.  she wants a child?  Then by god it's her right to have one!  Who cares if there's no father or if the child will have a shitty life?  Of course she can do whatever she wants and damn the consequences for everyone else!

My parents are shit too.  They both have serious genetic illnesses, but wanted kids.  Adopt a child?  No way, Jose!  I want my own biological child and who cares that I'm bringing someone into the world who will have a lifetime of pain and suffering!  I deserve what I want and no-one has the right to tell me otherwise or to shame me for my selfish behaviour!

There have even been people on this sub in the past defending things like adultery and breaking up other people's marriages.  Who cares about the heartbreak, wrecked homes and misery it causes?  I want to have sex with this person and that is all that matters!  How dare other people shame me for it.  If I hadn't broken up this marriage someone else would have, so what's the problem?

Well, I say there should be MORE shaming for purposely shitty, selfish behaviour.
Did you read? There was a father, he chose leave. Not the mother's fault.
Did YOU read?  she said the man clearly didn't want a long-term relationship with the mother and the mother didn't care and got pregnant anyway.  absolutely the mother's choice to have a child with a man who she knew wouldn't stick around.
&gt; she said the man clearly didn't want a long-term relationship with the mother

but she only says that in hindsight and with the perspective of all of her mom's bad decisions growing up
[removed]
You don't know that.  The mum could have told her it was obvious from the start.  She's the one who knows the mum and lived with her, she knows better than anyone here.
I think there is a difference between having kids with a potential genetic condition though. As research is expanding, scientists are finding more and more connections between genetics and disease. Health issues such as obesity, diabetes, Alzheimer's, heart attacks and cancer even have genetic factors.

So the problem is asking "who is 'worthy' of spreading their genes to the next generation?". I highly doubt there is a single person on earth who does not have a "serious" genetic condition in the four generations that came before them. Many genetic diseases are recessive, so it is still very dangerous to reproduce even if the ones who were ill were grandparents or great-grandparents.


There is probably a lot of personal hurt and pain behind your comment, and I don't want to sound insensitive. But the comment has a quasi-eugenics tone. I don't think you meant it that way though.

I have OCD. My mom, both sisters, nephew, several aunts, and grandpa all have/had clinical depression. My uncle has Schizophrenia. It is very likely that my children will have some sort of psychological condition during their lives. Does that make me unfit to reproduce? My boyfriend's family seems to think so. They have talked to him about why he should marry me because "what about the grandkids?", and "we don't like 'those' people". It is extremely humilitating and isolating to be spoken about that way. I have cried about the rejection on many occasions.

If I wanted to be an asshole, I could do the same thing to his family. My boyfriend's biological mother died on cancer in her twenties. My boyfriend was only four years old. On his dad's side, several people have died of cancer in their old age.

There is tons of evidence that cancer has genetic factors involved. Do I eventually want to watch my child die young because they developed cancer? No. But am I so heartless that I will act like the tragedy of his mother's death is warrant for me to be some eugenics proponent and say "well your genes aren't good enough for me". 

Every family faces its own genetic issues. Some people might consider it abusive for me to reproduce if I might have mentally ill children. Some might consider it abusive for him to reproduce if he might have children with cancer.

It is a question of what diseases are "too bad" to be placed into the genepool of the next generation. Because frankly everyone has genes that some busybody could claim makes them unfit to reproduce. The question is "who decides what needs to be weeded out and what is allowed to stay".
she didn't say her mom told her that.

her mom can't be blamed for the father being a douche. he had a choice in producing a child and a choice in leaving
I didn't say the mother did tell her that, only that she could have.  We don't know because she didn't say one way or another in the post.  And why is the father automatically a douche?  if he made it clear he didn't want kids and she got pregnant anyway, the mother is the douche, not the father.  Sounds to me like he didn't have much choice in producing the child, women do get pregnant without the father's consent you know.  She could have told him she was on the pill and then stopped taking it, or anything.
[removed]
her mother could have done all sorts of things. hypotheticals are great.

&gt; And why is the father automatically a douche? 

he left his wife and kid

&gt; if he made it clear he didn't want kids and she got pregnant anyway, the mother is the douche, not the father.

you're missing the part where it takes two to have a child.
You seem to be looking at it from a legal point of view, who should be allowed to reproduce.  That wasn't what I was talking about, I was talking about the decency of individual people to decide unselfishly.  So yes, it could be a slippery slope if the law decided you weren't allowed to reproduce, but if your problems are severe and likely to be passed on, then it would be the decent thing to choose not to reproduce.  And sorry you feel bad about what your bf's family say, but I totally see where they are coming from.  With 3 billion women in the world you must understand if they'd rather choose one who has less chance of passing mental illness on to their own grandchildren.  That doesn't make them bad people.
[removed]
Either you're a single mother yourself and just offended by my comments, or trying to have an argument for the sake of it.  Either way, I can't be bothered.  She could very well have gotten pregnant without his consent and from the OPs story it sounds like she may have done.  But carry on living in your fantasy world where the woman is always the innocent victim and the man is always the baddie.
I'm not any kind of mother. I just see that your comments are inaccurate and quite sexist

the mom did a lot of wrong stuff but blaming women for men's choices is misogyny
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Yes I was including the legal aspect but your post mostly seems to be focused on the social aspect. You primarily talked about how people are labeled judgemental if they criticize the wisdom of someone else's decision to reproduce. 


I.E that people should be free to judge the decisions of others including whether or not they chose to reproduce. 

While I agree it is selfish to purposely become a single parent, I do think it is extremely judgemental for other people to make comments about the "worthiness" of another person to reproduce from a genetic standpoint. So I am also talking about the social and cultural aspect of judging another's reproductive choice based solely on their "detective" genes

The reason I feel this is super judgemental is because it reeks of hypocrisy. I could easily point the finger at a single mom and say "yikes" and then never do the same thing myself. But I cannot do that with genes.

I could say "people with a family history of heart attacks, stop reproducing" only to have that same group of people point the finger back at me for having depression. The problem is that no one person is exempt from crappy genes.

A person might have excellent cardiovascular and physical health in their family, but also have a history of alcoholism. Should I say "why would you want to risk your kids becoming alcoholics?". (Alcoholism does appear to have genetic factors).


If I broke with my boyfriend because of the cancer In  his family, wouldn't people claim I was a heartless insensitive monster? Yet for some reason, it is ok to reject people over mental health issues. But in reality, cancer has a much higher mortality rate than mental illness and mental illness is far easier to treat. 

Yet dumping someone because of their genes is socially acceptable in one scenario, and but the other scenario makes you a completely heartless bitch? 

Note: I never have, nor ever will consider dumping my boyfriend over his family's history of cancer. I feel very saddened by it. I trust and hope that the same fate will not take my children. But I acknowledge it is possible for them to get cancer. But I will not develop anger or hatred towards my husband over something that grieves him too 

The only reason I point it out is because everytime they throw my "corrupt genes" In my face and use it for foder against me, I want to scream back at them that their DNA is not perfect either. 

But I hold my tongue because I realize the implications of saying such a thing. I just wonder why one is allowed and the other is taboo
I'm not up for shaming people because you never know what really led them to these choices... but I think the truth should still be told about how damaging it can be for a child to not have a father. I felt like voicing the fact that I missed having a dad was a betrayal. I was not allowed to say I was sad.

I think my mother was very lonely herself and that's why she kept me. I think she had depression also. Then she had cancer and was tired and older. She was 45 when I was 7. She was 50 and a cancer survior when I was 12. But even if I can cut her some slack it's hard because she never seemed to empathize with me.
You are the one saying the two scenarios are different.  I never said that.  If you decided not to reproduce with someone with a history of cancer, I would not blame you for that.  I also never said anything about the "worthiness" of anyone's genetics.  What I said was that it's selfish for people with genetic diseases to reproduce, not because they are unworthy, but because there's potential for huge suffering in the person you create.  And that is the point.  The selfish part is that the person in question is putting their own desires above the needs of another person.  In this case, the desire to have children that are genetically yours (not yours personally, but in whichever generic, diseased individual we are talking about) rather than adopted, means you could well be subjecting another person to a lifetime of severe suffering.  Just so that you can have what you want.  

If you are wondering why one is taboo and the other not, why not just bring it up to them?  Say, "Yes my children have an increased chance of developing a mental illness but your grandchildren have an increased risk of cancer."  

Also I started off by mentioning severe genetic disorders.  Yes everyone has some genetic problem, but some people's are very severe and sure to be passed on, these are the people I was talking about.  You are upset enough at the attitude of your boyfriend's parents, how much more upset would you be if you had to endure a lifetime of pain and disability because two disabled, severely ill individuals chose to reproduce with each other.
No he never wanted to be my dad or be in a relationship with her. He was in it for the sex only. She knew and kept seeing him a few times a year. Then she had me when he said he did not want to be involved. He spent some time with us and eventually left. I do think it was her fault more than his. He was honest from the very beginning and she still acted as though she was the victim in the story.
My mother was never his wife. He was already married to someone else and she tried to trap him with a baby. I was never his kid. He felt sorry for me but he never wanted to be my father and had a fling with my mother. She knew this. He's obviously not innocent. But my mother was not a victim and a driving force behind the situation.
My mother made her choices too. She does not get to deflect blame because "I'm a single mom woo is me".

Summary:
I was never his kid.
I didn't say the mother did tell her that, only that she could have.
", and "we don't like 'those' people".
I do think it was her fault more than his.
I think she had depression also.
she didn't say her mom told her that.
If you decided not to reproduce with someone with a history of cancer, I would not blame you for that.
My mother made her choices too.
But I cannot do that with genes.
My mother was never his wife.
My boyfriend's family seems to think so.
I want to have sex with this person and that is all that matters!
I just wonder why one is allowed and the other is taboo.
I also never said anything about the "worthiness" of anyone's genetics.
They both have serious genetic illnesses, but wanted kids.
