Original Response:
[removed]
The timing was fine. His past misconduct is relevant to his nomination.
She came forward shortly after he was nominated.  But wish to remain anonymous.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
She originally spoke about it with her therapist in 2012, when there was still a Democratic president in office.
Just because she is accusing someone in the public sphere of a very serious thing doesn't mean she deserves to have her face and name shown all over. An assault is traumatic and having her character and life smeared in front of the entire country by the people that dont believe is what she wanted to avoid. Of course she will come out with her allegations when he is being nominated to a lifetime seat on the Supreme Court. This directly relates to his character and morals and will effect all Americans for decades to come. All of the "why did she wait" and then immediately calling her a liar and "this is all politically motivated!" is probably why she waited to come out until he was nominated and the GOP was chomping at the bit to get him confirmed. If she was lying, why is she asking for a formal investigation by the FBI? If she has so much to lose, why would she bother? I can't imagine the death threats, loss of privacy, having her personal life broadcast, and the harassment are worth whatever you think shes trying to achieve politically.
Maybe she didn't ever want to come forward because of the fallout she knew would hit her. She hoped she could forget about it. Then it became imminent that he could make it to a position of huge power so she was compelled to help stop that.
No.  Politicians politicized it.  A victim has the right to come forward at any time they choose.
Maybe she's only come forward now because she feels that an attempted rapist wouldn't make a good supreme court justice.
[removed]
Why do you think rapists should be allowed on the Supreme Court?
That's correct. She came forward in July which was the appropriate time. The Democrats decided to sit on it for a few months and break the news when it would benefit them the most using her as a political pawn. And someone from their side leaked her name to the press making her claim no longer anonymous and giving the country an enemy of fight against. People shouldn't be blaming Dr. Ford at all for any of this, she did everything she was supposed to. The Democrats broke the news in exactly the way they needed to for their own political gain and to make her look like the bad guy. They reap the benefits politically but all of the blame would fall on Dr. Ford. And they say the Democrats are the party of women. Smh.
There aren't many people who sit around, combing through the newspapers for the names of federal judges. But people do care about the Supreme Court nominees because those are in the national news and really hard to ignore. It's not surprising that she lost contact with her assaulter and only realized where he was once his name was floated around as a possible replacement for Anthony Kennedy.
Do you have sources that corroborate any of this?
A rapist was allowed to be president, then have his wife run for the same post. There is precedent.
Probably to avoid having her life turned upside down, you know, like what has happened. She’s received death threats and has had to move from her home. I completely understand why she wouldn’t want that attention. 

Let’s not forget that the President has already said that there were good people at a Neo Nazi rally, so it’s not crazy to think one of his supporters might be violent toward somebody who speaks up against his agenda.
Bruh I wasn’t alive when Bill Clinton was elected, what the fuck is the relevance?
Lol. I see, things only matter if you were alive at the time.  Your date of birth demarcates the era that the world became moral.
Bill Clinton sexually harassed women. Who did he rape?
Why do you think rapists should be on the Supreme Court ?
Look up Juanita Broaddrick. I'm sure you'll agree she also deserves to be heard and believed.
I don't think they should be, but I do require proof of such an accusation.
A person can come forward whenever they want I guess, but the burden of proof won't change.
This is the most compelling argument I think, with regards to timing. That does not change the burden of proof though.
She is accusing someone publicly. She should not get to do it anonymously in the public sphere. 

If she had made her accusations to law enforcement in private then yes anonymity would have been an option. She did not.
Names were not mentioned in those notes.
[deleted]
Yes. Do you extend the same to Ford?
The burden of proof for declining to appoint a judge is not the same as the burden of proof for convicting someone.
How much proof? If there’s any doubt in your mind he shouldn’t be a Supreme Court Justice. 

It’s not like we’re sending this guy to jail, it’s the SCOTUS, the standards should be higher.
Commented in the wrong place!

She still spoke about it and she discussed who he was.
Of course.  I will admit the timing is shitty and her experience is just being used for political gain.
[removed]
So the burden of proof is reduced to zero proof required?
As I said, names were not mentioned.
No. They will listen to testimony, which is evidence, then make their decision.
That doesn't change a thing. She still discussed who he was
It absolutely does.
And then when he is confirmed, will you accept that and put this issue aside?
No. She still discussed who he was and how she knew him.
How can we say when we haven't heard the testimony yet? You don't seem to care as much about due process as you claim.
There isn't "zero evidence."
Not personally. But it's what every news outlet is reporting.
A claim and a counter claim, he said, she said. Yes there is zero evidence.
Testimony is evidence. She also reported it to her therapist several years ago.
Until we break out of this two-party monstrosity that we called a political system, it's mostly a choice of the lesser of two evils for us.
Why couldn't they leave her anonymous until an investigation was complete? I personally think they should've taken what they knew about the alleged assault before it went public, called off the hearingd and vote in order to allow an unbiased group to conduct an investigation, and then they can release their findings and hold their hearings. Only in a perfect world I guess :(
Who is the rapist being nominated for the Supreme Court?
She has not yet testified under oath. And it would still be he said she said, equal and opposing amounts of evidence.
So that should be easy to find? Because I can’t find anything that substantiates your claims.

Summary:
She still discussed who he was.
Why do you think rapists should be on the Supreme Court ?
Why do you think rapists should be allowed on the Supreme Court?
She still discussed who he was and how she knew him.
Who is the rapist being nominated for the Supreme Court?
She still spoke about it and she discussed who he was.
A claim and a counter claim, he said, she said.
She should not get to do it anonymously in the public sphere.
She is accusing someone publicly.
She came forward shortly after he was nominated.
