Original Response:
How long have you been riding and why dont you use a helmet?
Non helmet wearing riders, while you're in here, I've always wondered how you can deal with insects, small rocks, dust, etc hitting you in the face at high speed. After a long ride I'll typically have at least one splatted bug on my visor, and I've heard tiny rocks hit my helmet before. How does that work with nothing to shield your face?
Windshield.  I've been wearing a helmet for the last year, but the prior 38 on the street, windshield.
I wear an open face helmet with no windshield. The bugs and rocks are part of the experience I think. To each their own, (and not to sound like a 14 year old girl or something) but I want the smells and wind and stuff in my face. If I wanted a windshield, I’d be in the car. Like I said, to each their own though and I’m not bashing anyone for liking what they like. (The bugs and small rocks don’t hurt that bad, but I do give cars a little extra room so I don’t catch that many rocks.
You still get smells and wind with a full face. You also get to keep your teeth.
Lol full face helmets aren't air tight, you get tons of air. You can also ride with the visor open and close it on the highway like some (me) do. 

Also why is it girly to appreciate nature? That's just being an human being.
Never mind the right size bug or rock to the eye and you’re fucked.  Corneal abrasions are shitty.  It can get worse beyond that.  
Fuck that, my visor deflects that stuff so I can see to ride home.
Definitely, I wear sunglasses when I ride for debris and also because California is sunny. Doesn't really block wind though so I still close the visor over like 35-40mph
Most riders going over bicycle speeds still wear eye protection of some kind even if they don't wear a helmet.
I think it's hilarious because Sons of Anarchy had a bunch of scenes showing high speeds and no eye protection. 

I don't care how tough you are, about 1/2 the time I'm going over 70 mph without glasses, there are tears getting pulled out the sides of my eyes.
One time a bug shot me dead center on the forehead.  Other than that nothing has hit me because I have a windshield on my bike.
https://media1.tenor.com/images/59c971e074798f1b12ffc1208dad2692/tenor.gif?itemid=5667770

Summary:
I wear an open face helmet with no windshield.
You still get smells and wind with a full face.
You can also ride with the visor open and close it on the highway like some (me) do.
