Original Response:
"DESTROYS" so the policy has been changed?  

Ok maybe I'm being overly cynical but on point commentary just doesn't change shit. Just stimulates peoples confirmation bias feelings.
Looks like ~~/u/2SeeKU~~ *the ABC COMEDY youtube channel poster* has been watching too many right-wing videos on youtube, where "&lt;insert right wing personality&gt; DESTROYS &lt;insert left wing personality&gt;" is a common click-bait title.

Edit: thanks for the clarification /u/2SeeKU.
It’s the title on YouTube. Posts are removed (or edited by a mod) from this subreddit if you alter the title.
Exactly. [This is a big problem with satire as a medium in general](https://theconversation.com/were-laughing-in-an-echo-chamber-its-time-to-rethink-satire-95867). There's also no useful action embedded there. I'm outraged and I feel superior for being outraged: Now what?
The trouble with those “right wing personality” DESTROYS “left wing personality” videos on YouTube is they comprise of a right wing personality shouting right wing talking points without any critique, in fact they cut the video off before they get critiqued.
Vote accordingly.
Fuck people that think that voting can change anything. That would require a better option than the dills on the ballot paper.
This is Australia not America, everyone (within reason) fucking votes.
I said Vote accordingly not vote. Read!
How on earth did you logic that from what /u/flaminghippy said?!
If you're in this thread you care about climate change, if you're eligible to vote you do vote because it's the law.  If you care about climate change then you vote accordingly already.  

The 'vote accordingly' is seen everywhere on reddit because voting isn't enforced in every country like it is in Australia.  I personally find it a frustrating dismissive comment in the context of how voting is enforced in Australia.  Not to mention the huge political bias that is this sub in general.  Telling people in this sub to vote accordingly is really just preaching to the choir.
Honestly just voting and washing your hands of it after the fact isn't enough anymore.  I personally find the comments about just vote, which includes your comment of voting accordingly, very dismissive of the problem at large.  Especially given the context provided by the video in OP where it's shown politics in general have proven to be unable to deal with climate change.  

I can read but thank you for the advice!
Right so rather than read it in this context you act like this post was written in r/worldnews? Good double down.

Edit: and what on earth do you think accordingly means?!
Actually I didn’t realize you were being rhetorical. My bad.
Voting isn't about changing anything. Its about doing your duty to protect the powers of the office you're voting for.

Despite the fact that there are plenty of dickheads who refuse to vote for the best option the vast majority of dickheads are still out there making sure the worst option doesn't get in. You need to improve the quality of the average dickhead if you want to change anything and that's a damn sight harder than the two words "vote accordingly". Those two words however are encouraging mindful voting which might just get through to some dickheads who like to pretend voting doesn't matter at all, which is not what you said, but most dickheads will think that's what you said.
I mean the video literally states that our political system is not able to deal with the problem that is climate change, a video saying as much is by no means on its own fact but I personally agree with the sentiment based on the historical evidence of inaction by the Australian government (both parties) on the issue of climate change.  I read the comment in the context of the video which was posted that started this thread, I personally think that's fair but you can disagree with that all you want.
I was a Greens voter before and after the video. 100% of people who engage with this video will be Labor/Greens before and Labor/Greens after. That's what the article is about - satire preaches to the converted.
Seems to be a running joke on the ABC comedy channel satirising those anti-"something" (usually rightwing) youtube videos that always have titles like this. There's literally heaps of videos with the exact same title format uploaded by ABC comedy.
&gt; Voting isn't about changing anything

Then what exactly is the point? There is none.

&gt; Its about doing your duty to protect the powers of the office you're voting for.

Hahahaa..hhahahaha hahahahahahaheorhaosfhasduhf

Oh please... that JOKE? They throw us under the bus at every opportunity... and you... want me to protect it? Omg.

&gt; vote for the best option

Hang on... that doesn't exist anymore.. there is no "best option". All political options are equally shitty for us.

&gt; voting doesn't matter at all

It's time we moved on past voting. Voting is a waste of time. We need to take action despite the government. In direct opposition to their plans. Money is power. And we the public have that... we choose to spend here and there.. and those choices ultimately have much more power than voting. Because money is the native tongue of politicians. I'm under no illusions on how hard that'll be. Democracy is dead in Australia. We live in a plutocracy now. Time to learn the new rules.
Yeah, no one who denies climate change is watching Tom Ballard. It's all just a big circlejerk
It might be that, but all I see when I read a title with over the top words like that is "14 yr old wrote this headline".

See also: crushes, decimates, murders.
Yeah the only thing more useless than satire is complaining about how satire is useless
Hence why it was more of a rant than a piece meant to effect change.
Do you want to delegitimise and obstruct the actions of elected governments? Or do you want to exert greater influence over the actions of elected representatives during their term of office? Collective market power seems like a very indirect way of doing so. You could just get all those people you organised to vote for you.

Summary:
Voting isn't about changing anything.
I said Vote accordingly not vote.
Fuck people that think that voting can change anything.
If you care about climate change then you vote accordingly already.
Its about doing your duty to protect the powers of the office you're voting for.
&gt; Its about doing your duty to protect the powers of the office you're voting for.
&gt; Voting isn't about changing anything

Then what exactly is the point?
