Original Response:
But... But... Caffeine is as addictive as nicotine...

But... Sodas actually pose a national health risk (especially to kids) in our struggle against obesity.

But... Sodas don't help a large part of the population quit using a more harmful product.

But... There's no ban against aggressive marketing to kids or kid attractive labeling on sodas.

And true, not all sodas have caffeine or sugar, but not all ejuice has nicotine.
Nah man, flavors are for kids. Adults don't like that kinda stuff...

... Now you'll have to excuse me. I'm adding cinnamon, vanilla and chocolate to this beer.
Totally agree. That’s why I let my 9 month old daughter drink coffee out of her sippee cup. We just add Reese’s peanut butter cup flavored creamer to it.
&gt;cinnamon, vanilla and chocolate to this beer

Man that sounds delicious!! If you ever need a test subject you know where to find me lol
Mexican cake stout. I'm doing a batch later this week. It's finally dark beer season again!
Thank you for thinking of the children.
It's ALWAYS dark beer season!

\#summerstouts4lyfe

My phone had learned that hashtag.
\#summerstouts4lyfe

And man that sounds delightful!
I’m so happy to hear that haha
I did make a specifically summer stout. Sadly for you lactose was involved, but it was a golden stout with lots of oats, and the roast came from whole coffee beans. Really fucked with people.
I tend to agree, but customers don't always see it that way.
Oh man, I’m bummed about the lactose but I’m happy summer stouts are legit a thing :) it sounds delicious!
Oh i know.. My dream job would be marketing for a brewery.. Thats why i got a degree in marketing and management..

...i work in IT, haha
I have an IT degree and work in brewing, lol.

Have I mentioned that I hate money?
It did better than I'd have expected, but our customers do love coffee...
I’m happy to hear it did well! I’ve had a few lighter stouts but nothing like what you’re describing. I’m sure more than a few people were at least curious lol
Man that sounds bomb, I need to try that. The creamer that is, I don't use sippee cups.. I swear.
Man my buddy who hasn't even finished college yet brews his own beer and it's insane how good he's gotten. Already beating Sierra Nevada and I don't know if you've ever had knee deep (my personal favorite brewery) but he's easily on par with them. The dude is incredibly passionate about it, always researching. I'd be shocked if he isn't a brewing for the rest of his life. Passion &gt;money.

Then I tried making some hard cider one time with absolutely ghetto equipment and it wasn't fun drinking that stuff lol.
Man, knee deep makes some awesome liquid.

Anyone who gets into brewing for the money probably wouldn't last long. I'm a suffer for your art sort of guy, and I'd like to think that passion can be tasted in the final product.

Sounds like your buddy is on the right track!
Hell yeah! Hoptologist has been my number 1 for years haha. He definitely goes after their style of strong pale ales while experimenting with lots of hop varieties. If you're from this area, have you tried much moon raker? Recently had their raspberry milkshake beer, probably one of the most interesting beers I've ever had. Super tasty but I couldn't drink it often lol. You're doing it right, ain't no fun making money if you hate your job.
Eh, I’m not a huge fan personally. My wife picked it up thinking I’d like it, and I thought I would, but the peanut butter flavor throws me for some reason. I guess I don’t like peanut butter in my coffee lol
Been out that way a few times. Was there last December, really enjoyed porchlight in Sacramento. Moonraker was killing it too, but didn't visit them.
Haha honestly I bet I'd have the exact same reaction lol. I always do coffee but just a bit of whole milk and no sugar. Sounds like it might be good one time then I'd crave the simple stuff again.
I'll have to try porchlight one of these days, yeah I haven't been to Moonraker as much but they really are killing it. My go to is knee deep any day though. Sac has an annual beer fest in March that's damn amazing, can't wait for that to roll around again haha. I've found a million new beers just walking around that.
Keep an eye out for a Creme Brûlée creamer, that’s a good one. I forget whether it was done by Coffee Mate or International Delight, but I really liked it.

Summary:
I have an IT degree and work in brewing, lol.
Man that sounds bomb, I need to try that.
It's ALWAYS dark beer season!
I’m so happy to hear that haha.
I did make a specifically summer stout.
The creamer that is, I don't use sippee cups..
\#summerstouts4lyfe

And man that sounds delightful!
