Original Response:
[Competitive]
I can breed you one
I would appreciate that. Which code do you want in return?
One question: did you ever redeem one of these codes before? I'd want that mon. But since I'm from Europe, I can't redeem it myself :(
Im planning to redeem the Kyogre for myself in ultra but if want the groudon I can offer you that. Only thing is you will have to wait a few hours to a few days. I have a lot of unclaimed Pokemon I need to get to from the delivery guy first
That sounds nice. But the thing is....I'd need it soft resetted for a specific nature. Nevermind, forget about it ^^
I can soft reset. But I have to soft reset my other Pokemon too so I really don't know how long the process will take.
I wouldn't mind waiting a few days or even a week. But a simple mienfoo for a Groudon seems like a pretty unfair trade in my opinion. Doesn't feel right to me haha
Can I put sth on top? Like any items or caps or whatever?
Haha ok. Well do you want a Elekid? It's competitive with egg moves. I don't need it honestly and will trade that for mienshao
Sounds awesome. Can we possibly trade tomorrow? I have to sleep now. I could breed it after work
There's one item I've been looking for hard. Its the wide lens. I think you can get it from sabeleye in ultra but it's hard to obtain
Yes that works I can trade tommorow
Lol. We're using 2 different comments to discuss one trade haha. So what's the deal now. Elekid for mienfoo or widelens plus mienfoo for a soft resetted Groudon?
Elekid for mienfoo
Alright. Cya tomorrow
How's the breeding going?
Omg im so Sorry. I Totally forgot you. I'm. At work again rn. I will definitely breed your mienfoo once I'm home in 8h, if you still want it
No problem I understand. I can wait
Ok. I'm home in 1h
I have to cancel our trade. Sorry
Ok. That's fine. I just got home from work not to long ago as well

Summary:
I can breed you one.
I have to cancel our trade.
I could breed it after work.
I have to sleep now.
Yes that works I can trade tommorow.
