Original Response:
Hi folks,

&amp;#x200B;

I have self obtained NA codes from Gamestop and Target. Looking only for a NA Marshadow with Adament/Jolly natures and beneficial IVs. Also asking for WC proof. Let me know how many codes of each you're  looking for.

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks!

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
Hey, I have a self obtained Adamant Marshadow FT from the NA distribution last year. OT MT Tensei and ID 100917. What would be your offer be.  It has full redemption a button proof.
Cool. Make an offer, I'm pretty open to
Anything
I would say 10 LL, 10 P, 5 KG &amp; 5 TT codes for it?
Umm the IVs may not be ideal. I just SRed for nature but all legendaries and Mythicals are guaranteed 3 31 IVs. It is Untouched and has pretty decent proof with probably the second best nature. Would you consider for 8 codes overall.
Woah, that’s a pretty steep offer from your end. The NA Marshadow is more common than that. I have given a fair offer of 8 codes lol
I appreciate your fairness lol Just let me know which codes you want and I'll prepare them asap.
Could you do 4 Poipole, 2 of LL, 2 of KG and 1 TT. I  have just 2 of KG so I hope that you don’t mind that I asked for 9 instead of 8
Sure! I'll prepare the codes right now. Is it ok if I message you the codes when they're ready?
Whenever you’re ready. If you don’t mind, can we trade now. It’s 1:30 AM here and I need to head to bed now. You can send me the codes whenever.
Sure. I'm going jump on right now.
Are you on?
Hey looks like you’re busy. And I need to be up pretty early tomorrow. I should be free tomorrow to trade sometime. I’ll send you a message when I’m ready.
Sorry. I'm still preparing the codes. We can do this tomorrow when your up. Thanks!
I’ll be able to trade today. Just drop me a message and I’ll see my availability
Awesome. I just got on. Are you till able to trade today?
Yeah, but I'm capturing Tapu Bulu for someone. You think we can trade in 15-20 minutes
20 mins works for me. I just sent you the codes, please let me know if you got them and the work alright.
I'm adding you and jumping on UM rn
I'm online and ready to trade. Pming the proof now
Also, can you tell me your IGN. your flair has just gen 6 ones. Mine is Ventak
It's chaverz. I am on um, ready to go.
Trade completed, proof sent and codes received. Thanks for the trade :)
Pokemon and proof received. Codes sent and trade is complete. Thanks again!
Your Welcome :)

Summary:
Codes sent and trade is complete.
Trade completed, proof sent and codes received.
I am on um, ready to go.
I'm online and ready to trade.
I'm still preparing the codes.
I have given a fair offer of 8 codes lol.
