Original Response:
She looks really uncomfortable. Can I get some backstory?
she's ted cruz's daughter. do you need more than that?

but seriously, i'm sure she felt kind of annoyed at being bussed around to be used as a political game piece.
Yea, poor girl.
She’s worried about getting a tonsil stone in her hair.
I hate tonsil stones. So fucking gross.
His kisses seem sexual to me. It's fucking gross. 

The way his own kid rejects him should tell you something.
How do his kisses seem sexual? He's her father lmao she's probably just going through that edgy teen phase and she's embarrassed of her dad trying to kiss her in public.
&gt;teen phase

She's like 10 bro
Oh shit lol she looked really tall in this gif didn't realize that dude was carrying her
That'd make her over 6' lol
&gt;She looks really uncomfortable

Like any other teen when their parents try to hug or kiss them in public.
If she's a teen then why is that guy holding her like a baby?
Yeah for real wth
Because she can't act like a teenager until precicely on her 13th birthday, no earlier.
Generally a teen phase happens in your teens. See, it's in the name right there if ya look real hard, it says teen. If you also look at the comments you'll see the original guy I responded to laughed about it, so your little attempt to make me look dumb is a waste.
Carly Fiorina made them sing with her
As much as I hate Ted Cruz, and don't get me wrong he's a huge scum bag,  she was a little girl being dragged around the country on a bus and it was the end of the day. She was just being a crabby kid. Let's show that Ted Cruz is bad for America in that he shut down the government to make a name for himself and boot because it was good for the country, he has terrible regressive policies, he is a hypocrite (attacking Beto Orourke for using a nickname when his real name is Rafael) and he has no backbone in that he is now begging for campaign help from the guy who called his wife a dog, insulted him at every turn and implied his father was involved in the Kennedy assassination. Duck Ted Cruz.
You will probably make for an affectionate parent.
This comment tells me that anonymous people on the internet aren't afraid to let their dumb side show.
Its not really uncommon for kids to do this kind of stuff from time to time. I remember my nephew doing it to my sister. He was much more attached to his father. It was because she was the one working full time. My daughter does stuff similar to me sometimes. In the end youre seeing a small moment captured on camera catching his daughter in a crusty mood.

Or hes a scumbag dad. What the hell do i know.
What? Is he known for having stinking breath?
[deleted]
He regurgitated, started to spit out, and then swallowed a tonsil stone on camera during a primary debate.
&gt; The fact that he’s good for this country is proven in the fact that he’s begging for campaign help from the guy who called his wife a dog...he’s willing to put himself and his own pride to the side for the goal of putting America first.

That doesn't prove he's good for the country, just that he really wants to be re-elected.
Maybe he was laying an egg
In school, he was voted 'most likely to become a chicken.'
Not mine.
This guy¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ ... Lol.
&gt; “Regressive” is a commie term for anything to the right of Stalin.

Stalin was a fascist dictator when studied through any objective lens. He cynically used the terminology of communism and invented a fake struggle of revolution only for his own advantage. So you are likely quite correct on this. 'Regressive' is used not only to describe the erosion of civil protection and, to the delight of a certain desperate failing state called Russia, the disintegration of Western alliances, but also by fiscally conservative economists to describe such policies as isolationism and unwinnable trade wars that cause short term inflation and long term contraction of GDP. Again, you are right on both points. I don't know any 'commies' but they would likely share your view on this.
This isnt the first time she has denied him a kiss or hug: The youtubes offer many camera angles of previous 'dad is super creepy' moments.
She's actively trying to flick him in the face. That's some solid disrespect and dude just has to ignore it. But then he goes in to try to kiss her cheek while she's like that? Doesn't show good judgment skills.
She's probably used to all the creeps and pedophile friends of her dads and knows to stay away from them.
Or let's highlight how republicans literally drag children towards them so they can kiss them. The Republicans love pedophilia. It's not a career ender.
Here's the source [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QMDvxiEfyQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QMDvxiEfyQ)
Show both.  This is funny, and like someone else said, shows a certain lack of judgement.  At the flicks, I would've been like, "Okay buttmunch.  Maybe next time hahaha."
That is the fucking grossest thing I have read as yet today. Thank you.
Reported!
Ok thanks.
Can you stop pretending already? 

You are telling me that you honestly have never seen a kid behave that way?
It's more about Cruz being willing to use his daughter against her wishes.
[removed]
Listen to you. 

Use her for trying to give her a kiss?
Absolutely. Gotta be a family man for all those wacky evangelicals.
[deleted]
That’s not a mint that hasn’t fully dissolved yet?
You should really take the time to watch this

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hO_MkcZh-VY
uh, yeah. do you think it's normal to force facial kisses on your kids when they don't want to touch you? especially shoved in front of the camera?
Working at having a loving family, how repulsive and evangelical
He doesn't actually love his family, though. He uses them.
He loves incest porn.
Chinese Leader: “We’ll be enforcing our debt now.”

President Ted Cruz: *Leans in to kiss on cheek
Yes...I ve seen it happen a trillion times.

Especially when they try to stage a kiss for the camera.
That is cringy and hilarious indeed.
Her father is Ted Cruz.
What
Holy God, I had forgot. As soon I read your comment the creepy song popped in my head.
It's a tonsil mint.
"to be used as a political game piece". Chill out. I get why this is on r/cringe but this is nothing more than a bratty 7 year old acting as they do around their parents.
Lol shes a brat because she doesn't want to be kissed? My nieces/nephews are just under 5 but they're old enough to tell me if they don't want to be hugged or kissed and I respect their boundaries. Consent is important bro.
that really effected me more than I thought it could have. I didn't even know what a tonsil stone was until just know. I need to go take a nap or something.
I agree with you, but let's not pretend it's abnormal for a parent to kiss their kid with or without their permission.
[removed]
This is the second time today that I’ve gagged at something on the internet. I’m logging off
Oh my god I always fucking wondered what those smelly ass things were...
Between this and the gif where he hits his wife in the face repeatedly, I feel that Ted Cruz is the most cringey politician ever. 

https://giphy.com/gifs/punch-ted-cruz-heidi-26FxF2fxvjK9WUnIY
You’re doing the Lord’s work. Thank you. Totally made my day.
That other dude really wanted a group hug
I don't know, Jeb Bush was pretty fucking bad too.
i agree, that was absolutely stunning.
Please clap
Mmmm the 2 piece combo
Heidi could do much better. I find her face far more pleasant than that of flotus*/Rango.
He was a bit cringey but it was kinda charming. Ted Cruz is just an alien trying to act like a person.
Just a walking cringe machine lol.
How did he ever win anything? That was IMMENSELY cringeworthy.
Different kinds of cringe. Jeb was just sad with how much of a doofy pushover he was and he knew it. I remember that clip of his mom saying how he knew he wasn't the favorite child and he's just like "yup....". Ted Cruze on the other hand, well you pretty much out it perfectly.
this made me feel so much better after just seeing that whole tonsil stone thing
Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer.
Yeah but that was a joke.

Summary:
Use her for trying to give her a kiss?
Lol shes a brat because she doesn't want to be kissed?
&gt;She looks really uncomfortable

Like any other teen when their parents try to hug or kiss them in public.
Her father is Ted Cruz.
Ted Cruz is just an alien trying to act like a person.
But then he goes in to try to kiss her cheek while she's like that?
He was much more attached to his father.
It's more about Cruz being willing to use his daughter against her wishes.
Especially when they try to stage a kiss for the camera.
She was just being a crabby kid.
That doesn't prove he's good for the country, just that he really wants to be re-elected.
That other dude really wanted a group hug.
Can I get some backstory?
