Original Response:
WOops
Ooopsie daisy
"understand the pain" - "who are marking today an event of enormous magnitude"

Next time someone brings up the holocaust and there is a Jew present (or slavery and a black person), I need to say "You are making this event enormous. I, too, understand pain."

What a fucking asshole thing to say. And OBVIOUSLY I would never do that as Jews (Catholics, Blacks, etc) are not represented by this asshole. He is just some pomp'ed up figurehead who is a total dick. He does not represent Jews, and Jews don't swear to him.

But holy fuck the "Jew Privilege" of this guy to downplay everyone else's pain, and yet again, declare himself the "biggest victim" in the room.

&gt; You are making a big deal of this, move on.

The subtext is not even subtle.
&gt;marking

not

&gt;making
Don't skip reading comprehension, guys.
[deleted]
What kind of semantic porridge are you cooking there when you're somehow conflating his use of the term bombing, when the context is explicitly about the 9/11 attacks, with events that happen in Israel?

It's a typo faux pas at the least..or a cheeky intentional reference.
Maybe they should stop shooting innocent people in the head, stealing their land, and destroying their thousand year old olive trees. You are trying so hard to paint a sympathetic Israel. The truth of the matter, and the disparity of death and weaponry and the permanent state of fear endured by the Palestinians is finally coming to light.
Marking not making. Totally changes the context of the tweet. But you'll get upvotes because you're anti-Israel. Typical reddit.
It was totally just a slip up, because of the language barrier, goyim.
I totally concur.  The post you responded to did a good job comprehending the subtext.
I believe the "making" was a way of helping to highlight the subtext.
Is it possible this is just an artifact of translation? It reads as though the translation is somewhat rough.
There’s no subtext to point out
^ Me texting a black friend and coworker about work with confirming shifts with "KKK Sounds awesome" Not "Kk, Sounds awesome"
The top quote does say “marking”. Commenter uses “making” to clarify the underlying message, “subtext”.
There is no evidence to support that assumption.
I don't think anyone is anti-Israel. They are anti-zionist. Which is exactly what Bibi is. He is a fucking Zionist and he gives Jews a bad name. Huge difference.
Wtf? This isn't a translation. He spoke those words to a camera. He's not illiterate, he speaks perfect english.
Check out @netanyahu's Tweet: https://twitter.com/netanyahu/status/907291968690155521?s=09
Could you explain what you mean?
Interesting. It read as broken English to me. Certainly non-fluent.
You don't think anyone is anti-Israel?? Have you been on Reddit for more than one day?
Almost 7 years. Again they are against the Zionist not Israel. Zionist are running Israel so it's hard to separate. I know this is hard for you to understand but just try and I think you can do it
As Linda Sasour is calling on people to stop “humanizing the Jews”...
Well I was talking about Reddit as that what you brought up. Also she is just ignorant and doesn't realize the difference between the two. Also everything I'm saying is factual and sticking to the point. You shouldn't down vote people just because you disagree with them. That's not what it was created for.
You said “I don’t think any body is anti Israel” with no qualifications originally.
It was a direct comment/reply to your false statement about Reddit being anti-israel. I didnt think I'd have to explain that to you. My apologies.
The text is the evidence. The literal point was to “read between the lines”.
There were obviously Bombs anyone who argues that is regrettably misinformed
how were they obviously bombs?
Try taking two similar objects and dropping one on top of the other and see if you can recreate the kind of destruction of both objects that we witnessed on 9/11. See if you can get the top object to crush the bottom object without measurably slowing down below the speed of freefall.  (every action has an equal and opposite reaction remember)

If you can manage it without some sort of external force removing the bottom object then you should publish your results because that would be pretty ground breaking.
[removed]
The mass of the object falling (the stories above where the planes hit) would have been significantly higher than the single floor it was impacting below. This extra mass, along with the weakening due to vibrations could plausibly cause a free fall effect.

I'm not saying there weren't bombs, as that would be a simpler explanation and would make more sense when you consider other threads to the explanations, but I'm saying that I don't believe the free fall of the towers is conclusive proof of this.
I think it would cause a very fast collapse but not a free fall. The building was basically pulverized to dust, enormous columns were ejected *laterally* hundreds of feet , I don't think gravity alone could have done that.
True. Do you have a link to anyone doing the calculations on the rate at which the towers fall to prove it is indeed true free fall? I've never seen any and would be genuinely intrigued. 

Regarding the dust columns, you have to remember that all the air on each floor would have been compressed and expelled as the floors collided, which would have created enormous pressure and forces the air, and any dust, out of the windows.

I'm predominantly playing devil's adovocate, as I think it's important we reflect upon even our conclusions (otherwise we are as good as those who blindly accept the first explanation).
That's interesting an interesting argument, usually someone who is advocating a controlled demolition complains about the building collapsing into 'its own footprint'.

The amount of energy released by 500,000 tonnes of material falling several hundred meters is immense, it would only take a negligable fraction of it to throw multi tonne masses at the lower levels the distances observed.

Anyway for a similar event here's a much smaller/lighter fire damaged building in Sao Paulo collapsing in a similar manner: https://i.imgur.com/ugF4vTI.mp4
&gt; Do you have a link to anyone doing the calculations on the rate at which the towers fall to prove it is indeed true free fall?

I have seen this done many times for WTC7 when people were challenging NIST but I'm not certain I've ever seen it done on the towers now that you mention it. I believe it has been done but I'd have to dig for it.

&gt;I'm predominantly playing devil's adovocate, as I think it's important we reflect upon even our conclusions (otherwise we are as good as those who blindly accept the first explanation). 

Agreed, cheers. I am glad that people can discuss these things without letting their emotions cloud things too much. I think that is why it's so hard to figure out these kinds of events, too much emotional baggage.
Great image, although I guess the counter argument would be that that tower was ravaged by fire. The WTC towers (I believe) had significantly limited fire damage, in terms of a percentage of the total floors.
&gt;  The WTC towers (I believe) had significantly limited fire damage, in terms of a percentage of the total floors.

Do you think that matters at all, if one floor fails at once or 50? If a single floor fails what is holding up all the floors above it?
Implosion identical to controlled demolition.
i wasn't saying you were wrong i just didn't know why you said it

Summary:
I don't think anyone is anti-Israel.
You don't think anyone is anti-Israel??
I think it would cause a very fast collapse but not a free fall.
The WTC towers (I believe) had significantly limited fire damage, in terms of a percentage of the total floors.
I didnt think I'd have to explain that to you.
&gt;  The WTC towers (I believe) had significantly limited fire damage, in terms of a percentage of the total floors.
how were they obviously bombs?
The text is the evidence.
I believe it has been done but I'd have to dig for it.
