Original Response:
[removed]
They're working on it, the main functionality has to be built out first. That said, please feel free to help contribute to the development effort if you're not satisfied with the progress being made to this wonderful free and open source software.
Have you ever programmed anything?
[removed]
[removed]
It took a LONG time before GUI miners became available. Expect same for lightning.
&gt; but other alts and crypto projects are making much faster projects.

Like what, can you give an example?
[removed]
So they're complete and working?  
Mind listing their node counts?
The first version of Bitcoin had a GUI and mining built in
[removed]
Looks like you should use those projects if that's what you think is important
[removed]
that's not a gui miner
&gt; constructive

lol 

But thank god you are here to tell them it needs to be user friendly
Kek. And exploits and arbitrary code execution. But it works right nau!11
But specialized miner, like GPU. not just CPU miner.
They really aren't. Bitcoin is one of if not the most active software space in open source development.

Your perceptions and believing hype are why you think that. You can only appreciate broad features and user facing changes. Gives an enormous bias to perceive quick shitty development targeted at end users as quality.
[removed]
Both of those sacrifice decentralization for speed which is fine if that's what you want, but there is a trade-off. In addition, EOS has been rife with bugs, exploits, hacks and attacks; so not sure their development is a good example of being better or user friendly.
Since LN required Segwit, development didn't really begin until about a year ago and has only really picked up momentum in the last 3-6 months. Quite frankly, the fact that so much dev activity has come into the LN space in such a short amount of time is pretty incredible. 

It's a very exciting time; reminds me of the early days of the Internet.
Over three. What you aren't understanding is the massive amount of foundational protocol work that goes into that and the sheer number of man hours involved.

When someone is getting paid because you bought their token you can bet they will build any given shitty thing in a slapdash hurry, borrowing code from every corner of open source to do it, and then loudly exclaim how great it is so you buy more. That's what altcoins are. You think they are writing 99% of that code? Nope. It is all downstream reuse.

The same reason start up development times are a lot less than they were ten years ago. Better foundations to build on and already built code to use. That's what devs in this space build, and it’s what devs shilling alts use to trick you into thinking they can make a working coin. I have literally watched that exact scam happen too many times to count.
Preach it brother. Alt vaporware!!
Never. Your node will get underbid by people who actually need to use the network anyway, so are prepared to accept minimal fees to route a few extra payments.

Passive income in a network with no barriers to entry is very unlikely.
[removed]

Summary:
that's not a gui miner.
Better foundations to build on and already built code to use.
Bitcoin is one of if not the most active software space in open source development.
Looks like you should use those projects if that's what you think is important.
Like what, can you give an example?
