Original Response:
It didn’t make millions, says it right in the article that the business made 500k with 20k profit for himself before he started selling suitcases
..."his operation made around $2 million in revenue."

That is exactly what the article says.  His own take home was less, but not the income brought into the operation.
You wouldn’t call a business that brings home 20k multi million dollar operation
You are confusing him with the business. There have been presidents and chairmen of corporations who have served for free, and yet those organizations have brought m/billions. You need to separate out the person from the business. The title is theirs, the article is theirs, they both refer to the operation.

Edit: Now if it said the "Fake Sneaker King made millions, and then it all fell apart," it might be a different matter.
"Made money" is usually in reference to profit, not revenue.

If this guy/business generated 2 mil in revenue but it cost him 3 mil to do so, we could call that "lost money".
Title clearly says and refers to “his” operation so the title is very false here. Also, revenue is not profit and I would assume most people would, when the work makes is involved, are referring to that.
&gt; There have been presidents and chairmen of corporations who have served for free

In business nothing is for free. Scratching your back for a chance of mine being scratched 5+ years later down the road wasn't for free.
Man, this is like typical Reddit. Bunch of strangers arguing semantics with each other over shit that doesn’t really matter. I love it!
“Made” implies profit, IMO
No one talks about business size by profit though.  Size is total volume or dollars coming in, margins and other items impacting profits are a more detailed discussion.

If GE broke even would you call them a small business?  Silly.
It doesn’t in the business world
[deleted]
That’s irrelevant and totally not my argument. I work in finance so the terminology used in this title is incorrect. When someone says “made”, they are referring to profits. Title says “made” which is incorrect. Revenue or sales is the correct term here.
The title says otherwise. This has more to do with an incorrect title than anything else. Your title contradicts the article.
So saying that “company X made $5m in its first year of business” is essentially a meaningless statement?  Or how would it be interpreted in the “business” world?
Nm, checked out your post history and saw “how to choose a credit union?” post and several in a magic card finance(?) sub.

I actually work in finance, so...
Revenue is a perfectly acceptable statement to say, business X made $5m the first year. They’re often vanity metrics to get clients or whatever but it’s still perfectly reasonable
Yeah, you would. That’s why they did.

LOL
Fake sneaker king revenued millions

Summary:
Title says “made” which is incorrect.
The title is theirs, the article is theirs, they both refer to the operation.
"Made money" is usually in reference to profit, not revenue.
..."his operation made around $2 million in revenue."
