Original Response:
Technically we haven't changed leader since 1952. Or since 2014. Depending on how you read the Constitution.
I think they mean our actual leader not our head of state.

One who turns up, waves to adoring sycophants, leaves behind the person who just says yes to whatever the PM says except that one time the country lost it's mind because that person fired the PM.

Meanwhile our true leader is an American who the PM doesn't say no to.
the most disturbing thing is that people just blindly put up with it, or don't even seem to know.... 

&amp;#x200B;

I do wonder what would happen if we all protested outside newscorp offices for a change of leader …
Semi-relevant - I made an interesting observation about my electorate, Bennelong, recently. Since it's inception in 1949, we have had one term without a leader named John and that was the 3 years of Labor we spent with Maxine McKew when John Howard got voted out of his seat as a sitting Prime Minister. So really, we're forever destined to have a Liberal leader named John.
Reminds me of stat that there are more CEOs named Andrew than their are women CEOs.
Ask anybody. The answer is “oh mate, can’t do anything about it. Anyway, it’s me RDO tomorrow”
Not disturbing but expected if you study how people have reacted in the past.

Germans weren't evil people like Hitler yet did nothing to stop him when they could before the Nazi regime gave them no choice.

Some reading I've done puts blame on the Melb-Sydney rivalry in parliament especially Labor with those who chase the Telegraph front page instead of a Fairfax front page because they view that as more important thus we get a right leaning leadership on both sides.

If only the resources could be found to fund a centrist coalition that can remove power from churches and unions. It would be a dream.
I'M ON SMOKO, SO LEAVE ME ALONE
&gt; I'M ON SMOKO, SO LEAVE ME ALONE

&lt;*Bites in to sewing needle*&gt;
Murdoch is Aussie born
And more Scientists named Steve than Scientists that doubt evolution. (IIRC)
He is an American citizen, he had to renounce Australian citizenship to own a media company in the USA.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_they_came_...
Both of you are correct

Summary:
I'M ON SMOKO, SO LEAVE ME ALONE.
So really, we're forever destined to have a Liberal leader named John.
