Original Response:
[deleted]
Do you like being tied up? Getting teased when bound intensifies the experience for many people because they can let go of their inhibitions and just want that orgasm without having to resist touching themselves. This also helps your partner draw out the tease if she wants. She might even give you permission to cum if you can in the next minute but only touch you with a single fingertip. Maybe play with that.

If you are into the not knowing part and your wife is game for it: try adding some randomness on top. When your wife decides it's time she flips a coin or rolls a die and you aren't allowed to see the result. This allows the game to go on longer and ups the uncertainty even more. 

Imagine her saying "**I** think you deserve to cum but the coin came up tails again. Maybe you'll get another chance tomorrow." Remember you don't get to see the coin and she could be to lying about the result. If that sounds hot you might be into this aspect.

If earning it is exciting for you you might have to wait until she cums a certain number or times. Or you might have outstanding tasks (that you intend to do anyway) that are fun to make part of the game. For example make a to-do list and each item on the to-do list means a teasing session. Completed to-do list means she might let you cum.
I don’t know if it’s at all relevant, but being tied up was mentioned.

When I married my wife she was mess. She’s had a lot of really good help to get where she is now.

Along the way I discovered she’s a masochist. Right after that I put wrist cuffs on her and, as we call it, I put her on the rope. I tied the cuffs up over her head. That’s been her signature thing ever since. My wife’s sexual response while tied that way was incredible.

While she was in therapy for her other issues I asked the psychiatrist who was really good at helping her about my wife’s response to bondage. I was curious what he thought about it, if anything. He suggested it relieves her of responsibility, so she can enjoy herself without feeling guilt. 

Since then I’ve read up a lot on my wife’s personality traits and associated desires. Bondage is often pointed out as a means for people to temporarily escape guilt and even just excessive social pressures.

Bondage could be fun for you. You never know.
These are all great suggestions, thanks!

I actually do like being tied up.  I might bring that up in the future depending on how this sessions plays out.
Thanks for the response!  We've done some basic hand-tying in the past but never really incorporated it into any other play.  This is definitely something I'm interested in!
&gt; He suggested it relieves her of responsibility, so she can enjoy herself without feeling guilt.

I know several people who feel just this way. If they are helpless and forced to feel pleasure it isn't their "fault". The sensations are 10 times stronger when they can't try to reciprocate to earn the pleasure or when they are allowed to fight back as hard as they want and are made to feel pleasure anyway.
That fighting back statement sounds very right.

My wife pulls really hard on her restraints. I buy expensive padded leather wide wrist cuffs for her because she hammers down so hard on them that cheaper ones abraded her skin too much.

I bought a nice brass bed once. I knew it would have to be sturdy. Had it made in New York City. Shipped out to our place. Thing weighs hundreds of pounds. We put it together and first night my wife hit the rope that bed sung like a musical instrument. Unbelievable how loud it was. My wife is petite, but she’s really strong. And she pulls against the rope like crazy.

Maybe I should have thought of that, because sometimes when she’s pulling I can hear the rope whining slightly. We sold that bed right away.
That sounds intense and fun. She's very luck to have you to give her what she needs. 

Does she have an obvious favorite toy or one she especially loves to hate when shes on the rope?
Just oral sex. No toys when she’s tied.

She has an hitachi type vibrator she uses occasionally on herself through her clothes. But just her fingers on her skin.

On the rope it’s just oral sex. Too bad we got too old. Arthritis is a real pain!
Impressive. The folks I know seek out more and more intensity eventually becoming numb. I bet simply using your bodies prevents that burnout.
We accept that which happens. 

When I saw her shrink, the one she liked, who hypnotized her, about her masochism the issue was how to manage her. His only concern was over that escalation idea. I worked closely with her shrinks. Not just for her, but for me, too. But she has real issues. This is just a minor thing.

Summary:
I actually do like being tied up.
I tied the cuffs up over her head.
I know several people who feel just this way.
She’s had a lot of really good help to get where she is now.
My wife pulls really hard on her restraints.
Do you like being tied up?
When I married my wife she was mess.
