Original Response:
[removed]
Did you know the horse racing industry contributes $6 billion to our GDP each year?

Also a very, very tiny amount of race horses are sent to slaughter, the very large majority are rehomed. 

Regardless, I find it interesting that people are okay with cows, pigs, chickens, kangaroo, and a variety of other animals are sent to slaughter without a second thought. 

Full disclosure I enjoy horse racing so I'm biased. 

I also own a racehorse, and I can guarantee you that it doesn't spend 22 hours in a stall, that is laughable if you knew anything about racing/training.
over 50% of horses at knackeries have racing branding and many more are suspected to be wastage from the industry. 
I'm obviously not okay with any animal being sent to slaughter or exploited but you are apparently fine with both?
But that doesn't mean that 50% of ex race horses are sent to slaughter, that's not how statistics work.

I already know that your claim about spending 22 hours in a stall is just a flat out lie, so obviously you're going to have a biased view when you're reading things that are just completely not true about the racing industry.
Just about everything in your original post is bull shit so I'm afraid or credibility is shot to pieces!
I didn't say 50% of ex-race horses, i said over 50% of horses at the knackery ([here's how they end up](https://www.horseracingkills.com/undercover-knackery-investigation/)). Most horses don't even make it to the race track due to being injured or simply not being fast enough (about 60% of thoroughbred foals born per year). 
[Undercover investigations and monitoring of victorian racecourses](https://www.horseracingkills.com/issues/confinement/) found near permanent confinement between races which is also a major contributor to the gastric ulcers that are common in horses used for racing.

You are literally exploiting animals for your own financial and egotistical gain, you should be ashamed of yourself and the whole industry you participate in.
There is nothing in that link that supports your claims and I can't find the Millos, 2005 source, care to link it?

They're just claiming things with no evidence at all. I literally own a race horse, it is not kept in a stall for 22 hours.

She gets taken down to the beach for a swim a couple of times a week, she goes out for play time with the other horses, she gets taken out for walks, and gets taken out for trackwork. All of that multiple times a week. 

She'll also have vet checks, physio checks, cleaning/grooming and feeding time.

But I'm sure they fit that all in the 2 hour window they get a day before she's back in the stall...

If she's not racing she gets sent out to a country farm where she spends the majority of her day in a field with other horses just playing around. I've visited the facility, they allow anyone to come and see what they have, they're a world class stable but I'm sure you know how my horse is treated better than I do.
I literally linked a financial report showing the ACT government payments per annum. 

You, however, frequent horseracing subreddits so i'm pretty sure you can turn a blind eye to both poor use of taxpayer money AND animal abuse.
Obviously you know bugger all about horses or the racing industry. Racehorses have to be fit to compete and they don't get fit standing around in a stable. In NSW a percentage of all prize money goes to rehoming off the track thoroughbreds . They've bought two properties , one near Mudgee and have recently bought Bart Cummings property for this purpose. The Thoroughbred is an immensely useful breed of horse and are bred and trained for many other careers other than racing. Learn a bit about horses and the industry if you want to attack it and be taken seriously.
So because your hobby horse is treated marginally better than the average racehorse, you think that's the norm? The high risk of injury to multimillion dollar horses is why they are kept confined during race season(s) outside of training.
Let's see

-Breed 13,000 foals per year, 60% never make it to a track
-most horses raced are 2 years or younger increasing their risk of skeletal injuries and shortening their 'career'
-there has been documented evidence of drugging during training AND during racing

The industry only bought these properties to take some of the heat off after all the abuse has been revealed. They certainly don't have the capacity for 30,000+ racehorses.

You want to support this industry? Go for it. It's a corrupt, exploitative business and you're all complicit.
It's one of the biggest stables in the country, it's the norm for all their horses and all the other big stables in the country. 

You're not going to injure a horse by taking it on a river walk or down to the beach during it's race training season, you honestly have got no clue...

Also I don't like jumps racing and do think it should be banned as too many horses fall and get injured, so it's not like I blindly like every aspect of the racing industry and think that there is nothing that needs to change.
I'm a horse lover first and foremost and have been around horses all my life. I've retrained many many off the track racehorses and sent them off to good homes. I have and would never turn a blind eye to animal abuse . Ever. Nor would 99% of all people involved with horses. Of course there are a few scum of the earth type people in the horse industry , like any other industry . Don't judge the vast majority of horse people on them though.
What's the first thing you have to do to an animal before you can ride it?

Is that something you would do to someone you love? Break their spirit?
How many horses have you broken in? I've worked with hundreds. Break their spirit? Are you insane?
That is literally what the term break a horse stands for bud.
It's an unfortunate term I'll grant you , because it allows ignorant people to make ludicrous assumptions. I'm not going to run you through how to train a horse in detail , enough to say it's all about trust . Earning the horses trust . Nothing to do with force or " breaking spirits".
Do you genuinely believe that, or is that what you tell yourself to justify doing it?

Riding horses is so bad for their backs, and they would never consent to it if they had a voice. If you love them, why do you put them through things that cause them pain and suffering? Doesn't sound like love, sounds like abuse.
That's so ridiculous I honestly can't work out if you're serious or not! If you are serious all I can say is you quite frankly have no idea what your talking about.
Google it. There are peer reviewed studies proving it damages their backs. Also, horses cannot consent to being ridden.
Google it!! That's funny. I don't need to google it . I know exactly how to fit a saddle and know every horse I've ever had well enough to know exactly how they're feeling and if they're in pain or any distress. And I'm afraid horses consent to being ridden every time someone gets on their back. The average horse weighs 500kilos plus so you can't really believe we puny humans can make them do anything! By the way if you know how Hugh Bowman forces the freakish Winx to pin her ears back, flatten out and run three sub 11 seconds furlongs in a row let the world know. You'll make a fortune!
Here's some reading on the topic for you:
http://www.bitesizevegan.org/bite-size-vegan-nuggets/is-horse-riding-cruel-is-it-vegan/

91.5% of ridden horses in a 2007 study by Matilda Homer found that they had severe damage to their spines. 

A horse let's you ride it, because it fears punishment if it does not. Much like an abused person does not put up a fight when they have been abused for years. Hence the term "broken"

I'm sure Winx is also abused by the same token.
In [a study in 2007](https://www.researchgate.net/publication/286959355_X-ray_alterations_on_spinal_processes_of_295_warmblood_horses_without_clinical_findings), 91.5% of horses showed abnormality of the spine due to saddle riding when x-rayed. These horses, prior to x-ray, were deemed to be in perfect health by their owners/trainers. Narrowing of the internal processes increases likelihood of nerve damage and compression.

There is also the fact that thoroughbred's skeletal system does not finish developing (i.e. the epiphyseal plates having fused and ossified) until they are between 6 and 9 years old. The general age that horses first start racing is around 2 years of age, with training starting prior to this. Winx, for example, has been raced from the time she was two years old.
It's impossible to have a discussion with people who know nothing about horses. Knowledge which can't be gotten from Google. It's called horsemanship and is an ancient art. You're a couple of thousand years too late to be worrying about horses being ridden that's for sure. It's a simple equation really . Horses won't perform if they're in any pain or discomfort. Or if they're stressed or frightened. Horsemanship is all about keeping them happy and healthy , gaining their trust and slowly explaining to them what you want them to do. They can't be forced to perform . It's impossible and there's no " punishment" envolved. Two year old thoroughbreds, like all horses, are immature both physically and mentally and the successful city trainers know what they're doing and exactly how far they can push the youngster without ruining the horses racing future. That's why people trust them with their million dollar yearlings. There is stacks of evidence that the bone developement of young horses is actually help by excersise but they can't be pushed too hard. Winx is as sound as a bell, hasn't been beaten in 3 years and if you think 54 kilo Hugh Bowman is forcing 560 kilo Winx to do what she does then you're crazy.
The point of that study, if you read it, was that owners and trainers couldn't recognise when skeletal damage was occuring. It might not become apparent until after their racing 'career' is over but you are causing irreparable damage to horses for your own selfish gains.

You're the same as greyhound trainers and owners. All about profits and ego. These are living, breathing, sentient creatures you are exploiting.
I couldn't careless about your " study". I'm too busy exploiting my horses. Up at 6 , horses fed,night rugs off day rugs on ,boxes cleaned and horses taken out to their paddocks for the day . All except the 3 in November pure bred Arabian filly Im breaking in. She had her 3rd ride today and behaved like the perfect lady she is. It's slot of hard work exploiting horses , plus of course the expense of feed , vets , farriers, physios and dentists. It's a full time job!
Strange thing to be proud of. I guess when you're neck deep in a filthy industry it's hard to actually take a good look at yourself.

Summary:
I'm too busy exploiting my horses.
Obviously you know bugger all about horses or the racing industry.
I literally own a race horse, it is not kept in a stall for 22 hours.
It's impossible to have a discussion with people who know nothing about horses.
I don't need to google it .
Also, horses cannot consent to being ridden.
Full disclosure I enjoy horse racing so I'm biased.
And I'm afraid horses consent to being ridden every time someone gets on their back.
Doesn't sound like love, sounds like abuse.
The Thoroughbred is an immensely useful breed of horse and are bred and trained for many other careers other than racing.
Winx, for example, has been raced from the time she was two years old.
