Original Response:
Is it a sin to have sex with someone before marrying that person? Is it also a sin to have sex with significant others who you do not marry? I have heard a lot of conflicting answers for this and am somewhat confused.
&gt;Is it a sin to have sex with someone before marrying that person?

Yes.

&gt;Is it also a sin to have sex with significant others who you do not marry?

Also yes.
&gt; Yes.

Can you show where the Bible says this?
Any time the Bible uses the word fornication that means sex before marriage.
Can you point me to a lexicon that says this, or a scholar of ancient Hebrew and/or Greek who can explain this?

I want a source to look at, not someone just making claims without any evidence.
Because the Bible uses mostly principles instead of laws, you will never find the words "premarital sex is a sin" within the Bible. However, if you use critical thinking skills, there are multiple verses in the Bible that point to this. One such verse is 1 Corinthians 6:9 lists (depending on translation or version, this particular one is King James) "fornicators" as those not inheriting the kingdom of God.

Merriam-Webster Dictionary defines fornication as sex between two unmarried persons [see source here](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/fornication). Therefore a fornicator is a person who has sex to someone they are not married to.

In conclusion, since people who commit fornication will not inherit God's Kingdom, and since sinners do not inherit God's Kingdom, both of OPs questions can be answered.
You know what?  I was wrong.  I apologise.  I learned something today. :)

https://www.gotquestions.org/sex-before-marriage.html
[removed]
&gt; Because the Bible uses mostly principles instead of laws

I mean, except for those 600+ laws, with a bunch of them concerning sexual ethics...

&gt; One such verse is 1 Corinthians 6:9 lists (depending on translation or version, this particular one is King James) "fornicators" as those not inheriting the kingdom of God.

Okay. This verse condemns "fornicators". Show us how we're supposed to know what a "fornicator" actually is.

&gt; Merriam-Webster Dictionary

is an English dictionary that originated in the 19th century AD.

It is not a source for interpreting the Bible, or for translating Greek terminology from the first century AD, nor Hebrew terms from before the fourth century BC.
This is not the kind of source I asked for. (It's also an awful apologetics website.) That page alone, even if it admits one small thing here, makes a bunch of other leaps.
The Mosaic Law was a law for the Jews. Christians do not follow the Mosaic Law, but the Mosaic Law still provides important insight into God's thoughts.

If the Bible is truly inspired of God, then don't you think He would make sure what He wants is clear? Could it not be that possibly He inspired later translators to use more modern language with same or similar meaning?

I'm not going to argue with you. I provided a sufficient answer that easily answers the question. If you'd like to do more research on your own, you're more than welcome to. I don't have the time nor obligation to do this for you.
&gt; The Mosaic Law was a law for the Jews. Christians do not follow the Mosaic Law, but the Mosaic Law still provides important insight into God's thoughts.

All the Jewish Christians in the New Testament continued to follow it. Yes, including Paul, who is portrayed as keeping Torah in Acts.

&gt; If the Bible is truly inspired of God, then don't you think He would make sure what he wants is clear?

If it's so clear, why can't anyone point me to the specific text in the Bible that defines sex outside of marriage as a sin?

&gt; I provided a sufficient answer that easily answers the question.

Far from it. You cited a 19th century English dictionary and one verse in the NT, neither of which answered the question.
If you're really curious, you might try doing your own research. Use any search engine to search for the very things you're asking, you're more likely to get an answer that you're looking for.

As a final help, you might try searching for this term, as it is the direct Greek taken from the verse I mentioned that translates into "fornication" from it's origin "pornos."

&gt;πόρνοι
I'm asking the people making the claims in this thread to back up their claims. No one's done it yet.

Instead, we have an English dictionary, a single verse in the NT that merely mentions "fornicators" without explanation for what that is, and an apologetics website that cites an apologist and two modern ethical books but no academic sources.
“Fornicators” is the modern English translation given to the original word, which would have been in Ancient Greek. Bible interpreters have interpreted that Greek word as the English word fornicators, as that Greek word means what we call fornication. 

The teaching that sex before marriage is wrong has been passed down through the church since the time of Jesus and there is no evidence of there ever being any controversy over this.
&gt;I'm asking the people making the claims in this thread to back up their claims. No one's done it yet.

&gt;Instead, we have an English dictionary, a single verse in the NT that merely mentions "fornicators" without explanation for what that is, and an apologetics website that cites an apologist and two modern ethical books but no academic sources.

I genuinely cannot tell if you're trolling or not. I am truly impressed.
Yes, I'm serious. I want the people claiming sex before marriage is a sin to *show their work*.

The apologetics site is not scholarly. The only NT texts cited merely mention "fornicators" with explaining what they are. An English dictionary is both the wrong language and the wrong millennium.

I want to a see a biblical text that directly condemns sex before marriage as a sin. Or a lexicon of ancient Hebrew or ancient Greek showing that the words usually translated "fornication" literally refer to pre-marital sex. Or a modern scholar of ancient Hebrew or ancient Greek who can spell it out.
Okay. I'm asking for scholarly sources to look at. Not just taking the word of someone on a message board.
Well I hope you find what you're looking for.
I hope you're able to answer questions about ethical concerns fully and directly, instead of accusing people of being trolls because they insisted you back up what you're claiming.
Hun, I was just linking it to show I was wrong.
Sorry.
I already backed myself up, and I used sources that don't agree with your thinking and therefore for some reason to you they don't count.

I also already told you that you will never find the exact words you are looking for. You're asking for something that literally doesn't matter. Even if it was okay to have premarital sex, is it really going to hurt if you don't?
Then ask scholars.
&gt; I used sources that don't agree with your thinking

No, you used that don't *explain* anything. One is a modern English dictionary, and the other is just a list.

&gt; I also already told you that you will never find the exact words you are looking for.

I'm not asking for "exact words". I'm asking for something more substantial than a dictionary in the wrong language and wrong millennium, or one NT verse that merely mentions the agent noun without actually defining what the action is.
I'm asking the people making the claims to back up their claims.

If it's a moral issue that threatens a person with eternal damnation, you'd think the people claiming to have the answer would be eager to back up what they're talking about *because they're trying to save people from everlasting torment*, instead of immediately turning snide and dismissive.

Either they don't really care about people's eternal fate and just enjoy the sense of being on the moral high ground, or they don't really know how to back up what they believe.
You’ve been given answers. If you need scholarly sources to tell you what words mean and what has been taught without controversy for thousands of years, then ask some academics. There’s even a sub-reddit for it. Or just Google it.
&gt; If you need scholarly sources to tell you what words mean and what has been taught without controversy for thousands of years

This is a poor excuse to "just believe what we tell you". The entire Protestant schism took place because "this is what we've always taught" was no longer received as an acceptable answer.
So you’re saying that every Christian denomination has been getting it wrong for almost 2000 years, but your the one person who has noticed this mistake?

It’s not about “believing what your told”, it’s about applying the common meaning to words and listening to the knowledge of those who have gone before you. If I say, “I am male”, I shouldn’t need to get a doctor to explain what I mean by “male” or to certify that I am in fact male.
&gt; So you’re saying that every Christian denomination has been getting it wrong for almost 2000 years, but your the one person who has noticed this mistake?

I said nothing like this. The Christians on this sub are doing an incredible job of outright lying about the people they're talking to. You're the third person today who's done it to me.

What I did say, repeatedly, was "Show where the Bible actually says this. Show your sources. Cite a Hebrew or Greek lexicon, or a scholar of those languages."

&gt; If I say, “I am male”, I shouldn’t need to get a doctor to explain what I mean by “male” or to certify that I am in fact male.

False equivalency. You speak English and the people you're talking to are your contemporaries who also speak English. If you speak English and start making claims about some technical word in Spanish, they're gonna want some verification you know what you're talking about. I'm asking about the words used in two different languages from two thousand years ago or more, and whether, in their own time and place, they actually mean what modern English speakers claim they mean.
&gt; I said nothing like this.

No, but it is the natural conclusion of what you are saying, if you are claiming that the church’s teaching on sex outside of marriage is wrong.

&gt; False equivalency.

It’s not a false equivalency at all. You have been shown in the Bible where it says fornication is wrong. You are claiming that fornication doesn’t necessarily mean sex outside of marriage, although that is the dictionary definition of the word. The Bible has been translated into English by experts and the English versions and original language versions are available for experts and scholars to check and no one has ever raised this as an incorrect translation. 

There are probably no academic or scholarly writings on the topic, as it is obvious and without dispute.

Summary:
I'm asking for scholarly sources to look at.
I'm not asking for "exact words".
Bible interpreters have interpreted that Greek word as the English word fornicators, as that Greek word means what we call fornication.
Any time the Bible uses the word fornication that means sex before marriage.
I want the people claiming sex before marriage is a sin to *show their work*.
One is a modern English dictionary, and the other is just a list.
I want a source to look at, not someone just making claims without any evidence.
Therefore a fornicator is a person who has sex to someone they are not married to.
I'm asking the people making the claims to back up their claims.
You have been shown in the Bible where it says fornication is wrong.
Can you show where the Bible says this?
Is it a sin to have sex with someone before marrying that person?
