Original Response:
&gt; How the fuck am I supposed to know if your real 

Code word for, I want to know if you are a woman so I can flirt with you.
Yeah and Instagram is going to confirm that?

HAaaaaaaaaaaa Ha.
*woman
Sorry :) fixed it
Isn't this on Facebook? They should already know each other's genders
Their profile picture is three women so likely the other way around.
No, the icons are slightly different and it would also have a thumbs up option in the lower corner. No clue what app it is though.
[deleted]
No its code for "are you hot?"
Whisper
It's whisper
I just go with the assumption that when the profile picture is more than 1 girl, especially if all of the pictures are more than one girl, it’s the one you least want to meet.
That must be some kind of unwritten rule, because it is 99% accurate.
&gt; How the fuck am I supposed to know if your real

That unreal grammar though.
[deleted]
They're hoping for the cheerleader effect where they will appear hotter if they are in the presence of a group of hot people.
If there are no full body pictures, they're large
Extra extra large
You can usually still tell by the face, although the overusage of angle shots from above will hide this, so also watch out for those.
Super hard to tell sometimes. I found if one picture looked like a slight chance of them a being a tiny bit chubby, they always ended up being morbidly obese. Maybe this guys cringey reaction was after this happened again and again.
A valid inquiry
Or they are just hoping you can't figure out which one they are
And that will will be too polite to leave immediately so you will give them a chance. I didn’t do that, left and played call of duty with my friends, best first date ever
Or maybe a segway in to "tits for proof?"
I'm bi and I come across a lot of tinder profiles that are one very mediocre looking guy and one or two drop dead gorgeous women. I'm always hoping the profile is for one of the women but it never is.
I think that’s a psychological thing. “Look I associate with beautiful women, therefor I must have value they deem worthy of my company.”
Sorry, ^^No, ^^the ^^icons ^^are ^^slightly ^^different ^^and ^^it ^^would ^^also ^^have ^^a ^^thumbs ^^up ^^option ^^in ^^the ^^lower ^^corner. ^^No ^^clue ^^what ^^app ^^it ^^is ^^though.
Similar rule for girls looking for guys: if his main profile pic is a cute dog, he is proportionately ugly
Not at all, it looks like it's already on Tinder. They want to know if they're a woman so they don't get catfished.
I think that’s a good rule for everyone. If their main profile picture isn’t just them, probably something wrong.
TIL I'm not real...
Same
My entire freakin family is badgering me to use Facebook and Whatsapp.

I left Facebook behind 3 years ago because of how bad it was for myself and the real damage it had done to a friend of mine who lost herself in certain Facebook groups.

I tested Whatsapp when it was new and was "meh" and then vowed to never used it the second Facebook bought them. Same for Instagram.

I've explained them all that, showed them all the shit Facebook is up to and that Whatsapp and Instragram ARE Facebook and they just don't give a shit.


And don't give a shit so badly they are trying to peer pressure me in some shitty ways into rejoining Facebook and joining WhatsApp.
Shit, same here
Are we real if no one can see us? Shit's deep man
What’s wrong with WhatsApp? It’s just a messaging app, not a social network. It uses really good encryption to encrypt all of your conversations. Just because Facebook bought it doesn’t mean they get to do what they want with it. I understand why some people despise social networks, but I am pretty sure your family only wants you to join so they can keep in touch with you.
Take care
[removed]
If the problem is losing yourself in pages then is reddit actually better?
WhatsApp Is quality, and I wish people in my country used it instead of Facebook messenger as the primary method of contacting each other.
She isn't on Reddit and still lost in Facebook groups.

You have no idea how damaging Facebook actually is, even more so for people who are already dealing with anxiety, depression and a variety of other issues.

I don't have a problem with Reddit. I know no one here, I don't care to know anyone here, I don't know or care how anyone is doing, don't give a crap if they disappear or change accounts.

I myself change accounts every 100K Karma (which I'll be doing soon again).

Reddit could as well be completely run by robot commenters. If the memes and discussions were still the same, I'd enjoy it.


Comparing Reddit with Facebook is possibly something Reddit wants, especially now they are trying to push social platform features on us, but they are about as far removed as you can imagine.
I stopped existing when I didn't sign up for MySpace, Facebook and Twitter.
Since fb bought it they've had several privacy issues, incl linking your WhatsApp id to your fb or ig account, which they promised they wouldn't do when they bought it.
I just check all of those Apps and I cannot see anywhere about linking WhatsApp. Even tho, they still some of the best encryption out there
There were several articles describing it a couple of years ago.
Yes because reddit
My condolences
I prefer signal for private conversations.
Signal is great but WhatsApp isn’t bad either. It’s among the best free apps out there for encrypted messaging and calls
I wasn't real till I signed up for MySpace in 2005
Not sure why you were downvoted here. Facebook is cancer.
There's research that shows it and additionally it's been shown that Facebook fucks with people on purpose for their own social experiments.
Take it easy on cancer comparing it to Facebook. Cancer can at least do some good.
Source?
That it's bad for you or Facebook was doing experiments?
What do you mean by fucks with people? Showing ads?
&gt; it's been shown that Facebook fucks with people on purpose for their own social experiments.

For this.

I'm aware Facebook is bad, I don't use it, but I've never heard it before.
[Facebook Tinkers with Users Emotions in News Feed experiment, stirs outcry](https://www.nytimes.com/2014/06/30/technology/facebook-tinkers-with-users-emotions-in-news-feed-experiment-stirring-outcry.html)

[Facebook manipulates users emotions with news feed](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jun/29/facebook-users-emotions-news-feeds)

[Facebook sorry – almost – for secret psychological experiment on users](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/oct/02/facebook-sorry-secret-psychological-experiment-users)

[Facebook ‘conducted widespread experiments’ on user data to ‘alter people’s behaviour’](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/technology/facebook/10944613/Facebook-conducted-widespread-experiments-on-user-data-to-alter-peoples-behaviour.html)

[10 Other Facebook Experiments On Users, Rated On A Highly-Scientific WTF Scale](https://www.forbes.com/sites/kashmirhill/2014/07/10/facebook-experiments-on-users/#5ee08ab71c3d)


And so on and so on.
Check my response to ElitNub.
Thanks.
And you'll notice, those aren't particularly gossip rags or internet blog grade news sources :@

It was soon after all that came out and my friend going down the deep end in Facebook lalaland (MBTI groups and other cliques that formed from those specifically) I took a hard exit from Facebook and swore of using any of their services ever again.

I also stopped using Chrome and most of their services.

Took me over a month to craft a AOSP rom for my current phone to get rid of Googles taint in that too.

Corporations like Facebook and Google can not only be trusted with your data, they can not be trusted in forming your perceptions.
I wish I had learned this fact earlier. I could've gotten away with some awesome shit and no one could trace it back since I don't have a Snapchat or Instagram.
That's cool I guess. 

I don't really use social media often enough to justify all of that. I have a facebook that I've practically never posted on and I check maybe once a week at the most to keep track of school clubs. 

I'm not really too worried about Google having my data either personally, and I'm not really worried about being influenced by them either.
You just don't "know" if you're real. Try ig or snapchat to find out now!
Some people don’t use social media believe it or not.
But if you use social media to meet and talk to people you should expect others to want to verify they aren’t being catfishes etc. 

I tell my single friend who’s on dating apps that if they refuse to add you on Snapchat it’s a waste of time. If they’re real and they want to continue talking to you it’s not a huge deal for them to join Snapchat, but if they’re fake/lying about who they are then they won’t do it. I’m sure there’s people who are real/are who they say they are but don’t want Snapchat, but I think there’s too much risk involved when getting close to someone you can’t see.
Exactly! This person that snapped on OP acted rude but has a point. When I met my fiance years ago, his FB was barely existent and looked fake and he used no other social media. It took months of getting to know him before I believed he wasn't hiding a wide or family from me.¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
That's funny, because I would assume your friend is just mostly just using tinder for IG/Snap followers and ignore them.

Just fucking exchange numbers.
Yeah... I have an old phone with not a lot of space. Fuck me for not wanting a snap chat that I'll never use to prove to one person that I'm "real."
I'd prefer to not hand my personal number out to anyone who wants it.
I once was going on a date with a girl I met on tinder who was using her sisters pictures. The girl turned out to be morbidly obsesse, I just turned around and left without any explination. I now don't trust tinder girls until I get them on social media.
Google voice!
I get catfishing is an issue but doesn't taking a current photo  with a note that reads "September 15th 2018 for greenfan033" suffice? I would do a verification photo but I am not polluting my cell phone with Facebook/Snapchat.
Yeah no way would I join Snapchat to prove I'm real. In fact anyone who asked me to do that I would assume is too social media obsessed for me. Besides joining in the moment and having fake pictures vs having fake pictures on tinder/okcupid/pof etc. seems like it would be pretty easy.
That's interesting... I wouldn't add Snapchat to prove I'm real to someone. It's too big an ask from a rando. I just don't want it on my phone. And I'd think it's weird if someone really insisted on me getting Snapchat, like, there are other ways to prove I'm real. 

I'd rather send them a pic of me holding a sign with the date or whatever.
does google voice have a number that people can call?
Yeah I have a separate number for calls and texts that's apart from my real number. I got it for clients who call but also use it for Craigslist deals. Was free for me at least. Totally worth using.
I've been making calls from gmail for years but I have never seen a number that people can call me back on... Are gmail hangouts and google voice two different programs?
Too big an ask? What? Just remove them if ti doesn't work lol.
I mean that I don't have snapchat in the first place haha
Apparently I can't read
Yes they're different
[deleted]
Well OP obviously does, since they're talking to a stranger on it
In Snapchat you kind of have to take a picture with Snapchat in order to send it. You generally can’t use photos from your camera roll and when you do use a picture from your camera roll it has a specific border that shows it wasn’t taken in Snapchat right then. 

It’s the best way that I know how to see if someone is who they say they are short of meeting them in person or FaceTiming them.
Yeah I mean that’s fair if you don’t want to be on Snapchat but it’s something I and my friends trust more than our ability to detect photoshop so if you wouldn’t add it then I’d encourage my friend to talk more to someone who will add her on it. 

I’m assuming people might not know exactly what Snapchat is and how hard it is to send a photo you didn’t take within the app in that moment, and when you do send an older photo then there’s a frame around it indicating it wasn’t taken right then. It’s a pretty good way to quickly see if someone is who they say they are.
Eh, I don’t like people messaging me outside of dating apps or being able to see my story until I’ve verified you’re not insane.

I usually just give my phone number before scheduling a date. If they’re suspicious that’s on them.
You can send pictures of other people and claim that it’s you through text.

Much harder to do it through snapchat. Which is the point.
It seems like this thread is full of a lot of people who just don’t know how Snapchat actually works.
This reminds me to delete Snapchat.
No one asked me if I had a Snapchat until after I deleted it. I sure don’t miss it, though. What a useless app.
You mean you don't want to see people you know sharing mundane shit they do just so they get likes?
No likes on Snapchat mate.
You don't get likes on Snapchat.
Definitely.  I don’t get it and after the 10th stupid Snapchat notification ... imma done.  Doesn’t make any sense.
Did you have it in high school/early college? People are way more likely to send nudes over it than text.
[deleted]
Does that stop you from completely understanding what I'm trying to say?
It's a joke. Read it in a more jovial way
But you gotta admit, the first 9 selfies I posted to my story today were pretty interesting!

Summary:
I just don't want it on my phone.
You don't get likes on Snapchat.
Yeah no way would I join Snapchat to prove I'm real.
I don't have a problem with Reddit.
I wouldn't add Snapchat to prove I'm real to someone.
No one asked me if I had a Snapchat until after I deleted it.
That it's bad for you or Facebook was doing experiments?
What do you mean by fucks with people?
You just don't "know" if you're real.
does google voice have a number that people can call?
I'm aware Facebook is bad, I don't use it, but I've never heard it before.
You mean you don't want to see people you know sharing mundane shit they do just so they get likes?
They want to know if they're a woman so they don't get catfished.
No likes on Snapchat mate.
Just because Facebook bought it doesn’t mean they get to do what they want with it.
Some people don’t use social media believe it or not.
&gt; it's been shown that Facebook fucks with people on purpose for their own social experiments.
Are we real if no one can see us?
