Original Response:
[removed]
What's prone masturbation?
I think it means lying on your back&gt;?
Awh ok.. How does it effect masturbation? Is bad or something?
It's essencially masturbating in the face down position and can cause problems in sex, like being unable to cum.
Awh ok gotcha, thanks 👌🏻
I don't know?  

This seems really weird,  might b because I'm women but I usually do it on my back.   

For some reason I think it might be one of those guy things because it puts you in a submissive position.
No problem 😉
I am terribly curious how this can cause problems in sex for men.
Face down masturbation creates a pressure and sensation that are unachievable in other positions (mostly because of body wait and the angle of the penis being pressed into the mattress/whatever). Doing this and only this for long periods of time can make it difficult to find other sensations, like sitting up and jerking it, or actually sliding your dick into a vagina, feel muted and not as pleasurable. It’s the same principle as death grip, with the added danger of the constant pressure and weight potentially causing nerve damage. [Further Reading On The Topic Here](http://www.healthystrokes.com) 

Edit: prone masturbation is frequently the way most adolescents, male and female, discover masturbation, but most people grow out of it fairly early on as they move on to other sensations. It also has the potential to create problems for women who do it as well.
Neat.

the more you know.
What you said on the edit was what happened to me. I didn't knew what was masturbation and I found it like this.
You’re very young and as long as you don’t do it frequently in the prone position from now going into adulthood I don’t imagine you’ll have any problems at all. It’s a natural progression for many people to start with prone and move on to other things. From what I’ve read, the men who have issues because of it have been doing it with frequency for years.

Summary:
I am terribly curious how this can cause problems in sex for men.
It's essencially masturbating in the face down position and can cause problems in sex, like being unable to cum.
