Original Response:
After HoT and PoF, what do you want to be added to the game? New classes? New spec? Underwater mounts/maps/missions? etc..
An original area that hasn't been visited in GW1 first, something unique, that isn't partially sold on a sense of nostalgia.

And a cool feature would be random replayable collections, but that might not be grand enough to be marketed as expansion stuff.
I like you. Everyone is hoping for cantha and I'm here wishing for janthir, the Charr homelands or the west coast of Tyria.
All of that above and a fully-fledged templates system including stowing place for used gear, shareability, preview and everything everyones heart could desire.
Seriously. The gw1 fanservice has been nice and all, but I'm definitely ready to move on and let gw2 explore some new stuff now.
I would like to see the far North! So it can include little bits of nostalgia (e.g. a map that includes the Hall of Monuments), while mostly pushing into new unexplored areas... (Flame Legion stuff as well as Norn/Kodan stuff)
It's nostalgic, but I just want an apocalyptic wasteland like when you first went to ascalon post-game
Preach
Yeah, or at the very least if they’re going to do Cantha they should do it in a way that the region has changed an incredible amount, to the point it’s purposefully indistinguishable. Like a super high tech Cantha that’s almost entirely mechanical and light years ahead in technology in order to deal with the DSD.
Or at least continue to evolve on the already quite apparent and logical progression of magitech in the societies.  I for one actually like seeing technology advance as the story progresses.
Charr homelands is a decent candidate, given how far east the world map got expanded together with PoF.

We can't really see it ingame, but a bunch of stuff to the far east got more detailed together with PoF. [That lake for example looks pretty promising](https://www.thatshaman.com/tools/guide/?v=4&amp;x=-834.5&amp;y=1395&amp;z=1)
You do know that everything in the game so far has been a gw1 element yes? Like, they have so much more foundation left to lay before creating new areas.

Summary:
I would like to see the far North!
I for one actually like seeing technology advance as the story progresses.
