Original Response:
My gw2 account just got banned!

I just created 2 characters on it the next day i tried to login and i get this message.  I had no progress further then doing the first mission and joining a guild.

EDIT: Support ticket has been send.

https://i.redd.it/2bhknu3v5vj11.png
There is no definitive proof that they are banning accounts that are just using the promo. This needs to be taken with a grain of salt until we hear from anet. At the moment this is only serving as scare mongering.
Well if we start seeing more posts about it later on in the future, you'll know for sure then.
Maybe but even then it may still not be true, it could people making 10 alts using the promo or people trolling or they were banned from something completely unrelated. During the ban wave 6 months back many people were claiming to only of used Taco or arc but were lying there were a some false negatives that got caught in the ban wave but not nearly as many as were claiming it on reddit.
I think this is the second post about banned accounts that was using the promotion.
Coincidentally, OPs reddit account was made today... could be that he doesn't use reddit actively, could also be to stir up drama. Not wanting to discredit OP, but I've never seen Arenanet act so quickly in banning people. Guess the only way we would know is a lot of threads popping up or Arenanet speaking out.
I do daily read reddit but i indeed made the account today because i never had a reason to post something.
I hope you don't see this as an offense, I'm just generally on the "be careful and doubt" side.
I do not see this as a offence.
My account is about 1 month old, but I bought Core, POF and HoT on it off the bat (1 month ago), should I be vary of using the key for heroic edition you think?
I wouldn't waste the heroic edition key on the account that already has everything fully active.  Heroic edition key is just for some boosters, an armor set, and an 18 slot bag (all items you can in game anyway)  If I were you I'd make a 2nd account and use the key on that, get more login rewards that you can send to your main account.
I used the the 1 set of keys I got from the promo on my account and haven't had an issue. They are intended to be used so there should be nothing to worry about but many people have been getting more than their fair share of codes through a bug that some have exploited, this may cause their codes to become banned or people setting up accounts in such a way they they get flagged as "suspicious" but we still have no definitive proof anyone was banned for using a promo code.
I see it as a fence.. Picket fence.
You wont see more posts. The moderators appear to be hiding them.
You can share your possible bans here, there is no need to make a thread for each one.
I don't see why.  There is no megathread about it.  And even more just confirm the "Rumor" they tagged it with.
They are hiding them now because Chris responded to the incident :P

Summary:
There is no definitive proof that they are banning accounts that are just using the promo.
I do not see this as a offence.
I think this is the second post about banned accounts that was using the promotion.
