Original Response:
Am I wrong for thinking he also could've tapped?
Dude was so exhausted and concussed he prob just shelled up and forgot that he could tap.
I don't believe in this idea that he forgot he could tap, these are professional fighters, they always know their options of ending a fight if they're finished physically (and are still conscious).
Have you been concussed?
You can be alert and talking but not know what year it is or where you are. Forgetting to tap or not knowing what tapping is isn't strange.
There is no way you actually believe a fighter is fully aware of every option during a fight. You honestly believe because he is a professional fighter that means he was actually aware of what was going on while getting pummeled? I feel like you haven't been watching MMA for very long if you think fighters never have mental lapses during a fight. Hell, just look at some of Eddie Alvarez's fights if you think a "professional fighter" always knows their options.
Chael made it all the way to the top of the UFC and thought that tapping out just ended the round. He had no idea it would stop the whole contest! We need to educate these fighters better!
He could of, sure, but its the refs job to protect him and he did a piss poor job of it.
No you’re just outside the cj right now. We’re overnight blackballing Herb Dean, no room for personal responsibility.
&gt;There is no way you actually believe a fighter is fully aware of every option during a fight.

Actually there is, because I do believe that, because THEY'RE PROFESSIONAL FIGHTERS. You can have your own opinion, but you're not going to tell me that I can't possibly believe that a professional fighter isn't aware of all the rules and things they can do in the cage. You obviously haven't been watching MMA for very long.
Everyone keeps saying he was concussed and that he forgot to tap, but at the end of the round PER THIS ARTICLE: Upon the round’s conclusion, Dollaway stayed down on the canvas and audibly announced several times that he was done

If he can verbally say he's finished after the round's complete and after getting ground and pounded, he could have tapped. He refused to which IS STUPID. Because the guy suffered enough brain damage earlier this year from an elevator accident.

Summary:
Actually there is, because I do believe that, because THEY'RE PROFESSIONAL FIGHTERS.
There is no way you actually believe a fighter is fully aware of every option during a fight.
