Original Response:
who wouldve thought in 2012 that end game content in gw2 2018 will be this
And the most shiny / flashy things back then were the legendary weapons and the Fractal Capacitor backpack.
Remember when shiny meta was Eternity and fractal capacitor? Ah, memories.
Remember when CC was just distracting with side boobs and cleavage? now its blinding.
Pretty sure fractals weren't around back then.
Fractals and fractal capacitor were introduced around Halloween 2012.
And everyone didn't friggin have wings.

Love GW2, but it makes me sad this games visual identity has gotten so unbelievably wonky and silly.  We are getting closer and closer to Korean MMO tier when it comes to cosmetics.
Lost Shore, November 2012
Sadly the big amount of customization options this game offers also makes it a target for people who don't know what they're doing with it. I know Skritt are supposed to be a bit of a joke but funnily enough a lot of players behave exactly like them, just going for the biggest, shiniest toys. 

Anet is part of the problem though. While some things they add can be good if used with thought, others are just straight up eye sores solely added to please people's need to make their characters living suns. 

Usually any criticism of it is met with "fuck you, let people have fun", which just shows how obsessive people are about their shinies. If they hadn't started adding more and more ridiculous stuff I guarantee you people would still have fun because they never had those other options to begin with. 

There's a bunch of games that keep people entertained while also keeping an overall aesthetic and theme to their game that isn't constantly disturbed by new content. Heck, a lot of games are even able to keep everything "lore friendly" but anet already fails to just have some visual consistency.
The wing things started with a Aion promotion in GW1. There was also a Halloween costume as well. It was pretty popular so it’s not surprising they would introduce them again. 

It really screws with the game’s look though since you don’t see NPCs walking around with them. Only one race does and their “wings” are for swimming.
To me, Skritt have always felt like a metaphor for the playerbase. They mean well, but arn't too bright individually, spend large amounts of time chasing after silly things, have a very short attention span, sometimes fly off the handle and, of course, are obsessed with shinies. That said, they also have good hearts, help eachother and, when they come together, can accomplish amazing things. I see a lot of myself there.
&gt; I know Skritt are supposed to be a bit of a joke but funnily enough a lot of players behave exactly like them, just going for the biggest, shiniest toys.

While people have asked to make skritts a playable race, humans are already a playable race for skritts.
It was only logical. It all started in GW1 with chaos gloves - the most shiny skin then. Everyone had them. People want to be a shiny silhouette. What if Skritt are actually parody of GW2 players?
I must confess that I was a 'skritt' when I first started playing this game.

My first ever cosmetic gem store purchase was the black raven wings when they were first introduced and to this day I have always regretted it. The feeling of standing out and showing off never satisfied and for this reason I haven't used them since. My reasoning for buying these wings would be to show how accomplished and threatening I am but it seemed to achieve the opposite. 

Guild wars 2 has many fashion options but finding a decent, unique look can difficult; this is why we need simpler armor skins + backpacks that somewhat look good. I wish there was a wider range of diverse armor skins but that's not the case: heavy armor has too many butt capes, not enough shirtless torsos (I especially want these for my charr). Medium: TRENCHCOATS TRENCHCOATS, in my wardrobe I have a couple of medium skins that aren't trechcoats. Light armor is ok but still could use some more skins. The addition to being able to dye backpacks would be amazing, as of now my main does not wear any backpacks as colors are always out of place

Tldr: Add more unique armor skins, let us dye backpacks.
At least in Aion it was fitting and you only saw them if you actually flew (which you only could in some zones)
Yah in Aion flight was a actual mechanic, the GW crossover was just something pushed by NCsoft.
anet pls buff boobies. the powercreep is real
Good god, you have nailed it. Though I tend to keep the 'shiny' things on my alts. My main is a roleplay toon so if it isn't what the character would wear, it's not on her. Though she does have some odd fashion choices from time to time (She once had holographic wings, ICly explained by a hologram generator on her backpack.)

On a side note, I want some more actual backpacks, beyond the crafting ones.
Well, almost, depending on who you ask people become dumber in a group. On the other hand, society's capacity to get things done, is in some way proportional to the number of people. 

With Skritt it's at least empirically observed that an individual skritt is helpless against even simple questioning, while a group can achieve a collective intelligence higher than the individual Skritt. We don't know if there's an upper limit to this. Maybe if you give Skritt access to reddit, they become a major power?
RE:Shirtless Torsos

You can only use the Scallywag chestpiece so many times before it feels played out. my beefy shirtless norn would like more options please
This is why ANet won't give us playable Skritt.

We *are* the Skritt. The Skritt is us.

&amp;nbsp;

We're all Skritt. A little bit. On the inside.
anet to add the booby slider a la Conan plz
But skritt get smarter when they are together. You can still have a mindless zerg of players.
Yeah in humans it's usually the opposite.
WvW ascended armor for medium is not a trenchcoat(for human female and asura female anyway, haven't checked others)

I definitely agree with heavy armor and too many butt capes, especially for female. It's very hard to find a good armored pants look for a female character. I had this ascended armor set that looks awesome on a male character. I moved it to a female character and I hated it.

I don't regret the black wings because I like it for gliding :P But yeah I don't think any of my characters use it for their backpack.
People don't want to just be shiny. They want to wear whatever is the most expensive items they can, which is why everyone had chaos gloves. Appearance is irrelevant to these people.
Gonna be down voted here, but I probably wouldn't play the game nearly as much without the ridiculous skins available. I'm not personally into aura stacking, but I fail to see how this person's fashion choice affects you (apart from maybe sensitivity to bright lights, but that's already bonkers in large PvE fights.) The game world belongs to them just as much as it belongs to you.
[deleted]
I personally like to use the Gladiator Chestplate on [my Norn](https://i.imgur.com/QX5XTIl.png?1) and there's other alternatives like the Barbaric Coat, Elonian &amp; Spearmarshal's Breastplate, Eagle and Dolyak Mail and the Pit Fighter Chestguard but I guess some of them might cover a bit too much for your liking.
The game is largely funded by people buying cosmetics.

Concerns about taste and visual design are always going to be secondary to the desires of people buying stuff.
[deleted]
So Skritt are the smarter humans
I also don't mind them at all. It can be stressful in party gameplay but other than that, go ahead with whatever you like. If someone wants to be a blinding orb of light, I am not the one to judge.
Im the same way! But the way I do it is that I basically become the toon. Because holographic and bladed wings are normal and can be even usefull of course he is gonna wear them.
Whats wrong with trenchcoats?
Design wise they are fine, but the amount of trenchcoats vs non-trenchcoats for medium armor is absurd.
Heh, you do you.
All the non trenchcoat armour looks weird because then it's just a short.
The summoned weapons, corrupted weapons, spirit weapons, jotun sword and the CoF armour all hinted at it sadly.
I am glad I have them, they are good for my tengu themed warrior
Be nice to just have a filter, a menu item to hide non friends / guildmates like in wvw and pvp.

It really screws with the sense of immersion and care. So glad we can mute toy/backpack noises now, that sab monkey used to drive me nuts.
I'd personally use that if it applied to certain things like this, but MMOs (particularly cosmetic focused ones like this) are inherently ego-driven. Why would I bother making all the gold (or spending a wad of real cash) to obtain all these auras if no one's going to look at it besides me? A move like this would definitely hurt Anet's bottom line
Well yeah but I'm looking for *more* shirtless, not less
Because most players don't touch the options menu

And because siding eith assholes isn't the right option and proves the "what are they doing to you" aspect wrong. Because those people actively want the people who don't like their appearance to see them.

Another option is a server/world option where it would throw you into shards populated with a majority of players who choose the same option when possible.

And again, you wouldn't know if someone was seeing your gaudy glare of shit or not.

Summary:
People don't want to just be shiny.
I see a lot of myself there.
People want to be a shiny silhouette.
I also don't mind them at all.
The game is largely funded by people buying cosmetics.
While people have asked to make skritts a playable race, humans are already a playable race for skritts.
Though I tend to keep the 'shiny' things on my alts.
It all started in GW1 with chaos gloves - the most shiny skin then.
So Skritt are the smarter humans.
The wing things started with a Aion promotion in GW1.
Light armor is ok but still could use some more skins.
