Original Response:
KTM's are giant festering pieces of shit.  Fuck owning them and fuck owning and working on them.  They are trash and the company that makes them preys on of the fuckboy fanatics that own them. :edit because words.
Who hurt you
What is the problem with them?
Preys not prays.

I'd buy me a KTM 390 or Enduro. Easy to maintain, high quality, distinct look, best thumpers in the market.
I'm not that guy, and I don't necessarily agree with him, but generally speaking, I find KTMs ugly and oddly proportioned (to look at - never ridden one).  That said, I have an S1000R, which isn't universally loved for its looks.
Honestly I agree. It's beyond me how they can't make a reliable thumper. Every other manufacturing has done it since the 90s.
Lol what is your manufacturer of choice then?
When did that start? I've got a 23 year old LC4 in the garage that's been a tank some I bought the thing when it was four years old.
Right? My RFS motor has been treating me well too. I don't get the hate for KTM's
All the issues people have with the 690s and 390s
Google KTM "any model" reliability - you'll have a good read.
Glad you got one that's not fucked.  I had the misfortune of working on several RC8's and a few dozen Superduke 1290's all of which seems to come completely fucked from the factory and KTM were the most difficult company to deal with.  As a comparison when I worked on a customers brand new GSX-R1000 it came into the shop 4 times for the same issue and Suzuki replaced the bike.  I had one customer that had a completely fucked from the factory RC8 and KTM didn't validate the warranty at first, then the just said "it's how the customer rides the bike" and that was it.  The customer traded the bike for next to nothing and purchased an S1000RR and apart from services and tires the thing has never been in the shop.
I don't have one.  Although there are brands that are less prone to factory defects.

Summary:
Fuck owning them and fuck owning and working on them.
I don't get the hate for KTM's.
