Original Response:
[removed]
Really trying hard to find what kind of conspiracy is shown here.
[deleted]
[removed]
Hey it's a public post near the top of /all, you're welcome to judge as you see fit. I'm certainly judging and my judgement is that it's incredibly stupid.
No, no you do not.
wouldn't it be the opposite? usually it's right wing people like ron paul who don't like the federal reserve
Sometimes the fringes find common ground.
No one said it was proof of a conspiracy. Not every single post is supposed to be definitive proof of a conspiracy. The fact this sub allows pedantic shits starting arguments over your own stupidity constantly is why this subreddit fucking sucks now.
How can our banks be real if our papers-with-numbers aren’t real
[deleted]
I’m confused as to how the fuck it’s the top comment on the page here lol. Who supports these fire starters? I’ve literally seen this picture posted before on here with good conversation that followed. This just seems like another play to try to make conspiracy theorists seem crazy again. Just by judging the comments alone if feels like people are just coming here to attack.
I upvote both occasionally
[deleted]
The game monopoly was created to mirror the rigged system of the real world. It was designed by the creator to be a satirical game. So for those that know it is based off of reality, can connect the dots.

Did you know it was based on the real world capitalism?
[deleted]
[deleted]
What about down voting both?

I like to feel like I do my part sometimes by down voting absolute nonsense.

But the nonsense always wins...
right, this board believes a board game represents reality
Yet votes with republicans like 95% of the time.
You must be absolutely daft.
[deleted]
Libertarians are the only people worse than today's Republicans.  They'd turn grocery shopping into the Hunger Games if they had their way.
[removed]
Please point out where OP specifies this is "obvious proof" of a "banking conspiracy"?
[deleted]
What kind of blow-hard jackass are you? Do you feel intelligent for this comment? It's a funny post, remove the stick from your ass and enjoy it. No one said the rule was the actual reality of the situation.
Yes, the idea that the Federal Reserve Bank can simply write on pieces of paper and create money out of thin air and simply loan it to the United States to be paid back with interest is Rule 11 in this Monopoly game.

It is an unintentional, yet accurate representation of a broken financial system. Broken to some, purposely driven to others. 

The United States has an incredibly tumultuous history of its currency and the rules behind it all. At one point, there was a gold standard. Simply put, 1 oz of gold equaled $1, so to have $20 in circulation in the United States meant 20 oz of gold was being held by the United States Treasury.

A secret cabal of bankers and influential robber barons, who some people call the Illuminati, attempted to create the Federal Reserve throughout American history. In fact, read Andrew Jackson’s biography to highlight his battles against a central banking system.

It wasn’t until 1913 the Federal Reserve Bank as it is known today was created. With it, came the idea of fractional reserve banking; a concept which is rooted in the idea of writing numbers on pieces of paper to create a fiat currency.

The conspiracy part comes in here. No government entity controls the Federal Reserve Bank. It is a private institute, it makes a profit, that profit is paid to a certain elite, that elite some call the Illuminati. The Federal Reserve Bank controls the currency of the most powerful country in the world, which makes it the most powerful entity in the world.
This post is in /r/Conspiracy
I interpreted this post as a tongue in cheek jab at the artificial creation of money through the current fiat system. I recognise many here were likely born after 2008 but there is a general understanding for those who were alive 10 years ago that the current system has flaws.
I guess trying to provide some light hearted joking at tge flaws in the system just counts as racism or white supremacy or something now. Do we need another 700 billion dollar bailout to accommodate the hurt feelings of the bankers?
You really like feeling better than everyone else
No I wouldn't..
[removed]
I think you're projecting m8.
I mean I actually am enjoying it quite a bit.  Probably not in the precise manner that this sub would like me to, but I guarantee you this post brought a smile to my face.

Why is it so important to you that I enjoy this post?  Again - I do - but if I didn't why would that make you so angry?
So usually when I lob out a lame "that's crazy!" it's because someone made a declarative statement that I find difficult to believe, but I didn't really make any declarative statements here - I simply asked a clarifying question as to whether a post which at the moment has 6408 points with 85% upvoted should be interpreted at face value or if I'm missing some hidden meaning.  I guess you could argue that asking about hidden meaning slightly implies a little craziness, but I'd think that of all the subs on this garbage heap of a site /r/conspiracy would be the most open to seeing non-obvious interpretations.

Why did my questions make you so angry?  I'm guessing that you feel attacked, but why?  How could I have asked my questions in a way that would have been less hurtful to you?
The post is an approximate metaphor for fractional reserve banking. A process of creating 'value' and therefore debt, (which has to be paid back through real labour) without having to fully back it up with anything tangible.  No one's calling it a conspiracy, it's common practice.
[removed]
Ummm...it's not a conspiracy...that is how our banking system works. Probably unintentional overlap, but the way the system is setup the Federal reserve can print money and lend it to the Federal government.
"Capitalism" and "Crony Capitalism" are two words that refer to the same thing, just by different groups.
I upvote both. Latestagecapitalism is just dedicated to the conspiracy they call "capitalism", which is the communist word for the reverse-totalitarianist neo-feudalist corpratocracy. 

Disclaimer: I haven't been to latestagecapitalism in quite a while due to being uncomfortable with the strictness of the moderation.
It might actually be intentional, as the original game was made as a criticism of certain aspects of Capitalism.
&gt; The conspiracy part comes in here. No government entity controls the Federal Reserve Bank. It is a private institute, it makes a profit, that profit is paid to a certain elite, that elite some call the Illuminati. The Federal Reserve Bank controls the currency of the most powerful country in the world, which makes it the most powerful entity in the world.




They also control the IMF, so they control all of the other currencies as well.
In real life, you don't roll dice. But you do pay the price. It's a metaphor of the central banking system giving prizes for rolling the dice.
That's crock full of bullshit and you know it.
While no government entity has direct power over the federal reserve (and in reality, thank god.) The head is appointed by the president, along with many other positions. But yeah we should go back to digging gold out of the ground to put it back in the ground and hire someone to guard it.
It’s not a conspiracy, the description is just also applicable to the Fed.

I think the conspiracy is that the Federal Reserve is such a shit show in its current state
Selectively responding.
So it sounds like you are saying that you feel I am being dishonest in selecting which comments I replied to - is that accurate? Which comments do you feel I ignored when I should have replied to them instead?

I noticed that you downvoted my reply to you. That is perfectly fine and I am not angry at you at all for that, but usually that indicates some enhanced frustration if you are willing to put in the time of downvoting a comment that realistically nobody else is ever going to see. Can I ask why you're angry with me? Have I done something that you feel is offensive?
Why did you ignore the one comment that actually answered your smug retort? That’s disingenuous and intellectually wrong. 

The idea that the Federal Reserve Bank can simply write on pieces of paper and create money out of thin air and simply loan it to the United States to be paid back with interest is Rule 11 in this Monopoly game.

It is an unintentional, yet accurate representation of a broken financial system. Broken to some, purposely driven to others. 

The United States has an incredibly tumultuous history of its currency and the rules behind it all. At one point, there was a gold standard. Simply put, 1 oz of gold equaled $1, so to have $20 in circulation in the United States meant 20 oz of gold was being held by the United States Treasury.

A secret cabal of bankers and influential robber barons, who some people call the Illuminati, attempted to create the Federal Reserve throughout American history. In fact, read Andrew Jackson’s biography to highlight his battles against a central banking system.

It wasn’t until 1913 the Federal Reserve Bank as it is known today was created. With it, came the idea of fractional reserve banking; a concept which is rooted in the idea of writing numbers on pieces of paper to create a fiat currency.

The conspiracy part comes in here. No government entity controls the Federal Reserve Bank. It is a private institute, it makes a profit, that profit is paid to a certain elite, that elite some call the Illuminati. The Federal Reserve Bank controls the currency of the most powerful country in the world, which makes it the most powerful entity in the world.
That would make sense, the democrat side in the US has always been statist.
At least there would be grocery shopping and hunger games, unlike the complete lack of shopping or groceries with commies. And there would't be Hunger games either, just hunger.
&gt; Why did you ignore the one comment that actually answered your smug retort?

Oh, that's actually easy.  So here's the thing - I get a lot of incoming messages.  I have a lot of fairly abnormal views which are very important to me and I'm quite open about them, which often leads to elevated emotions that typically translate into lots of messages.  I try to read them all and reply when warranted, but sometimes I get overwhelmed.  Reddit is a place I go to blow off steam, not a paying job, so when that happens sometimes I will fail to read or reply to a message which I should have.

In addition to my comment trying to clarify your communities view on a monopoly rule I made a bunch of other comments yesterday that people felt very angry about in other subs.  At one point I think I hit triple digits in my inbox, and I was high as fuck and just didn't want to deal with that.  I realize it was kind of a dick move of me, but I just ignored a massive chunk of them.

I understand that you probably put a lot of effort into your reply and I'm sorry that I didn't read it, though I'd remind you that perhaps others did.  Maybe in a different universe where I read it we had an interesting conversation where we both learned things, but sadly Fate just had other plans for us.  To paraphrase a song I don't particularly care for: sometimes we follow our hearts, yet sometimes our hearts cut some farts, and that, my friend, is the cosmic shame.

&gt;Weird overs-implied history of banking in the US.

I'm honestly not sure how to react to this.  You seem to have most of the facts relatively close, though you don't seem to understand how they fit together and often seem to drastically misunderstand the significance of them.  Also, it doesn't seem like you understand the difference between fiat currency (which the Monopoly rule would actually illustrate pretty effectively), fractional reserve banking (which has nothing to do with this rule at all), or the concept of centralized banking in general.

I don't mean to be rude, but did you learn this from watching a cartoon?  It's perfectly okay if you did, and cartoons can be a great way to learn a broad overview of a subject, but I need you to understand that watching a cartoon doesn't really confer anything beyond the most basic understanding of a topic, and that's assuming the cartoon isn't willfully dishonest.

If you're interested in learning more about the history of the United States Federal Reserve reading [the Wikipedia article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_Federal_Reserve_System) is usually a great place to get started.  It's not quite as easy to get through as a cartoon, but it'll leave you far better prepared to explain your position so that hopefully you can lose the "some people call them Illuminati!" part because that really, really detracts from your credibility.  That said, there is a fair amount of genuine corruption in that history, so if you read it carefully I'm sure you'll find at least a few things you'll be able to discuss with your friends here.  Think of how smart they'll think you are once you're bringing them independently verifiable stuff instead of board game rules!

Finally, I'm downvoting my own comment as it seems you're still cross with me and I hope that will cheer you up.  Since it cancels out the default upvote it kinda counts twice, too - I'll be starting not at 1 or even 0 but -1.  I hope that brings a smile to your face.

Summary:
No government entity controls the Federal Reserve Bank.
No, no you do not.
The conspiracy part comes in here.
The Federal Reserve Bank controls the currency of the most powerful country in the world, which makes it the most powerful entity in the world.
I think the conspiracy is that the Federal Reserve is such a shit show in its current state.
It wasn’t until 1913 the Federal Reserve Bank as it is known today was created.
The post is an approximate metaphor for fractional reserve banking.
No one said it was proof of a conspiracy.
Why is it so important to you that I enjoy this post?
&gt; The conspiracy part comes in here.
The United States has an incredibly tumultuous history of its currency and the rules behind it all.
Why did my questions make you so angry?
Can I ask why you're angry with me?
The game monopoly was created to mirror the rigged system of the real world.
No one's calling it a conspiracy, it's common practice.
