Original Response:
[deleted]
I do. So many she's lost count. Estimated at 200+. 

We've been married for 15 years and if you accept the definition of a sexless marriage as 10 times or less per year then we've had a sexless marriage for a decade. The last time we were physically intimate was March.

It bothers me. And upsets me. A lot. She could sleep with any fucking rando but me, her husband, nope. Nothing. Fuck.
Lose her
I am so sorry man.
[removed]
Did you know the number before you get married?
r/deadbedrooms
oh man this is tough. good luck. all the best.
No, not exactly. I knew she'd been a bit "wild" but not the full picture.
Yeah, nah. That's not a healthy place.
I married her because I love her and wanted to spend my life with her and I still do.
I think that’s the problem. She got a thrill from sleeping with different people so now that’s it’s the same person over and over it just doesn’t scratch the same itch. Sorry bro.
It helped me come to terms with what was happening in my marriage and how it would probably never change.
[removed]
Why?
Your story is more common than people think. Its sad.
And this here is exactly why the number 100% always matters. A woman who racks up the numbers is positively more likely to want less sex in a monogamous long term relationship. I'm going through the exact same thing here. I've seen it with every high number girl I've met too.
&gt;I'm sorry to hear that... so I'm guessing her number wouldn't bother you if you two actually had an active sex life, but because you don't, her number bothers you by comparison? Makes total sense  
&gt;  
&gt;Do you two talk about your sex life/consider counselling? I hope you can work it out. Cheers.
So honest question, would you have done things differently if you knew this beforehand?

Everyone is attracted to someone initially for a reason. When people first meet and have that attraction they don't know of their detailed past.
You're gonna get downvoted on this sub but it's the truth. Numbers should not determine someone's worth but the amount of partners can definitely affect the relationship
Yes, it doesn't determine their worth, but it does show their intimacy patterns. I wouldn't want to be with anyone with a very high number. What does that say about their ability to commit to a person? There's a reason people get to high numbers of sexual partners and it isn't just for the heck of it.
How do people stay in relationships like this? That sounds awful. That would break the deal for me.
Of course it's not: That's the whole point.
I get your perspective, but at the same time, if someone has had a lot of ONS I highly doubt they were actually *trying* to commit to these people. Couldn't they just have been in places in their lives where they were only looking for sex at the time? Not trying to argue with you, I just think there's often more to it that you need to factor in
It's rare that people consciously have a lot of ONS situations without there being a reason. Typically the onslaught of ONSs is from a fear of commitment, unwillingness to be with one person, or some kind of emotional damage. When a real relationship comes along they now have minimal practice on relationships and have been conditioning themselves for someone new for their sexual enjoyment. Which doesn't work well when they are with a person for a long time. 

Basically it's about habits. A person's habits make up who they are. None of these habits are wrong in any way, however, they do alter one's life. Habits of one night stands and a plentiful amount of sexual partners doesn't help in having a HAPPY long term relationship.
I think that’s fair. It also seems fair that, if you have been at a place in your life where you were looking for sex without intimacy hundreds of times, you might not be a great fit to partner with someone who sees them as more tightly linked. You can judge that someone’s behavior means that they have (or even just probably or might have) different priorities than you do without judging that their behavior is morally inferior. I agree that there is more to factor in, but this seems like something worth evaluating alongside everything else you know about a potential partner.
&gt; So honest question, would you have done things differently if you knew this beforehand?

No, I would still do the same.
I do too.

Summary:
I am so sorry man.
No, I would still do the same.
I wouldn't want to be with anyone with a very high number.
I think that’s the problem.
A person's habits make up who they are.
Did you know the number before you get married?
Numbers should not determine someone's worth but the amount of partners can definitely affect the relationship.
