Original Response:
Hello!

Last Wednesday I cleared out the freezer. My shitty ex-roommates had left 18 pounds of cheap meat in there, and I was so preoccupied by my thoughts of “who the fuck even does that” that it wasn’t until after it was all in the bottom of the can that it occurred to me that the trash had just come the day before. 

Hm. Well, the lid will be closed. It’ll be fine. Right?

On Friday, I exited the house and was greeted by several dozen flies. Ah. I’ve fucked up. This is immediately apparent to me. Well, it’ll just have to wait until trash day.

Saturday. I need to take the kitchen trash out. I leave it outside, figuring that I can just wait until after the can has been cleared. 

Sunday. Raccoons have been in my bagged garbage. I need to take care of that. Hesitantly, I open the can lid. Oooooooh boy. In a split second, I get the immediate impression that there are hundreds of maggots in the can. I’m short—just barely 5’3”, So this was based entirely on the ones I could see far up the sides of the can. But I’m fairly tough, I think. I’ve pulled maggots out of a baby skunk’s leg wound before. And I’m  a budding baby biologist. I can handle this. So I throw the bag into the can.

I am now sure there are at least 1000 maggots in the can. 

Monday. Otherwise known as today. I gear up. Poison, rubber gloves, eye protecting glasses, a face mask, and a box of moth balls. I can do this. I’m a scientist. I throw open the lid. It had not occurred to me that they might be on the underside of the lid.

There were at LEAST a thousand maggots JUST on the underside of the lid. These rained down everywhere, their hideous bodies plopping onto the ground. I thank my lucky stars none got on me. I screamed like I was being murdered, an entirely involuntary sound wrenched from somewhere deep in my spine. I sprayed. And I sprayed, and I sprayed. I walked around and sprayed the writhing layer of maggots on the underside of the lid. I sprayed at the ground. A fly flew at my face and I gave up, running back inside, sobbing. 

For a while, I watched from my back window as they crawled around on the can and the ground. I called my mom, who laughed at me. I called my dad, who was seven hours away and couldn’t help. I called my boyfriend, who was five hours away and without a car. I’m here for school; I have friends, but none good enough to help me with something like this.

And it’s Labor Day. I called eight different pest control places until I found one that was both open and able to send someone out. I’m currently awaiting my savior, who should be here in a few hours. I’ll update with the cost of him coming out. 

TL;DR: grew maggots in 100° weather for a week, made it rain when I tried to take care of it. Now scarred for life. 

On the bright side, I now know for a fact that as much as I enjoy learning about bees and ants, I should not apply to that entomology master’s degree program I was looking at. 

Edit: the bug man came, he was super sweet, really excellent. If anyone in the Round Rock/Austin area needs pest control services, PM me, I’d be very happy to pass his info on. He didn’t charge me, said I reminded him of his daughter, so I gave him the money I had set aside for a tip. 

Also: I threw out the meat because I didn’t know if it was safe or not. I have no idea when it was frozen, most of it was unlabeled, and I have no way of knowing how long they waited between buying the meat and freezing it. If you want to be mad at someone, be mad at my ex roommates for buying and failing to eat 18 pounds of meat before moving across the country.
Never had such a large infestation as that...

But usually have the trash emptied, then either fill the can with water and tip it, or lay it on the side and give ot a good thorough rinsing. When finally empy, get a bottle of bleach and carefully pour it so it covers all the sides and pools in the bottom. Let sit for an hr or so then dilute with water and dispose. (If you're careful and have a good sized funel, you can put the bleach back in the bottle and dispose of without diluting with water.) Give the can one final rinse, and you good son. 

Seriously, drown 'em, dump 'em, bleach 'em. Nasty but pretty cheap to fix, compared to hiring a guy to come out and spray posion... And leave you with a mess.
My amazing boyfriend is going to sanitize the can for me when he gets here tomorrow. I’ll get bleach. Thank you for the advice.
Fire. Fire is the only solution.


That
Smell has to be worse than when I volunteered to sort recyclables for the state fair for free entry that day. After smelling literal shit (diapers) and rotten food and vomit people threw into the recycling cans that had been stewing for hours at 80-90 degrees, no smell has really made me gag sense.

Also kinda lost a bit of my faith in humanity to do the right thing, if they can’t throw trash out right next to the recycle can, should I really trust them to vote intelligently?
It honestly doesn’t smell? I have no explanation for that, but it doesn’t. 

I hate littering. I honked at a guy for it the other day. I’d do it more often but it gets you shot sometimes.
here's a plan for you.  Buy a giant trash bag.  put the whole and lid into it.  Seal it tight, so nothing can get out. have the trash man take the whole thing.  Buy a new trash can.
So I accidentally fucked up the wiring for my chest freezer in the basement. Go down there after it's been off for about a week and there are in the neighborhood of 100-150 pounds of rotting meat in there. Drag that bitch outside and start cleaning. This was June. Freezer is fine and currently back full of meat (yay people asking if I want to go in on buying a cow with them). My trashcan however, only sat from Saturday evening until Wednesday morning. And it wasn't even sunny most of the time. It still smells like death. Similar experience with the maggots though. Except when I screamed and nearly puked, my wife just laughed at me and I had to try and kill them myself. 😔 But several gallons of bleach etc later and it still smells. I actually noticed this weekend it has started smelling worse again. I have no idea why, maybe because we had a couple of weeks of mild (mid-80s) weather and then this past week it has gone right back up to the 90s? But I have no idea.
I have thought about it. Like mine was issued by the city, and my neighbors went out of the country for a couple of weeks. Thought about switching while they were gone, but they keep theirs in the garage. Jerks. But that is a good plan.
Plastic garbage container? Plastic can absorb smells and tend to offgas them again in higher temps. $30 on a new container would be worth it to me!
Soda crystals work great (Sodium Carbonate Decahydrate) and are a cheap way to deal with them. 

I had a bin full of maggots and dumped a kg of soda crystals in there and they were dead within the hour and the bin remained free from any new ones for several weeks.
A lot of exterminators and power washing companies have a garbage can cleaning trucks. It’s a huge truck that sprays hot soapy water with a power washer inside the garbage can.  They are all over my area in Utah, and usually is a free service the exterminator companies add on to get your business. 

Example I found on google: http://www.cantastic.biz
How do you kill them? I straight up tried a shit ton if bleach and ammonia and the little bastards swam in that shit. This was an open dumpster, not a can, but same heat (Florida).
I'm sure it would be, but the City has their stamp on it and it technically belongs to them. 🤷‍♂️
Call them and ask to switch it out. I’m sure you are not the first to have a garbage can outlive it’s usefulness. :)
This happened to my dad as a kid. Power to the chest freezer went off over vacation. To this day he refuses to eat any rice dishes.
OP, don't worry too much regarding smell.  I wash my garbage cans every couple months and they have occasionally seen some nasty stuff.  Bleach and hot water usually do the trick.
Listen to this person, they are a microbiologist [I tagged them a while ago].
Not sure about your city but if our garbage bins get damaged we can get a free replacement. You could look into that.
Boiling water and vinegar kills maggots too. I’ve used it before. Much safer for you and the environment and does as good a job. Just boil a large pot of water, then dump it in the can and add a generous amount of vinegar.
Advice for anyone else reading this: Never, ever, ever mix bleach and ammonia, or any cleaning products that contain them. They interact to make a toxic gas and can kill you painfully.
Which is why I mixed them.
Right, if it was outside and nobody was nearby, it's not a problem. But I don't want anyone thinking it's a good mixture for eliminating maggots in their fridge or something.
[removed]
Good call, totally agree.
Not a bad plan.
I actually just thought of a solution combined with your solution. They will let me get a second can for $12 extra per month. Get it for a month or two while I'll be finishing my basement and creating extra trash then cancel it and give them the original can back! No more smell.
Woot woot!! :)
Many services will give you a new can if you request it.
&gt;They interact to make a toxic gas and can kill you painfully

&gt;Which is why I mixed them.

👀
To kill maggots. It didn't.
Cat killed pigeon. Pigeon remains went in bin. Bins are collected fortnightly, and had been taken the previous day.

Heatwave.



I combined all your methods in one and drowned the fuckers in bleach, then paid a fiver for a nice man to come and power wash the empty bin. It was a terrible experience.
And vanilla. Vanilla spray around inside of the can after the clean. It will help with the smell.
There might be a company who washes garbage cans in your area. I didn't know that was a thing, but one left an ad on our cans a few weeks ago. They have some kind of special machine on their truck they just put them in and wash them right there at the curb.

I'd rather pay for that (unless it was an ungodly amount - wouldn't know as I haven't used the service) than have to wash out a garbage can after that.
Dear OP: The folks advising bleach are steering you right. Get 3 or 4 bottles, it don't cost much and you can always pour a little in the bottom of the can to disinfect and hold down any future smelly nasties.

Bleach, FTW!
I have no idea what I'm talking about but it could be that the maggots ate the rotting flesh before it had a chance to smell
Or... ULPT: just trade it with a neighbor's can late on the evening before trash is picked up ;)
Notieced that you were in the Austin area too, would have offered to give you a hand, but it seems that you already have it under control.   Almost 2 decades as a microbiologist dealing with some REALLY funky stuff has made me pretty immune to the stink of rot and I have no issue with bugs/maggots, I've been through a similar situation when a freezer full of meat stopped working for a couple weeks before we noticed, that stink still haunts me.
But like...not the kind at boot camp, right?
Nah, the Mordor kind
Or right after. I work from home. Swap it out right after the trash grass picked up. 😈
I once found a dead kitten in some cans people had brought in to recycle. Middle of the summer, in Utah. Needless to say the smell was austoundingly bad
When I was away and my dad mowed the lawn for me, he tossed a dead bunny in there without putting it in a bag (this was two weeks ago). Same problem. Solution: garden hose to a hot water tap (I used the one for my washing machine and just ran it upstairs and out the door). Tap hot is enough to kill them. After that, I'm actually planning on plumbing an exterior spigot to the hot water... it'll come in handy for melting ice dams out of the spouting in the winter and washing cars, too.
But what if theirs is worse?
keep working yuor way down the street till you find a clean one!
May I ask what you do/where you work? I’m not looking towards micro specifically, but I’ve been trying to talk to people in the field.
[removed]
Few places, worked as a tech at UT for a couple years, then a contract with the state lab (DSHS), and a few other contracts around the area, none of it paid well (the state lab pays GREAT after you move into higher positions though), I'm doing IT work these days, and trying to run my own distillery (with a couple partners)
/r/shittylifeprotips would be to switch the can out with one of the neighbors cans.
You could have also just sprayed bleach in the can while it was full. Would have killed everything inside and masked the smell. The cloriene would have off gassed by the time the trash men came.
Wow okay. I’m just doing my best man. I’ve been “latched on” to my current boyfriend for five years, he doesn’t mind helping me a bit, because for one, I help him a lot and two, relationships aren’t zero-sum. I tried really hard to handle the problem myself. I tipped the bug guy fifty bucks for ten minutes of work and I’ve referred nearly a dozen people to him. What exactly did you want me to do? Everyone needs help sometimes. I hope someone helps you when you need it.
I’m confused. What is a can
Big fuckin yikes dude.
Where do you get soda crystals? And so you just dump them in dry? And what do you do with them after?
maggot adobo
To be fair you're in Texas.
?
My man, this has worked for me in the past.
Honestly I would just get a new trash can, too traumatic
[removed]
A trash receptical.
My garbage man throws a handful of dirt into the sides and the bottom of the can and it gets rid of the smell in a day. it's crazy
They're in the laundry/clesning isle at most supermarkets. They're ften used as a water softener.

Yep just throw them in dry, it's strongly base and a dessicant. Then just throw away with the rest of the rubbish. 

It was used in fertiliser years ago (potash) so it's generally safe for the environment if you end up spilling it or burying it


It's also super at getting rid of grease stains.
TIFU by filling my garbage can with thermite.
I'm sure the garbage truck guys love people who leave bleach in their trash cans. /s
The guy operates an automatic arm that grabs the can and dumps it. He doesn't even get out of the cab of the truck. Why would he care?
Because that's only how it works in big cities. I live 20 minutes from one of the largest cities in the U.S., and they still have guys riding on the back chucking garbage cans. So does nearly every other city around here, and every rural city I have ever visited in the past ten years. I am aware of garbage trucks with arms existing, but haven't ever personally seen one, that I can recall.
Can you just put the open can outside and leave the birds to come have dinner?
And leave in the sun for a day afterwards
Am in Texas and can confirm, I've done this to deal with maggots. I never had the sheer number that you had (only about a small number of tens of them) but watering it with bleach a few times did the trick.
i dont think microbiologists deal with maggots specifically?
Yeah, but dude, *Biology*.
[deleted]
I live within commuting distance of Houston.
Everyone has guns.

Summary:
And I sprayed, and I sprayed.
I have thought about it.
But I have no idea.
I sprayed at the ground.
I throw open the lid.
And what do you do with them after?
It will help with the smell.
I need to take care of that.
So I throw the bag into the can.
Buy a new trash can.
I honked at a guy for it the other day.
Honestly I would just get a new trash can, too traumatic.
I need to take the kitchen trash out.
But that is a good plan.
I'm sure the garbage truck guys love people who leave bleach in their trash cans.
Hesitantly, I open the can lid.
I am now sure there are at least 1000 maggots in the can.
Boiling water and vinegar kills maggots too.
My man, this has worked for me in the past.
Bleach and hot water usually do the trick.
I hope someone helps you when you need it.
My garbage man throws a handful of dirt into the sides and the bottom of the can and it gets rid of the smell in a day.
I have no explanation for that, but it doesn’t.
Which is why I mixed them.
