Original Response:
Why does an adventure bike have dual Brembo Monobloc Calipers... I could never buy a Guzzi.
&gt; Why does an adventure bike have dual Brembo Monobloc Calipers

Why not?
Because that money would be better somewhere else. Suspension, etc... or a lower price tag.
I don’t think they are mono blocks. I think they are the same Brembo I have in my 1090 adventure R. And they suck ass. Really the only bad thing about the bike. Granted you can’t really use your front brakes anyway cause you will just cup the front tire into oblivion if you do. 

Maybe that will change if I can get a supermoto set up on it and abuse the brakes like they should be. Maybe some new pads idk.
[deleted]
What do you expect Guzzi to do? They used brembo practically since they started making brake parts, and they generally stick with Italian components on all their bikes, which is definitely cool and not very common in modern world.
I get many people here can't understand why this set up is bad, but thanks for your reply. Best of luck finding a solution to your issues with it.

&amp;#x200B;

I undestand why I spend less time posting here... get downvoted for mentioning an ADV with monobloc radial calipers being silly set up.
They are just too strong to use with semi knobby type tires. Simple as that. I think you are getting downvotes because they are not monoblock calipers. Brembo doesn’t mean monoblock
&gt; get downvoted for mentioning an ADV with monobloc radial calipers being silly set up.

It's also what BMW, Triumph, Ducati and KTM use on their adventure bikes. I guess this is the current general notion for premium large road-oriented adv bikes.
Fair enough. My thought was radial calipers, expensive set up I guess. Normally only see that on top tier sport bikes.
As with all such bikes, they will be used mainly on the road, so I don't see a problem with good brakes. With the wrong master cylinder, it will brake poorly no matter which calipers are used...

Summary:
I think you are getting downvotes because they are not monoblock calipers.
Why does an adventure bike have dual Brembo Monobloc Calipers...
