Original Response:
I wonder if Nike thinks the publicity from this will be more valuable than the calls for a boycott. Time will tell on this to see how it plays out.
I don't know.  Counting on jocks to be level headed and tolerant is still pretty risky.
"Jocks" aren't Nike's target market.
Kinda seems like it with the way they advertise. I have no idea who this Kaepernick guy even is.
Have you turned on the news ever in the past 2 years?
Nope TV news is to distract poor people from things that actually matter.
He's a has-been, walking tattoo-sampler who had nothing to say about Eric Garner or Ferguson while he was a starting quarterback, but became an 'activist' from his position as a bench-warmer.
Seems pretty risky in this day and age to purposely alienate half of your audience while hoping the other half likes your PR/Marketing decision enough to compensate for the loss.
Adidas is kicking Nike's ass in the youth and young adult segment. They are doing this to try and become relevant again by being edgy.
And, apparently, not watching TV news leaves you ignorant of major social questions affecting America. Not saying TV news is good just looking at the evidence above.
I’m genuinely curious why Adidas is outperforming Nike and Under Armour?  Is it tied to the Adidas affiliation with soccer and soccers popularity internationally?
Do you have any data to back that up? I work in the industry and in area(e-commerce/online retail) Nike leads adidas pretty handedly in youth. This year, Adidas has made gains and had greater growth than Nike(when looking at percentage changes), however, Overall, Nike leads Adidas by a wide margin and had greater total growth. 

Granted, my perspective is limited. I just haven’t seen or heard anything that Adidas is “kicking Nike’s ass” in anything. Youth or otherwise.
Adidas seems more eager to innovate with new designs like Yeezy's. Nike basically puts out the same shoes for year now.
[You're completely wrong.](https://www.usatoday.com/story/sports/nfl/49ers/2016/09/29/where-did-colin-kaepernick-get-start-activist/91232508/)
Celebrity partnerships for shoes. But /u/El_Seven seems to be ignoring all of Nike's other products with very high margins.
Man have you seen James Harden MVP basketball shoes?!?!?!  They look amazing.....I bought his new basketball shoes and the MVP edition with the black and gold

Also the Ultraboost in the dark blue are sexy af.....i bought those too so i spent $500 in the past 2-3 months on Addidas
TV News: Assassin in local area, please stay indoors as police investigate.

Isaacvithurston: Ah, look at all these plebs staying indoors watching the news. Time for my morning walk to the whereeverrichpeoplego~
In the case of Nike. It depends on what you mean by “outperforming”.  Percentage growth is only one metric and doesn’t tell  the whole story.

If you grow $10  to $15, you have a 50% growth.

If you grow $100 to $110, you have only 10% growth, but who gained more money?
Why would rich people walk somewhere in public lol
Adidas has been stealing market share from Nike &amp; Under Armor in 2015, 2016, 2017, and it seems it's continuing in 2018.

Check out Business Wars: Nike vs Adidas.

The trend definitely seems to be going towards Adidas. I'm on my phone so finding sources is difficult.

But Adidas have been way more aggressive, releasing new models, stealing Kanye West from Nike, their ocean plastic recycle program has been a huge success, especially amongst young people ...

Nike re-launched an Air-Jordan that looks like the models from the 80s. They re-launched the Air-Max ...

Those are literally the 2 models they are highlighting right now on their website.

Adidas has the Yeezy's, the NMD 1 &amp; 2, as well as their Ultraboost.

It's a brand new lineup vs a recycled one.
Half? Fat old grumpy conservatives dont buy Nike. Young black americans are their main public and many might buy more Nike stuff because of this.
you mean issue's that you believe in your opinion to be major.
Adidas has been stealing market share from Nike though, especially among the younger crowd.

When Nike started it looked very similar to the current situation. Slowly grabbing market-share, and before you know it things change.

Same thing happened with Apple vs Nokia.
Is there a case to be made that it is not a major issue?
It's a newer lineup of shoes and a generally far more "young" outlook the company has.

They are recycling shoes, focusing on comfort as well as design, and they are actually releasing new models aggressively.

The NMD 1 &amp; 2, Ultraboost &amp; Yeezy are some of the most popular shoes on the market, and they were all released the past 3 years.

Nike has literally just recycled the same junk. Their main highlighted product is a pair of Air Jordans that resemble the ones from the 80s, as well as a pair of "crazy" colored Air-Max - which is also a design originating from the 80s.
Those are very small percentages of a small part of the space these two brands occupy.  Adidas has had more growth in those specific areas for sure, but it’s nothing that amounts to “kicking Nike’s ass” when you look at youth as a whole.
Turns out milk drinking new balance wearing tiki torch carrying racists don’t really buy Nikes with any significant profit margin anyway. Nike knows who their target market is.
No, *you* are among the many who measure people by what they 'present' rather than what they **do**. He didn't even [say *squat*](https://www.google.com/search?q=Kaepernick+statements+2014-2015&amp;client=firefox-b&amp;source=lnt&amp;tbs=cdr%3A1%2Ccd_min%3A1%2F1%2F2014%2Ccd_max%3A12%2F31%2F2015&amp;tbm=) during 2014 or 2015 about the events I mentioned above, let alone *do anything*.
Yeah I'd guess that only a tiny sliver of Nike's regular customer base would be upset enough by their support of Kaepernick to actually stop buying Nike merchandise long-term.
Has it actually affected your wealth or health? No? Then not a real major issue.
So your complaint is that, before he did something nationally visible, he didn't do anything nationally visible, and for that he's a hypocrite?
Interestingly narrow view of the world.  How would you make that determination while ignorant of the issue?
Have people who inform you of actually relevant news.
The mindset that American conservatives are old grumpy men is why Trump won.
And who buys the gear for the youth and young adult age groups? The parents, who this will not resonate with
Even more interesting!  So you depend wholly on others to tell you what is relevant?
No, but every older conservative football, basketball, and/or baseball coach will now be reconsidering making their team shoes Nikes. That's a decent amount of business.
Lol, I doubt it
Nope. Hyperbole as an assumption is the king of reading comprehension failures.
Nike is also making a bet on the future. It's a pretty good bet, as I'm fairly certain that Kap will end up on the right side of history on this.
So wait how do you maintain your ignorance then?  Just curious
You mean ignorance from this particular one thing that I already said isn't worth knowing about? You have to be more precise if you intend your sentences to have meaning.
No, in general. You depend on your selected person(s) to tell you when to care but don't use them exclusively.  I'm really curious how willfully ignorant people justify it is where I'm going with all this since you seem to be getting snarky.
I think the move into streetwear was big for Adidas
How would you know if it's not worth knowing about if you don't know what the issue is?
Their logic is baffling. They're now complaining that he didn't start protesting sooner.
It's still an accurate depiction because you have to be an old grumpy man to still follow that type of ideology. The party of Lincoln is no more as Trump perverse what it meant to be a conservative/republican(he merely sped it up as the party began to fail earlier).
why are you being downvoted ?
No it isn't.
Young people of all backgrounds like small government, low taxes, and secure borders. It’s not as radical of an ideology as the media wants you to believe.
[removed]
Going political is not good when trying to sell a product.  People will always pick a side, no matter the cause
That's right. That's why Jordan and Tiger Woods don't comment on politics. They don't want to lose half of their customers.
Much safer to be a degenerate gambler and drunken adulterer. Nobody cares about those things.
being and adulterer and gambling enabler (casinos) didn't stop Trump
“Gambling enabler” hahahahahahahahahah. Some people will find anyway to bash President Trump.
I think repeated failed businessman and pedophile is more than enough.
I would think repeated failed businessman and pedophile is enough.
That “Repeated failed businessman” Net worth is 3+ Billion dollars. And has created a company that will provide for his kids and also provide hundred of jobs. Things you will probably never accomplish.
Oh you’ve seen his tax returns to verify those numbers? Didn’t know he finally released them.

And those hundreds of jobs are going to immigrants pal.
Lol I guarantee your will never come close to his net worth. 

And since when was giving jobs to immigrants a bad thing?
Exactly when did net worth=being a good president?

Regardless, I assure you I am worth more than Trump, as I don’t owe millions or even billions to the Russians.

So you’re pro immigrant now? You support H1 visas?
Pedophile?
I don’t know what you would call someone that forcefully enters a dressing room filled with teenage girls. Open to ideas
I think to be a pedophile, you have to fuck kids, so...probably not that
What do you call someone that downloads kiddie porn? Seems to be pretty similar here.

Also there are plenty of accusations of underage rape against him, and he has shown a history of paying hush money, so we can stick with pedophile.
Weren't those allegations which came out of nowhere during the last month of the 2016 presidential race that were never brought up again?

If this is the standard by which you consider Trump a pedophile, then surely you must also consider Bill Clinton a rapist?
I never said net worth = a good President. You said he was a repeated failed businessman and I presents to you his net worth to show he is not a failed businessman.

Just because I might be a republican doesn’t mean I am not pro immigrant. 

I’m losing brain cells talking to you.
But you can’t prove his net worth. You can’t prove he’s not a failed business man. I can show his repeated failed business though. His casinos, his vodka, his steaks, his “university”.

Show me proof of his net worth or successful businesses.
Clinton was impeached for his actions. Good to know you are okay with Trump facing the same process. No one is above the law, amirite?
&gt; Going political is not good when trying to sell a product.

This is utter bullshit, as is shown by Apple supporting gay rights, and plenty of other companies having a clear stance. Not to mention the opposite; Chick-Fil-A soaring as a fast food chain despite its funding of 'traditional marriage' lobbies.
All those billions and he couldn't pay his construction workers, oof
[Oof indeed!](https://cdn.glitch.com/8ef35b11-8c6c-44bb-afb4-a38b833d3c8b%2Foofd.png?1529987683042) 
 You have oofed 2 time(s). 
***
^(I am a bot. Comment ?stop for me to stop responding to your comments.)
No, Clinton had impeachment proceedings brought against him, none of the Congressional Democrats cared enough about the allegations to vote for his impeachment. Also, he had many other allegations of similarly inappropriate conduct.

Funny that the accusations against Trump disappeared with Hillary's bid for the presidency, while Clinton's happened while he was in office. It's almost like the Trump accusations were a bunch of politically motivated bullshit.
I’ll believe claims about his net worth and income when we see some tax returns. No reason to believe him if he can’t produce them.
Lol, ok......  You guys are really out in force today.

Clinton was being impeached for lying about a consensual blowjob.  Unethical and shitty, and the only real crime was lying under oath about a non-crime anyway.

Regardless, the process happened....Why won't Trump go under oath about the dozens of various crimes he is accused of?  Clinton did it. Is he weaker than Clinton?  Must be.......  Not as strong as a Clinton is the only real answer.
&gt;Clinton was being impeached for lying about a consensual blowjob. Unethical and shitty, and the only real crime was lying under oath about a non-crime anyway.

[What about all the other allegations?](https://www.vox.com/2016/1/6/10722580/bill-clinton-juanita-broaddrick) If you think Trump should have to answer for every allegation of questionable veracity, then surely Clinton should too. I personally don't give a fuck if the president cops a blowie in office, especially when he has the misfortune of being married to Hillary, I'm just trying to figure out what your standard is.

&gt;Regardless, the process happened....Why won't Trump go under oath about the dozens of various crimes he is accused of? Clinton did it. Is he weaker than Clinton? Must be....... Not as strong as a Clinton is the only real answer.

Clinton went under oath and promptly got caught in a perjury trap. Trump's lawyers hopefully will continue to be smart enough to not let him anywhere near a sitdown with Mueller.
I'm glad we agree Trump should go under oath for the literal dozens of crimes he committed, most importantly those that allowed him to illegally take the office of president.  It's good there are patriots like us fighting for this.  Good luck out there.
Why is my general statement on companies picking a side bullshit?  Wouldn't those companies make more money selling to both sides?  Nike was neutral, but now on one side.  If some people on other side boycott, wouldn't Nike be losing market shares?
&gt;I'm glad we agree Trump should go under oath for the literal dozens of crimes he committed, most importantly those that allowed him to illegally take the office of president

If you know of "dozens of crimes" the president has committed, you may want to let Bob Mueller know, as he is having difficulty finding even one.
Well there is the meeting with foreign governments to accept help, there’s the using campaign funds to pay off women and not declaring them, there’s the obstruction of justice (take your pick). That’s only what public. The jawline of Justice has no leaks so god knows how much he has.

There are the multiple guilty pleas and indictments Mueller has laid out in just a few months so he’s pretty successful.

It’s ironic because your so obsessed with the Clinton’s you ignore the years of republican led investigations into various phony accusations that ultimately led to zero indictments.

How sad it must be to realize you’ve been supporting a farce this whole time.
To be fair, it's not hard
&gt;Well there is the meeting with foreign governments to accept help, there’s the using campaign funds to pay off women and not declaring them, there’s the obstruction of justice (take your pick). That’s only what public. The jawline of Justice has no leaks so god knows how much he has.

Oh, so you're parroting this whole "he has so much shit on Trump that it only SEEMS like he's come up with nothing" line of wishful thinking. Out of all the unproven accusations you listed, the only one with even a shred of proof behind it is the campaign finance violation, and I'm sorry to disappoint you, but presidents don't get impeached over campaign finance violations.

&gt;There are the multiple guilty pleas and indictments Mueller has laid out in just a few months so he’s pretty successful.

Yes, a handful of Russians running troll Facebook and twitter accounts will surely be the smoking gun Mueller needs. Or maybe Manafort's guilty plea for shit that happened a decade before Trump even thought about becoming president will be the final nail in the coffin. If only impeachments could be done on the basis of wishes and dreams, no?😂🤣😂

&gt;It’s ironic because your so obsessed with the Clinton’s you ignore the years of republican led investigations into various phony accusations that ultimately led to zero indictments.

I'm not "ignoring" anything, why would I waste time typing about shit that has nothing to do with what we are talking about?

&gt;How sad it must be to realize you’ve been supporting a farce this whole time.

This, from the party that nominated Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Just because you say Mueller has nothing doesn’t mean it’s true. How are you possibly ignoring all the guilty pleas, indictments and sentencing already happening. All in a year!

The Republicans grilled the Clintons for over four years and got nothing. 

Willful ignorance on your part.
&gt;Just because you say Mueller has nothing doesn’t mean it’s true. How are you possibly ignoring all the guilty pleas, indictments and sentencing already happening. 

A handful of Russians running troll Facebook and Twitter Accounts. Paul Manafort doing sketchy shit in Ukraine over 10 years ago. Mike Flynn may have lied to the FBI about being in contact with the Russians before the transition to Trump's presidency, and was thusly fired after serving for a whopping 24 days. Cohen, campaign finance violation. In your expert legal opinion, which part of this is supposed to be the wrecking ball that brings Trump down? Because it doesn't look like much at all.
&gt;Wouldn't those companies make more money selling to both sides?

Chick-fil-A, perhaps, but high-tier brands engage customers and engender loyalty to a much greater degree with an outspoken progressive attitude. Not to mention the overall press and attention they receive for said attitude. 

It's also simply the right thing to do. You can pretend like you do business in a vacuum, but these decisions do matter.
I mean there is that pesky little meeting at Trump tower you keep forgetting
Ah yes, the meeting that Michael Cohen can't decide whether or not it actually happened/whether or not Trump knew about it. The meeting that, even if it did happen, is probably not even illegal.
Chickfila is doing well bc great chicken and well run stores
I may be wrong as the US has demonstrated itself over the last 10 years to be far, far more racist than I ever thought it was but I feel like in the mid to long run this will make Nike money.
Yeah, I think they’ll come out of it looking good in the end.
All the non-white customers and socially liberal caucasians might become more loyal to the brand. I think it's a great idea.
But then the socially liberal white people have to ignore the sweatshops, puts them in a tight spot.
They’ve been doing that anyway
So how does boycotting Nike over this guy mean I'm racist?  Just because I don't agree with what he's doing?  I don't give a fuck what color his skin is.  You disrespect our Country I disrespect you.
But he’s not disrespecting our country. The goddamn president is.
Crazy that millions who admire plenty of black people are suddenly racist because they don’t support a shitty quarterback.
Kneeling to the flag is the opposite of disrespecting our country, and it was actually a former Marine that advised him to kneel as opposed to sit in order to still show respect. I award you no points.
Is that why you don't support him? Because of his quarterbacking?
Explain how he is disrespecting our country.
"I don't hate black people, there are plenty of black people who don't speak up when they disagree with something. Those ones are ok. The silent ones content to sit at the back of the bus. I admire those ones"

\-You, probably.
[deleted]
How do you possibly arrive at “he’s disrespecting our country”?
Do you think there is any non-racist argument against Kaepernick or are those who disagree with him automatically “racist”? Just curious.
This is a business sub. We should talk about the business aspect of it.

Though Kaepernick's protest was in response to race relations, I don't think the blowback against Nike has anything to do with being racist. 

Kaepernick's method of protest was seen as disrespectful to the National Anthem and the country as a whole to many people (don't argue this with me because I could care less, I'm just stating why it's a bad business move). 

Unless you're selling to a niche market, being political is never a good business practice.
I live in Oakland and grew up in the area. Black people alway speak up. But you probably aren’t listening because you're too busy preaching. Kap isn’t all black people. He’s a primal donna athlete who was laid off because he sucked and blamed it on his political statement. Notice all the other players who are kneeling are doing just fine and don’t actually suck at their job.
You think that will be enough to offset the decrease in spending from the large chunk of their consumer base they just alienated?
I suspect the extremely well paid executives that ultimately made this decision will sleep okay knowing that they at least did something meaningful this week.
How's Eric Reid doing?  Dude Nathan Peterman is a starting QB and he threw 5 INTs in one half last year. Don't give me that tired BS that Kaep isn't employeed only because of his QB skill because that is patently false. Maybe teams don't want the added media circus signing him might cause but if you think this is a purely talent decision you clearly don't know football
Worked for Dick's - /s
There are plenty of reasons to hate Kaepernick that don't involve  being a racist.
Not participating in the National Anthem?
Do confused reactionary racists buy a lot of nikes?
I wouldn’t say it has to be racism, could also be ignorance, or an unwillingness to honesty review or consider the reasons for his protest.

I could easily envision a right-wing Fox News watcher (so conservative but not inherently racist) seeing a dozen hit-pieces on Kaep and just assuming that he’s chanting ‘fuck the police’ and bashing cops without any underlying reason.
&gt;The goddamn president is.

How so?
The well paid executives get stock options and lost 3% (as of the writing of this comment) of that value.

A public company's first responsibility is a fiduciary one to its shareholders. If this doesn't swing the other way that is a problem.

Again, this is a business sub, not a political one, so I'm speaking solely to the business aspect here.
What about if companies like Pepsi and Nike didn't co-opt social movement's while at the same time not exploiting their workers? I know it's a crazy concept, but it's possible.
Of course there are plenty, but that doesn't mean any of the conservative arguments against Kaepernick are valid.

There's the simple argument of, "What he's doing goes against all American principles/ law." Which is a load of horseshit because this country was built on the principles that people have freedom of speech and expression given that they are not incurring harm to others or infringing on other people's rights. He has ever right to kneel during the anthem just like the butt hurt people that outrage over his actions have every right to voice their dissent with him. It's quite clear that the conservative side either doesn't understand American principles, or they're just using it as an excuse to rally against liberal actions.
I work with a former Marine who salutes the flag in our office every morning.  He's die hard for the flag.  He absolutely hates the kneeling for the anthem.  He understands it but he thinks it should be done in a different way to not disrespect the flag.  He also understands it is their right as Americans though.
Are the other reasons all ignorance?
What makes you say that?
Nobody who, in good faith, supports the 1st Amendment disagrees with his freedom to do so. I simply asked a question. "Conservative arguments are invalid"  ... I'm not sure how to respond to this. I guess any dialogue here is futile if we can't even agree a counter-argument exists.
That's a fair question to ask.

I believe the issue comes down to "implied" vs. "inferred" protester intentions.

The protesters' implied message is that they believe a fundamental problem in how some non-white races are treated by systemic groups. For example, police violence against blacks. The protesters' intent is to point out this systemic violence with the hopes to draw more attention to the problem.

On the other side, some counter group of people are inferring a completely different message from the protesters. One such message is that the protesters are purposefully acting to disrespect some aspect of America (for example, the military). Because this group misinterprets the message of the protesters, this group's conclusions are disconnected from the truth.

The idea that the counter group is racist largely stems from not being able to see any other conclusion for how the counter group can come to their incorrect conclusions about the protesters and the protesters' message.

The express message is simple: police violence against ethnic minority groups is bad. However, counter groups not only refuse to acknowledge the express message, they also invent wildly different explanations for the protesters' message and heavily criticize the protesters based upon these ficticious strawman arguments.

Ultimately, the issue comes down to the subject of race. That's the core issue that is being protested. As is consistent in other aspects of life, racist people tend to avoid directly acknowledging their racist views and instead use other language to describe what is functionally a racist viewpoint.

The same thing is occurring with regard to the protesters and their message: counter groups seem to use language to describe racist viewpoints without actually coming out and directly acknowledging a racist perspective (except, of course, people like that congressman recently who resigned after calling the protesters "baboons").

So it's difficult to see a counter person's message as being anything other than veiled racism, particularly when the outcome of whatever their argument is indistinguishable from a racist viewpoint.
No no. You misunderstand. Valid and exist are two differently defined words. The arguments do exist and they can be valid to the people arguing them, but when you apply logic along with evidence to them, they reveal that the motives and reasoning behind them are nothing more than petty inconsistent misinterpretations of American law and principles.

If YOU can find an argument from the conservative side that doesn't rely heavily on people's emotions and actually provides some solid interpretation of the law that shows that occupational retaliation, conviction, or threats of the aforementioned are fair decisions, then I would agree that there are some valid arguments.
Ever see the first amendment?  He's dangerously close to violating it when he calls for retribution against someone for something they have said.  Aside from the obviously threats of violence and inciting panic, which Kaepernick has clearly not done.
As a socially liberal white person married to a non-white, can I just say my SO thinks their race gives them a free-ride to be racist, sexist, exploitative, you name it, while there's a continuous presumption that I'm worse, regardless of evidence to the contrary.  "Whatever, you wouldn't know," while they're buying Nike.

Fuck. That. Shit.
The National Anthem is just nationalist pageantry, it’s not actually a substantial aspect of our history or ideals.
&gt; The well paid executives get stock options and lost 3% (as of the writing of this comment) of that value.

yes - like I say in the grand scheme of their wealth nobody (of sound mind) would lose any sleep over that

&gt; A public company's first responsibility is a fiduciary one to its shareholders. If this doesn't swing the other way that is a problem.

its a one day swing of less than 3% - thats really not going to matter 

my point was that the 'effect' of all this was so minimal - and likely temporary - that businesses really not need fret over this frothing. a business sub can still recognise people's &amp; businesses behaviour is not only ever driven by the every dollar on the bottom line either. 

as for whether businesses should be political - Benetton of the 90s would like to have a word with you.
By violating and ignoring the rule of law?
This isn't North Korea. And he was participating.
A Marine should first and foremost respect the Constitution before the flag.
&gt; disrespectful to the National Anthem and the country

It's got everything to do with being racist, not a single person I know that is complaining about it isn't actually a racist.  

You're still entirely talking politics and not business by the way.
Ok sure, if you fucking hate the 49ers thats fine.   Or if you're a 49ers fan thats ok too.
Sometimes doing the right thing hurts.  That said, with $34 billion in revenue last year, I think they will be ok.
I agree, but man have I gotten so many messages of people who ~~disgrace~~ disagree with this protest but say their motivation isn't racial. I guarantee you people would be saying this is the pinnacle of American freedom (anthem protests) if it was Tom F'ing Brady taking a knee.
&gt; while there's a continuous presumption that I'm worse, regardless of evidence to the contrary. "Whatever, you wouldn't know," while they're buying Nike.
&gt; 
&gt; Fuck. That. Shit


No one has a free pass to be racist/sexist/exploitative, etc., but history shows white folks are the biggest offenders to minorities rights and suppression, especially in the United States (and still to this day). Failing to acknowledge that is just repeating mistakes again like we are currently witnessing.
&gt; Kaepernick's method of protest was seen as disrespectful to the National Anthem and the country as a whole to many people (don't argue this with me because I could care less, I'm just stating why it's a bad business move).

Let's be honest here.  The only reason anyone sees it as disrespectful is because Fox News told them it was.  

&gt; Unless you're selling to a niche market, being political is never a good business practice.  

I don't know if this is necessarily applicable, as Kaepernick's supporters outnumber the protesters by a large margin and may induce more sales from the supporters.
Such as?
Yeah because if anyone disagrees just label them racist. Classic sjw bs.
Sjws think they do
So Kap sits at the bench during the anthem, and [one Green Beret](https://www.npr.org/2017/10/17/558390590/former-green-beret-and-nfl-player-talks-about-take-a-knee-protests) tells him that it's too disrespectful to the flag.  They agree that a kneel would be a better way to go about this.  Kap starts kneeling.

So now your marine buddy "understands it but he thinks it should be done in a different way to not disrespect the flag".  Will raising a fist up in the air work?  I recall a lot of [controversy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_Olympics_Black_Power_salute#Aftermath) on that one, too.
Wall Street doesn’t care about what you did, it cares about what you will do
Is he aware that it was suggested to Kaepernick by a Green Beret that kneeling was more respectful than sitting? [Because Green Beret Nate Boyer is the one who suggested it.](https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/veteran-kaepernick-take-a-knee-anthem/)

&gt;So when I talked to them, it was mutual. Me, him, and Eric Reid [said] “I think maybe taking a knee would be a little more respectful. It’s still a demonstration. You’re still saying something but, people take a knee to pray. So for me it was a common ground, at least, to start from.
Consumers do though.
Yes exactly, and Nike has less consumers than they did yesterday
Hilarious to see people burning there shoes on FB. Nothing shows a company like trashing something you already paid for.
[deleted]
Nike also benefits tremendously from people wearing their stuff after the purchase. People are burning it to say they no longer want it AND they will no longer be a walking advertisement
Unless one of those people are millennial influencers, they will not feel the lost.  In factby doing this bold action, it will probably increase their sales.
They may increase sales through other initiatives, but getting political and dividing your consumer base is never a net positive. The left may think it's cool and edgy, but the right will just buy adidas, UA, puma, etc. Competition has never been tougher for Nike - this was not the time to push consumers to other non-political brands
Really doubt it, most team US is sponsored by Nike. Also, grumpy old men angry at nfl taking a knee are not their main audience.
I feel like the social media burning of the shoes is advertisement more than some random weird teenager no one cars about no longer wearing nikes

Definitely raises brand awareness of that wasn't high enough
What about the entire police force, active military and veterans, and conservatives across the nation in general. Like Nike, you are underestimating the giant chunk of business that Nike just turned off.
Sweatshops, rampant sexual harassment culture culminating in a current ongoing lawsuit...the kaepernick thing will just have more people paying attention to the details of Nike
I think that you are hugely overestimating how many people are against nfl players protesting police abuse. Also, i dont want to sound cruel, but they will be gone in 10 years.
People that burn their own shoes probably aren't doing much for advertising the brand anyways..
You don't think the executives who run Nike and understand what their market is, who their customers are and what impact this will have hasn't taken this into account?

Do you think you have a better understanding of all of this to say they're making a bad decision? 

🙄
Yeah the NFL ratings tanked due to some angry 80 year olds. Get a clue - thinking that patriotic conservatives are just elderly white people about to die is pure ignorance. Look into the walkaway movement
When has a company ever gained from being political?
"... companies that fail to take a stand risk ending up in "No Brand's Land," Renshaw said. "Brands that live their beliefs in all that they do, and invite consumers to take action with them, will be rewarded with more conversation, more conversion, and ultimately, more commitment."

https://www.cnbc.com/2017/08/11/selling-social-movements-five-brands-using-politics-in-their-ads.html
Lol, tv ratings and and sport apparel are in the same industry? 
I imagine that maybe half true due to the people watching tv are mostly baby boomers, but the reality is that nfl ratings and tv ratings are generally in decline. Yeah, it probably affected nfl ratings, but sport apparel probably no.
Real shit, I'd love to know the statistics on how many people who burn/destroy Nike shoes end up caving and buying a replacement pair within the next couple years lol
Also, you are pretty naive if you think nike “owner” woke up  and suddenly thought  that it would be a great idea. Nike has an entire department dedicated at researching the impact of their advertisement campaigns.
They won’t be a walking advertisement, but they’ll help plaster the product all over the internet. That’ll really kill visibility.
Sometimes doing the right thing hurts.
The NFL has been slowly tanking on its own for over a decade now...

NBC’s Sunday Night Football  
2017: 18.175 million  
2016: 20.323 million  
2015: 22.522 million  

ESPN’s Monday Night Football  
2017: 10.757 million  
2016: 11.390 million  
2015: 12.896 million  

Thursday Night Football (NBC/CBS/NFL Network)  
2017: 10.937 million  
2016: 12.438 million  
2015: 12.425 million
Doubt it. I am one of those people going to throw the nikes out, the truth is the quality has gone down significantly and they are like No name brand now. You’re better off buying something more durable like ASICS or just better quality like adidas. Nike is only around still because of brand name
[removed]
That's by far my favorite thing about people saying, "X company is going to lose all of their target customers!" Yeah, um... they know who their target customers are.. Maybe it's *not you.* (Or the people you're screaming that they'll lose.)
Donate them please.
Do you think business executives are immune of bad decisions?
Dude... Let it go.
It just september and there are so many snowflakes I have to shovel my driveway.
Now look at those numbers relative to every other broadcast. Broadcast television and cable are dying, not the NFL. In fact, the NFL is seeing *less* losses than any other form of broadcast TV.

Summary:
You disrespect our Country I disrespect you.
Just because I don't agree with what he's doing?
Nike knows who their target market is.
I never said net worth = a good President.
I admire those ones"

\-You, probably.
I think it's a great idea.
I can show his repeated failed business though.
Is that why you don't support him?
"I don't hate black people, there are plenty of black people who don't speak up when they disagree with something.
You mean ignorance from this particular one thing that I already said isn't worth knowing about?
I would think repeated failed businessman and pedophile is enough.
I think repeated failed businessman and pedophile is more than enough.
I have no idea who this Kaepernick guy even is.
Nike was neutral, but now on one side.
Yeah, I think they’ll come out of it looking good in the end.
Comment ?stop for me to stop responding to your comments.)
What makes you say that?
"Whatever, you wouldn't know," while they're buying Nike.
He also understands it is their right as Americans though.
It's also simply the right thing to do.
How would you know if it's not worth knowing about if you don't know what the issue is?
He understands it but he thinks it should be done in a different way to not disrespect the flag.
Because it doesn't look like much at all.
Though Kaepernick's protest was in response to race relations, I don't think the blowback against Nike has anything to do with being racist.
If some people on other side boycott, wouldn't Nike be losing market shares?
Not saying TV news is good just looking at the evidence above.
&gt; Going political is not good when trying to sell a product.
Going political is not good when trying to sell a product.
You're still entirely talking politics and not business by the way.
So how does boycotting Nike over this guy mean I'm racist?
But he’s not disrespecting our country.
They agree that a kneel would be a better way to go about this.
They don't want to lose half of their customers.
Fat old grumpy conservatives dont buy Nike.
Clinton was impeached for his actions.
I'm not "ignoring" anything, why would I waste time typing about shit that has nothing to do with what we are talking about?
People that burn their own shoes probably aren't doing much for advertising the brand anyways..
Do you think you have a better understanding of all of this to say they're making a bad decision?
I am one of those people going to throw the nikes out, the truth is the quality has gone down significantly and they are like No name brand now.
Wouldn't those companies make more money selling to both sides?
Lol I guarantee your will never come close to his net worth.
It's a brand new lineup vs a recycled one.
Just because you say Mueller has nothing doesn’t mean it’s true.
