Original Response:
No, and it isn’t a crisis.  Our debt has to be viewed in the context of our 21 trillion GDP and low inflation.
Debt is growing faster than GDP. At a certain point you have to break math in order to define it not a in a crisis.
The ratio has been pretty flat for many years.  I think the word crisis is an overstatement.  Especially in light of the fact that there aren’t any alarms going off with inflation and employment is high.
Except it almost doubled during Reagan or Obama. In 1980 it was at about 30%, now 105%. You are in a crisis already when your interest payments grow faster than your income, not when you are unable to pay your interest anymore. And please don't pay attention to these phony government statistics.
210T in unfunded liabilities.
Debt to DGP isn't even at the highest its ever been. The USA also has over $100 trillion in natural resources/resource contracts. 21T (mostly owned by the USA's own citizens) is not as scary as some people believe.
This is true, and the interest rates could become so high the government can't even afford to borrow anymore. Throwing this out the window is like you say, saying math or simple economics don't exist.
2017 debt/GDP is just 0.4% below 2016, which is even in range of error margin of GDP measurement. Even if, 1 year doesn't make a trend, but the last 40 years do. That mostly own citizen are creditors makes it even easier for the government to default on their debt, since the citizen cannot legally sanction their government nor is there any legal right on government resources, since all government debt is uncollateralized debt. Its just backed by the believe and trust that the government can pay it back in fiat, which they can do in the end through the printing press one way or the other, but that is just another form of default. If you believe that the government pays its own citizen back in "natural resources/resource contracts", you are fucking naive.
Right, a government can tax max 100% of GDP in order to pay interest on their debt. But this point is so absurd that it will never be reached or the government will just change the law in order to fund itself through the printing press. This ends up in any case in a hyperinflation, which is just another form of default.
I don't know what you're talking about, "tax max 100% of GDP"...I don't think you know what you're saying. I am not expert either but that does not make any sense at all. The US gets its money from taxes, when those aren't enough they sell securities to other countries and banks. The US is already doing this and is operating at a deficit so I guess what you meant by "tax max 100% of GDP" was tax even more? Sure but I don't think you can tax anymore without making the people broke and outraged.

The more the US borrows the more it will have to pay back in interest rates, if its get to the point where it is borrowing so much that it is economically unfeasible for them to ever pay back their debt then at some point they won't be able to borrow anymore, either because the government itself realize its futile or because other governments or commercial banks won't have faith in US debt, realizing the US won't be able to pay back their debts and will have to default. The world trusts in US debt moreso than any other country and that is why people still buy treasury bonds from them.
The US government can borrow money at low interest rates of 2-3% right now.  But it can tax you on the land you own, the stuff you will buy, the salary you earn, the profits of your company and it taxes the profits from your investments.  

The govt also owns millions of acres of land and parks that it can charge fees to use.  The US is also one of the most diverse economies and has every natural resource to be self sustaining.  

We’ll be fine chicken littles.
It is just a theoretical situation. Long before that any government goes bankrupt when debt grows faster than GDP. But you underestimate the abilities of governments, they are not dependent on creditors in the end. The reason why foreigners trust in the US Dollar more than in their own fiat is because it is the less bad fiat. But there are alternatives.
They cannot tax more than 100% of your income. You didn't do the math, do you?

Any defaulting government gives creditors fuck about their obligations. Just look at Argentina. 

Even if the US compensated treasury holders in acres of parks, you can't eat the parks (just think of the government liabilities, pension funds, annuity funds aso.), you have to sell them. It would lead to a crash of land prices. The land is only valuable because supply is very limited, but in case of mass auctions the situation would look much different leaving you with pennies on the Dollar.
Obviously they wouldn't hand over wood/oil/minerals, they sell them and repay in usd, as the loans require. It doesn't matter that the 100T+ isn't in cash, they can repay the loans easily.
Theoretically they could, but there is no obligation in the contract to do that. It's much easier for a government to print the money.

Summary:
Right, a government can tax max 100% of GDP in order to pay interest on their debt.
Debt is growing faster than GDP.
It's much easier for a government to print the money.
The US government can borrow money at low interest rates of 2-3% right now.
The USA also has over $100 trillion in natural resources/resource contracts.
