Original Response:
Lmao when will you realize that unless you have something other than virtue preaching, no one will play by the rules. Don’t blame the bully , blame your
Government for having no leverage. Crying every damn day how it’s not fair.
He’s the only one with balls to stand up against Trump’s rule breaking bullshit. A con government would have buckled the moment Trump said anything.
Yeah, not buying this argument. He never had much leverage. What most didn't expect was that despite that well known fact, he is still fighting back.

Edit:sp
How is he fighting back? By crying to the media? He has nothing to offer. It’s not an argument it’s the reality of the situation. 

These talks won’t succeed. Canada has a choice to take a bad deal and take a minor hit, or not take the deal and take a major hit. These are the only two outcomes that you have. No one is here to babysit you so idk what all this crying is there to achieve. 

Also , please don’t talk about fighting back. Trudeau wrote one tweet to Saudi Arabia and got put in his place instantly. We are  still buying their oil and dealing arms probably. Trudeau hasn’t fought with anything more practical then words. Any opponent who can see through that will be on the winning side.
I'm supposed to blame Trudeau because America is ten times the size of Canada? Make sense.
Your are supposed to blame the government for virtue preaching and then acting like a child when it comes time to real negotiations.
Who's been crying that it's not fair?
You don't strike me as someone that knows half the story. He's pushed back for some time now.

Infact he explained the approach "Canadians are polite; we’re reasonable, but we also will not be pushed around,” said Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, taking a firm stance at the end of the G7 summit.

I'd go further to say that his message is less about Canadian principles and more that Trump is neither polite nor reasonable.
Sooo all words and no substance?
So, all regurgitation and no insight?
Your examples are all the insight I need. You proved my point.
It's not a negotiation if one side is overtly not "negotiating" in good faith.  A negotiation requires concessions, why sell out the country by virtue signalling for the 1-2% of Canada who supports Trump against their own interests?  

Trudeau is understating our leverage, Trump has been neutered at this point by his own congress and administration.  His friends and fellow cronies are about to be strung up on CNN 24/7 and I can't wait to watch.
So you are saying our leverage exists in the hands of the US government as opposed to something we can control. You are counting on CNN with its abysmal rating to showcase this “justice” allowing Canada to sign a favourable contract while making no compromises for its lack of power. Isn’t gonna happen.
I pointed out a vulnerability in the American negotiating position, every vulnerability can absolutely be leveraged, that's negotiation 101 my friend.

CNN is uninvolved in the NAFTA negotiation, the comment I made was more of an aside, like "his administration has zero domestic capital AND ON TOP OF THAT he's about to get strung up on congressional hearing after hearing." An enjoyable spectacle if you don't subscribe to the Trump school of thought.  Also, [CNNs ratings aren't actually abysmal anymore, thanks to Trump, but I'm sure you knew that already.](https://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/jul/03/donald-trump/trumps-pants-fire-claim-cnn-ratings-are-way-down/)
There is vulnerability just like Canada has a vulnerability to accept. If we don't, this economy will be hit into an instant recession, especially from Auto Tariffs. So far he has put Tariffs on China and Europe and despite being hit back, has managed to grow the economy and reach record levels of employment. 

If Canada gets saved by the US congress (which i highly doubt) credit would completely go to the US as opposed to any real negotiations that are happening. If US congress is your best example of leverage Canada has, then indeed you are painting a very bad position for it.

Obviously CNN is not involved directly but they will report anything negative about Trump that they can. They are a completely biased and declining new source that does little to follow basic ethics of journalism. 

Good job quoting an article from mid 2017. Heres a little update for you.

https://www.theblaze.com/news/2018/06/03/cnns-ratings-downslide-continues-with-massive-losses-gets-steamrolled-by-fox-news

https://dailycaller.com/2018/06/26/cnn-food-network-ratings/

This pathetic excuse of a network is ranking below food channels.
&gt; So far he has put Tariffs on China and Europe and despite being hit back, has managed to grow the economy and reach record levels of employment.

These talking points are old and stale and completely uninspiring.  

&gt; If Canada gets saved by the US congress (which i highly doubt) credit would completely go to the US as opposed to any real negotiations that are happening. 

US would be saving themselves, not Canada.  What Trump (and the Daddy Defence Force) fail to realize is that the North American auto industry is incredibly interconnected, tearing up NAFTA or imposing auto tariffs would DESTROY the rust belt, many of these states are still recovering from the recession and lack industry diversification.  Do you think they're going to side with Trump on this one if they're out of work?  

&gt; Obviously CNN is not involved directly but they will report anything negative about Trump that they can. They are a completely biased and declining new source that does little to follow basic ethics of journalism.

*eyeroll*
&gt;These talking points are old and stale and completely uninspiring.

I'm not here to inspire you, i'm here to prove you wrong which I already have multiple times.

&gt;US would be saving themselves, not Canada. What Trump (and the Daddy Defence Force) fail to realize is that the North American auto industry is incredibly interconnected, tearing up NAFTA or imposing auto tariffs would DESTROY the rust belt, many of these states are still recovering from the recession and lack industry diversification. Do you think they're going to side with Trump on this one if they're out of work?

Yes thats what they said about the previous tariffs Trump put on Europe, Canada and China. Yet heres the US with a booming economy, domestically productive citizens and they currently have Canada cornered in negotiating the Free trade agreements. Heck Trump even won over Mexico lmao. The country liberals claim hes disrespected and yet here we are. Canada the Human rights mascot getting overlooked by Mexico and siding with Trump. Please save the bullshit for your fellow classmates.

So kind of you to ignore the articles i wrote poiting out the coorelation between CNNs bullshit and its huge decline over the past year. Ill link you them again, maybe you wont ignore them this time.

https://www.theblaze.com/news/2018/06/03/cnns-ratings-downslide-continues-with-massive-losses-gets-steamrolled-by-fox-news

https://dailycaller.com/2018/06/26/cnn-food-network-ratings/
Dude your CNN articles are off topic, and I really don't give a shit about CNN or your tirade on fake news or the deep state or whatever.  Shit on CNN all you want, I'll help.  CNN sucks.  Next.

&gt; Yes thats what they said about the previous tariffs Trump put on Europe, Canada and China.

Apples and oranges, both Europe and China are completely irrelevant, they are completely removed from the North American auto industry supply chain.  But don't take my word for it, ask the [auto industry and republican politicians in rust belt states.](https://www.reuters.com/article/uk-usa-trump-autos/trump-threat-of-auto-tariffs-opposed-by-auto-industry-republicans-idUKKCN1IO2TN)

I'm not interested in licking Americas boots, especially given that Trump lacks the political capital to carry out his threats.  But you do you man, let him bang your girlfriend too while you're at it.

Summary:
US would be saving themselves, not Canada.
Yes thats what they said about the previous tariffs Trump put on Europe, Canada and China.
&gt; Yes thats what they said about the previous tariffs Trump put on Europe, Canada and China.
&gt;US would be saving themselves, not Canada.
He's pushed back for some time now.
&gt; Obviously CNN is not involved directly but they will report anything negative about Trump that they can.
If we don't, this economy will be hit into an instant recession, especially from Auto Tariffs.
Obviously CNN is not involved directly but they will report anything negative about Trump that they can.
