Original Response:
&gt; She balked at the “socialist” label, but Québec solidaire’s platform includes the total or partial nationalization of Quebec’s banking system

For fuck's sake, the provinces don't *have* jurisdiction over the banking industry. If you don't have any notion of what it is that you're even allowed to do and not, then why the hell should anyone trust that any other aspect of your platform isn't also complete fucking amateur hour?
Here's a hint: QS' only achievement has been splitting the separatist vote to keep the PQ out of power.
Three different parties with some separatist tendencies and then we have the liberals. Doesn't leave much choice for a non separatist like myself. Kinda wish there was a proper alternative so I'm not stuck voting for the same party each year.
Not a big fan of their platform but the ideas is that those things are plans for the future, which includes a separated Quebec.
&gt; includes the total or partial nationalization of Quebec’s banking system

Alberta already tried this once and was told no. Can't imagine Quebec would be allowed either.
CAQ isn't separatist. Well, it's separatist in the sense that if Canada elected a "Set Quebec on fire" party, it would go for it, unlike the liberals who would welcome oblivion if it came from their federal masters.
Here's the thing: Quebec wont ever separate, so dont even take that into consideration when choosing a party to vote for.
You are right, they aren't separatist. But their platform is all about making Quebec stronger in the federal level. Like having your kid want you to pay them while they live at home at 30.
Then vote for the party you actually prefer, and if they end up trying to separate, simply vote No at the referendum.
That's actually untrue.
Like voting for the PQ and have them come up with silly idea like the *Charter affirming the values of State secularism and religious neutrality and the equality between women and men, and providing a framework for accommodation requests*?*

*No kidding, that is the actual title of the Bill.
There's also the NDP and Green Party. Both fringe parties but if you want to vote federalist and don't like the PLQ at least they exist.

I'm kinda stunned how awful all the choices are though, to be honest. I tend to vote Green because I want to send the message that the federalist left is extremely underserved.
If QS and PQ could have reconciled their differences there's a strong chance they could have rolled to at least a minority, possibly a majority, government. Not that I'm about to complain.
All parties get money from the government based on their share of the votes in the last election. No vote is wasted even if it's a fringe party. If the Green Party, NDPQ, even the provincial Conservative Party speaks to you then it's important we build those up for the future. I don't like the mainstream choices either but the fact that we have two legit options that didn't or barely existed a decade ago gives me hope that getting in on the ground level of a fringe party could be a good thing for the future of the province.
Care to elaborate? All i'm saying, for example, is if your values align with a certain party but you choose not to vote for them solely because they want to separate, you should go ahead and vote for them because separation will never happen.

I'm quite indifferent to the separation of Québec. I see the advantages and I see the disadvantages it would bring. That said, I dont think it will ever happen.
Francois Legault is literally a separatist, he just doesn't want to admit it because he wants to get elected.
It is so far, and it was a lot closer then than it is now, to put it mildly.
The keyword is "partial", since they know as well as I do that they won't be able to do it fully.
I hate this talking point so much. It's not just a matter of voting no at a referendum. Separatism shapes the policies of the parties that believe in it. If you vote PQ you're voting for their nonsensical plan to force English students to attend French CEGEPs and other such virtue signalling policies. If you vote QS you're voting for immediate government-funded studies on how to separate. You're voting for legitimizing a fruitless, expensive, time-wasting effort when our priorities as Quebecers should be elsewhere.
I am always surprised when people don't vote for a party in Quebec because the party is pro-separation, especially when the party does not plan on doing a referendum in its first mandate.

In all the platforms, the only policies/decisions/projects you will get asked to vote on is the sovereignty of Quebec. So why would you vote for say the liberal party, which you don't agree with and won't have a say on their policies, instead of a more left-leaning party which you will agree with (presumably) most of their policies, and the one direction of the party you do not agree with, you will get to asked to vote on it.
"It doesn't matter if he said he's not a separatist, I know he's a separatist!"

That's called being crazy.
You think it's crazy that I don't believe something a politician said? Is this your first day?
If you said "I don't think Trump is right wing", yes, I would call you crazy too. The CAQ is not separatist.
Their entire program assumes independence. At that point, they would have jurisdiction to do it.
Going to vote for the conservatives. Just because they aren't the Libs or separatists.
You can certainly say that you believe him at his word but to suggest that I'm crazy for not believing him is not only insulting but it's a lazy, baseless argument. 

Legault was a prominent member of the PQ for a long time. He was a cabinet member and he was often mentioned as a potential candidate in leadership races. Do you think someone that high up in the vanguard of Quebec separatism doesn't believe in his own parties reason for existence? 

But sure, between his "retirement" in 2008 and coming back a couple of years later I'm sure he changed and suddenly believes in a unified Canada. 

Please. Legault is as dirty of a politician as they come. He'll say anything if it means getting elected. He's untrustworthy. Maybe that means he was never a separatist to begin with and was in the PQ as a matter of convenience, but as a federalist I'd rather not take the risk and I certainly don't want to take someone like him at his word.

And while I never said that the CAQ was separatist, only Legault himself, that party is a coalition of separatists and federalists. There are tons of former pequistes in there. The party itself doesn't believe in anything, they're purely political and exist for the sole purpose of achieving power. That being said there are plenty of caquistes that are separatists, to suggest otherwise is what's crazy.
You might as well say they're secretly nazis or communists or FLQ members. None of it is based on any reality.
You're right, it's completely crazy to suggest the former separatist who made a party full of separatists and whose platform is chalk-full of the nationalist agenda might be lying about not being a separatist anymore...

Like do you actually have anything of value to say here or are you just going to continue throwing around nonsensical comparisons to try and gaslight people into believing that Legault is not shady?
Have you considered that people change their minds?
Ndpq? Green?
Have you considered that people are capable of lying?
Yes, and I've also considered that the CAQ is not a conspiracy to get people to vote for a separatist party to then have a surprise referendum and somehow successfully secede from Canada democratically while separatism is in the low 30s.
You keep putting words into my mouth. It's not only annoying but it demonstrates that you're not here to argue with me in good faith. I never said that there's a conspiracy to elect a secret separatist party and hold a referendum, I never even said that the CAQ was a separatist party. I merely suggested that the word of a career pequiste who burst back onto the scene when it was convenient for him to start a political party with his name in it might not be truthworthy.

That doesn't necessarily mean that he and his fellow former pequistes in the CAQ plan to separate or waste our time with a fruitless referendum, it merely means that people should be wary of a politician who could be lying about what he stands for, or worse, whose values are easily swayed by whatever gets him ahead.
I don't see the harm in Quebec being allowed to make more decisions that are different from the rest of Canada, as long as it pays for them itself. Many countries give autonomous status to unique regions/provinces/etc. In fact, we already kinda do with Quebec, since for example they have a separate immigration system. A non-sovereign but autonomous province of Quebec that pays for itself (or at least pays for anything new but keeps the current equalisation format) is fine for me.

edit: I want to clarify that I am not arguing for or against equalisation payments here. My point is just that as long as it doesn't involve taking *more* money from the rest of Canada and also does not involve the country breaking in half, I don't mind if Quebec is permitted to do some things differently than the other provinces. This sort of setup works fine in various formats in France (Corsica), Italy (German- and French-speaking regions), the UK (Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland), South Korea (Jeju), Finland (Aland), Spain (Catalonia) and others. It has also probably saved some of these regions from separating, especially Catalonia and Scotland, since separatists and federalists (or whatever they call their equivalents there) can tolerate the situation.
Was it not in the last election (if not also this one) where they said no referendum for 10 years, or no referendum until the 2nd term.

Say what you want about the CAQ, but if your leader both doesn't know the current immigration policy let alone the only bilingual province in Canada, I have a hard time believing he has a level of understanding of general things such that he should be Premier. There's a lack of integrity with his party. 

When the first thing every one of your candidates says is "15 years with the liberals, its enough!" you know you don't have anything more than Mario Dumont's ADQ - a political quagmire that serves only as a protest vote for liberals and PQists. 

I am not a separatist, but the QS candidate in my riding is the only one that has talked about issues facing my riding. I can't let myself be the sort of English-Quebecer that votes liberal because their parents sent them to English school. I need to vote for the right choice.

It makes my mouth sour to say it, but it's the state of quebec politics; if it comes to a referendum I'd just vote no like everyone else did twice already. Until then, I am liable to vote for the party that best says it will represent my needs. 

Unfortunately, the best party for an English Quebecer isn't the best party it's about picking the party least likely to trample on me. These days, it isn't all that clear.
I'm not putting words in your mouth. You're saying that despite their statements to the contrary, the CAQ is a separatist party. And if you believe that in a way that makes you not want to vote for them, it's because you think they'll hold a referendum and succeed.
Oh, don't get me wrong, Legault's a moron.
It's like I'm taking crazy pills... never mind that I never said that the CAQ is a separatist party in this exchange, in your next sentence you literally put words in my mouth by suggesting that if I believe that then I must think they plan to hold a referendum. 

If you don't intent on discussing this with me in good faith, then I guess I have no choice but to continue responding to your bullshit arguments for the rest of the day.
he also doesn't want people to see him for what he is, a PQist that recognized he'd never be able to lead the party. He wants power, that's it. What he would do with it is literally anyone's guess.
&gt;That's called being crazy.

People tend to revert to ad hominems when they don't have anything legitimate to say.
[removed]
[removed]
It's not an ad hominem. If you told me you're not voting for Trudeau because he's going to ban abortion and gay marriage despite his statements to the contrary, I would call you crazy too.
Yeah, just gonna block you now.
It might be untrue but look at the facts.  Sovereignty is most popular with old boomers, the younger generations don't want anything to do with it.  The project is slowly dying like its supporters.
**confirmed**.
I refuse to argue with stupid.
I read the conservatives' program and like most of it. Although, I get why it won't be more popular with most people.
And that’s why he can’t be trusted. He’s purely a politician. I’m sick of politicians.
I would imagine their election would also involve Quebec separating from the rest of Canada..
It wouldn't but QS is a separatist party.
agreed.
That would also be an ad hominem. That's what those words mean. You can't just dispute the meaning of a word you clearly don't understand. Just like you did earlier when I accused you of putting words in my mouth, and then you proceeded to deny it by putting even more words in my mouth. 

This whole time you've provided no legitimate argument as to why a person who spent most of his career in a separatist party should be believed just because he said he's not a separatist anymore. All you've done is fling insults and nonsensical analogies.
Quebec doesn't control its immigration, it just makes suggestions to the Canadian government, which, I think, are usually listened to. It's one of the issues this election because the CAQ has said they want fewer immigrants but that's not really their call.
Hey man, i'm not a separatist yet i'm possibly voting QS.

They're not going to manage seperation anyways, and they have some good ideas amongst some of their more outlandish ones.
Ontario got sick of politicians and they got an asshole, so did the US.
You don't know what you're talking about at all. If someone wants to immigrate to any other province, they apply to Canada (although the process might also involve some form of recommendation by a province, like some kind of skilled worker programme or whatever else), whereas someone intending to settle in Quebec must apply to both Quebec and Canada, with Canada mainly being involved in the security aspect but having no say over other aspects (i.e. assets/income, education, skills, etc). Quebec does not suggest who immigrates there, they choose based on their own criteria.

If you don't believe me, go to the Canadian immigration website and see for yourself. I won't claim to have an immigration lawyer's level of knowledge on the topic, but I am familiar with it because I sponsored a family member.
power to ya then. Was just listing the non-lib non-separatists that i'm aware of
From the Canadian Encyclopedia:

&amp;#x200B;

The federal government remains solely responsible for admitting immigrants into Canada and for determining the total number of immigrants admitted annually, but takes into consideration the number of immigrants that the Government of Québec wishes to receive, as well as Québec’s criteria and conditions for residence (such as duration of stay and authorization to work and study) and reasons for refusing admission (for example, health grounds, security reasons, or having been convicted of a crime). 

&amp;#x200B;

That Quebec chooses who immigrates to its territory has nothing to do with what I said, which is about the number of immigrants, which is agreed upon by both governments.
Surely there has to be a middle ground between career politicians and trump and his clones.
I mean, ideally sure, but realistically, the price of campaigning favors the independently wealthy or people with political parties backing them. That's why you get these businessmen who come in promising to bring private sector-savvy to the government to get things done in the way corporations do.

It's really attractive to the basic voter who's afraid for the future. For one, that voter doesn't really understand how a government works and on the other hand, that voter doesn't really understand how a corporation works. They don't see that corporations work because the government keeps them afloat and structures the market by its influence. They see lean-efficient machines that make profit and create things, and not as large, inefficient things that live off tax credits and accounting tricks. And they see the government as a bunch of talking heads out for their own interest. When you bring a business mindset to government, you're gonna run roughshod over the institutions that structure a society and its economy.
Legault actually wrote a report about money in a sovereign Québec.
https://www.ledevoir.com/politique/quebec/81056/un-quebec-souverain-degagerait-un-surplus-de-cinq-milliards

Summary:
The CAQ is not separatist.
It's not just a matter of voting no at a referendum.
That's what those words mean.
You think it's crazy that I don't believe something a politician said?
"It doesn't matter if he said he's not a separatist, I know he's a separatist!"
It wouldn't but QS is a separatist party.
Going to vote for the conservatives.
That said, I dont think it will ever happen.
You don't know what you're talking about at all.
He wants power, that's it.
I never said that there's a conspiracy to elect a secret separatist party and hold a referendum, I never even said that the CAQ was a separatist party.
I need to vote for the right choice.
I'm not putting words in your mouth.
Here's the thing: Quebec wont ever separate, so dont even take that into consideration when choosing a party to vote for.
You're saying that despite their statements to the contrary, the CAQ is a separatist party.
He'll say anything if it means getting elected.
