Original Response:
As my flair indicates, I'm an atheist, and not only do I not believe in God, but I don't believe in any sort of supernatural religious claim, such as the afterlife, prayer, the soul, etc, with one exception: Free Will. I wouldn't say I'm completely on board with the concept, it's more like I'm agnostic about it, but that's more credit than I give every other supernatural religious claim I can think of at the moment. This could lead into another discussion about why people are convinced by certain claims and not others but I'm not going to get into that in this post. 

So to clarify what I mean by free will/determinism: Imagine the universe gets a do over with all the same variables and initial conditions being identical to the one we live in now. When this universe gets to be exactly as old as the current one, am I still here writing this post, or has it changed, even slightly, due to the actions of conscious beings? If you think it's unchanged, then you are a supporter of determinism (please correct me if I got this wrong somehow) If you think it's changed due to the actions of conscious beings, then you are a supporter of free will. I guess you could also hypothetically argue that the laws of the universe are random but I don't see anyone actually arguing this so I'll ignore this option for now. If there is another option, I don't see it, and I do consider a deterministic universe incompatible with free will.

Most atheists I've met are in the deterministic camp. This is fine, but something I've noticed about Christians is that some are in the free will camp but others are in the deterministic camp, and certain members of both camps will deride atheists for being on the opposite side of the free will debate. For example, one free will Christian I met on this subreddit accused me of believing in the idea that I'm all just a slave to the chemical reactions in my brain, while when I had to babysit my neighbors kids at Sunday school, the pastor said "There is a God and he has a plan for each of us, there are some, called atheists, who believe we are all just a happy accident, but they're wrong."

I sometimes wonder if the redditor and the pastor could get in a room together and discuss free will. They are on opposite sides of the argument, but both manage to make the other side look like an absurd by product of rejecting Christianity. I get that within every group there are internal disagreements, and I'm not using this as proof Christians don't know what they are talking about or anything, I just find it funny that both think the other side is comprised only of the irreligious. 

Now, I know that some of you might be trying to contest the notion that these two Christians contradict each other on the matter of free will. Let me try to justify that premise: 

So, my mom, after graduating from a university in Ohio, had job offers in both New York and Virginia. She went to Virginia where she met my dad and had me. But, if free will is true, then she could have just as easily gone to New York and not met my dad and I wouldn't even exist. Maybe someone else would exist in my place, but it wouldn't be me. In that case my very existence is a happy accident. But let's say determinism is true, then you could reset the scenario an infinite amount of times, and every time my mom would go to Virginia, marry my dad, and have me, because those decisions are the result of chemical processes in her brain, in that sense, she doesn't have free will like she thinks she does, and is just a slave to chemical processes in her brain. Both positions sound completely absurd on an emotional level, but one has to be true. This is why I think anything can sound ridiculous with clever rebranding. 

The last thing I want to mention is that even if we live in a deterministic universe, there is an element to chance in life. I was born in a free country, to stable, middle class parents, not part of a discriminated minority, no severe medical conditions, not abused as a child, either physically, nor sexually, nor emotionally, and for those things, I'm better off than 99% of the world's population, despite the fact that I've done nothing to earn that place. I'm sure there are people who are more deserving of loving home than I who, through no fault of their own, will never get it. In this sense, even if God exists and he has a plan for each of us and all that, there are still elements of my life that are "happy accidents."

Summary:
But, if free will is true, then she could have just as easily gone to New York and not met my dad and I wouldn't even exist.
Most atheists I've met are in the deterministic camp.
