Original Response:
It was actually worse than the numbers suggest, imo.

Out of the 32 questions (3 posts were made by staff, so I don't count those), only 26 received an answer. 

1 person (me) asked 4 questions, another asked 3 and 2 people asked 2 questions. Questions that would have usually been bundled into a single reddit comment had to receive their own individual threads due to their rules. This means out of the 32 questions asked, only a grand total of 25(!!!) people bothered to ask a question. 

In the 26 answered question we have top tier answers such as [this](https://en-forum.guildwars2.com/discussion/55384/shatterer-mini#latest) one, or [this](https://en-forum.guildwars2.com/discussion/55387/brown-cows#latest) one, which are essentially fluff answers, that I usually don't have an issue with (let the dev's have a bit of fun, no problem), but when they take up the majority of the AMA, one of our rare chances to ask them about some actually important stuff, then I can't help but feel incredibly let down.

My absolutely favourite answer of the entire AMA was [this](https://en-forum.guildwars2.com/discussion/55355/amazing-episode-and-a-question-about-the-future-for-the-devs#latest) one. This dude essentially asks about the future of the game and justifiably wondering wether or not expansions will still be a thing. Then they "answer" the P.S. portion of the thread, complimenting them on the release. Why would you "answer" a question if you have absolutely nothing to contribute, what so ever. I didn't need them to answer this question, but to so blatantly pussy foot around the topic makes the rumors and speculation about the future of this game so much worse.

Bottom line, this was an absolute embarrassment and as one of the 25 people participating in this laughing stock it was the absolue, unrivaled worst part of yesterdays release. If this is the quality of future AMA's, or rather "dev celebrations", then with all due respect, celebrate in silence and skip the forum posts. I don't need these AMA's to be on reddit, but I need them to have a modicum of reason to exists and with the participation and answers that we got, I just don't see that.
[deleted]
&gt; Out of the 32 questions (3 posts were made by staff, so I don't count those), only 26 received an answer.

yeah it has 35 posts but i already subtracted the posts from mike and gaile, so i mentioned 33 in the title, didnt realize that gaile had another post.

&gt; Why would you "answer" a question if you have absolutely nothing to contribute, what so ever. I didn't need them to answer this question, but to so blatantly pussy foot around the topic makes the rumors and speculation about the future of this game so much worse.

My guess was they all had to answer at least one question before they were allowed to go to the game room and play the episode themselves.
[deleted]
&gt; This dude essentially asks about the future of the game 

I was about to quote you earlier saying that the only relevant questions, which are about the future of the game, are never ever getting an answer but you gave us a prime example of how much they don't care. Then Connor Fallon joins in out of nowhere saying EY YO!!! THOSE TWO GALS OVER THERE ARE ALSO COOL!!! What a joke.
It was explicitly stated that questions should be exclusively about the new release, not future content. What gives you the idea that devs can comment on anything that hasn't been announced? 

It's so typical of Reddit to not follow instructions and then get mad when they're ignored.
&gt; It's so typical of Reddit to not follow instructions and then get mad when they're ignored.

It's so typical of Reddit to feel superior and not understand the point in the slightest. I am well aware that it was stated that questions should be limited to episode 4 content, but:

1. The raid wing should be considered episode 4 content, because it was released with it. No raid dev's were available for the AMA. If they want to hold off on that for a future AMA they *should* tell their community so they don't waste their time asking questions that won't get answered.

2. My problem isn't that they didn't answer a question about the future of the game, my problem is that they, first of all, have this retarded rule in the first place. Considering they have alluded to the cancelation of expansions in 3(!!!) interviews now and still haven't given their community fuck all in terms of an official announcement, question like these were expected and if they didn't want to have to deal with them they *should* have given us literally *anything* to work with. Second of all if you absolutely do not want to answer a question and want to keep your community deliberately in the dark for whatever reason, then why in the fuck are you commenting on a P.S., praising you, when the entire question beforehand was specifically adressing a topic you desperately want to avoid.

This entire AMA was a dumpsterfire and had literally 1, maybe 2 interesting answers. All they did with their blatant pussyfooting around the topic of expansions was fuel the rumors. I was in 4 Lions Arch map chats today that openly discussed wether ArenaNet was abandoning Guildwars 2 in the near future. Sure is a good look for potential new players when the busiest map in the entire game openly talks about the game ending soon-ish. And what gives me the idea that devs can talk about things that haven't been announced? Nothing, where the fuck do you get the idea that I was under that impression. What I *wanted* was ArenaNet making said announcement in, oh, I don't know, maybe in an AMA designed to communicate with their community, sure would have been great. But I get it, not like they ever announced anything in their AMA's, other like literally half the ones in season 3.
So you understand that there was that rule, but hate the rule? Cool. That doesn't mean you get to be mad that devs didn't answer the question that broke the rule, though. They were just doing their damn job.
&gt; Second of all if you absolutely do not want to answer a question and want to keep your community deliberately in the dark for whatever reason, then why in the fuck are you commenting on a P.S., praising you, when the entire question beforehand was specifically adressing a topic you desperately want to avoid.

That was my response.  As stated, the main question was about a topic outside of the episode, however the postscript was specifically about the cinematics in the episode, and fair game for responding to. As a member of the cinematics team and somebody who was tagged to participate in the forum Q&amp;A, I thought it appropriate to let the poster know that their thanks didn't go unnoticed.
&gt; That doesn't mean you get to be mad that devs didn't answer the question

Oh shit, you just blew my mind. You know what you are absolutely correct, what was I think... Wait, I just read the comment you responded to again and I found a hidden message! Let's see if we can decipher it together, shall we?

&gt;My problem isn't that they didn't answer a question about the future of the game

If we look very closely at this specific sentence and squint our eyes a little bit, it almost makes it seem like I didn't get mad at the question not being answered. Huh, that's very interesting!
Hey, I just wanted to say that I come across more agressive than I really want in my comment. ArenaNet is doing far better in terms of communcating with their community, than a lot of other gaming companies and while I maintain that I absolutely didn't like the AMA itself I absolutely do appreciate the effort. 

I *hope* that ArenaNet, or at least some developers agree, that this AMA did not meet the standards set by the previous ones and that conclussions can be drawn and lessons learned to increase the quality of the next one.

For what it's worth, while I didn't really like the circumstances under which you commented on that thread, given that the commenter didn't receive an adequate answer to his, in my and many others opinion, valid question, I do understand that seeing your hard work appreciated in the way he did (a sentiment I share btw, awesome cutscenes) must have felt very rewarding.

It sucks that I have these opinions, considering that yesterdays patch was, in my opinion, the single best episode you ever released, by a margin. Everything, the story, the map, the raid, the sidequests in sun's refuge, was on point and as close to perfect as you guys have ever gotten and I'm extremely excited to see you replicate this success in future releases. But to me the developer AMA is part of a releases and seeing it do as poorly as it did, felt pretty bad. I don't share the sentiment on this subreddit that seems to thing that any AMA outside of reddit, on the official forums can't succeed. I do however think that the way in which it was done yesterday was less than ideal. Sorry again for coming across as harsh as I did to your specific answer.

Summary:
&gt; Why would you "answer" a question if you have absolutely nothing to contribute, what so ever.
Why would you "answer" a question if you have absolutely nothing to contribute, what so ever.
&gt; Out of the 32 questions (3 posts were made by staff, so I don't count those), only 26 received an answer.
Out of the 32 questions (3 posts were made by staff, so I don't count those), only 26 received an answer.
Then they "answer" the P.S.
That doesn't mean you get to be mad that devs didn't answer the question that broke the rule, though.
people bothered to ask a question.
