Original Response:
You do realize that the reason she was put in jail was a result of her actions after school officials confronted her about the shirt, right?  This isn’t a direct connection from the T-shirt to jail.  There are other factors involved.

My own personal opinion is that the dress code does not need to be that strict, but to say that the T-shirt caused the officials to put her in prison is misleading at best.
It reads like they were trying to take her cell phone from her by force. Sounds like a mess to sort out.
The school absolutely has the authority to confiscate her phone, by force if necessary.
Is the school resource officer a policing or police like position?  I think a chunk of the story is missing here.
School resource officers are police officers stationed on a school campus.  They do have the authority to exercise their duties on campus just as they would out on the street.

A protest is one thing, however in a school, not following the directions of teachers, administrators, and/or police officers, is considered a disruption of the learning environment, and can (and usually will) result in various consequences.
Ok that makes more sense. I was picturing a guidence councillor trying to pull a phone out of her hands.
&gt; not following the directions of teachers, administrators, and/or police officers

That hinges on those directions being lawful, which I would contend was not the case here.
I don’t disagree with what you are saying, but there is a place to address these issues.  No one was in immediate danger of bodily harm or fearing for their safety by being told that the shirt was not allowed.  Ergo, the student still had to follow directions.
&gt;  No one was in immediate danger of bodily harm *or fearing for their safety*

She says she did fear for her safety.
This was after the whole thing escalated.  The student was still in the wrong here.
You're not being consistent. She was detained for refusing to obey an unlawful direction. She's in the right.
No, the unlawful thing was for her to start yelling at people.  It is within the law for the school to enforce dress code, and give consequences for those not following it.
&gt; It is within the law for the school to enforce dress code

She wasn't breaking the dress code. She was being punished for non-disruptive political speech.
A shirt that says “turn you on” is most definitely not within the parameters of any school dress code.  Also, if that is her shirt in the picture, then it is breaking the dress code by being see-through.  You can see through the letters.

Edit: a word
&gt;A shirt that says “turn you on” is most definitely not within the confines of any school dress code.

Well let's take a look at that. Here on page 29 of [this pdf](http://images.pcmac.org/Uploads/ChristianCountySD/ChristianCountySD/Departments/PagesLevel1/Documents/2018-2019_Code_of_Acceptable_Behavior_and_Discipline_final_%28highlighted_final-8-10-18%29.pdf) is a school dress code. Her school's dress code, in fact. The only even plausible defense for the school is that the shirt's words were "obscene", and that looks like a losing case.  
^(Incidentally this dress code also requires everyone wear a belt unless their clothes can't be held by a belt and I bet they don't enforce that as vigorously.)

&gt; Also, if that is her shirt in the picture, then it is breaking the dress code by being see-through. You can see through the letters.

Uh, what? It's a blue shirt with black lettering.
I’m not disagreeing with you on the fact that the dress code is ridiculous, but yes, I think the school can keep her from wearing a shirt that says that.  However, there is a place to address issues like this, and the way this mother and child handled it was passive aggressive and irresponsible.

Again, I don’t agree with the actions of the school admin either, but they were still completely within the law with their actions.

The shirt: to me it looked like the gold lettering was her skin.  It must just be a light reflection if you say it is all black lettering.
&gt;but they were still completely within the law with their actions.

That's where I disagree. It's been established that political speech like this is protected, even for students in school. That's what Tinker v Des Moines was all about.
And there have been many other cases after Tinker that help define what political speech is in school.  I don’t think this is even close to qualifying as that.
The core is still there though, this is within the bounds of protected speech. She's protesting a specific policy that the school and therefore the state government is enforcing. That can't be ignored.

Realistically they'll reach a settlement and no precedent will be set or changed here.
&gt; Realistically they'll reach a settlement and no precedent will be set or changed here.

Completely agree.

However, Tinker didn’t connect speech regarding school policy to state government.  They aren’t on the same level.  Applying the Tinker case to something so small is like using an 8lb. sledge for a 1” nail.  You’re in the right family, but you still shouldn’t use that argument for this incident.
Yeah but you can apply Tinker so why wouldn't you?
Tinker had to do with a war protest, and in that, only armbands.  Protesting the school dress code is nothing like protesting a war.  It’s not really political speech, because school policy is not the same as state law.

You can apply the standard established in Tinker only so far as to determine if the protest disrupted the school environment.  In this case, I would say that it didn’t, but when confronted about it, the student escalated the situation.

If I were the admin, I probably wouldn’t have said a thing, let the student have her say, and she probably would have dropped it eventually.  I don’t think that it was a good idea for admin to push the issue, but I do think they were within their job responsibilities to do so.
The scale of the thing you're protesting doesn't matter to the validity of the protest though.
It does to some extent because if the rights being oppressed here are determined to be of such small significance, the student has no claim to damages.

I definitely want to know more information than is given in this article.  We’re discussing a very broad topic with very small amount of detail.
&gt; which I would contend was not the case here.

What do you think is unlawful about an order to surrender a cell phone? Remember that the school is acting *in loco parentis*. Do you think it would be unlawful for a parent to order a child to surrender a cell phone?

Summary:
&gt; which I would contend was not the case here.
It is within the law for the school to enforce dress code, and give consequences for those not following it.
Her school's dress code, in fact.
&gt; Also, if that is her shirt in the picture, then it is breaking the dress code by being see-through.
It's been established that political speech like this is protected, even for students in school.
Also, if that is her shirt in the picture, then it is breaking the dress code by being see-through.
A shirt that says “turn you on” is most definitely not within the parameters of any school dress code.
&gt;A shirt that says “turn you on” is most definitely not within the confines of any school dress code.
