Original Response:
This post will be a bit narrow.

The only point I want to discuss is the following: certain things are defined without any physical properties. However, that does not necessarily mean that immaterial things exist.

So a chair doesn't have to have a certain number of legs, or be made out of a certain material, or be specific dimensions. The only thing that's required for chair to be a chair is its use: if someone imbues it with the purpose of being sat on, its a chair.

So the definition of a chair is not dependent on specific physical properties of the object itself. 

I think some people would say then that this is a demonstration of the existence of something immaterial. I disagree.

Chess is another example. Chess can be played on a computer, or on a physical board. The pieces don't have to be any specific shape, or be made of any specific materials.

But when I actually look at a game of chess, I see: two players, those players have brains, those brains have neurons, and those neurons are firing and causing the players to move the pieces around. The neurons are physical. The pieces are physical. The book sitting next to them that has the rules of chess, that's ink and paper. There doesn't seem to be  anything non-physical required to make all of this work. It just does.

All that needs to be there for chess to be played seems to be there. What's missing?

It doesn't seem to require any extra thing on top of what's been described, some extra non-physical thing that is actual chess. The world seems to function perfectly fine without that. 

It does not seem to me that we need to bring in anything non-physical to completely paint the picture of two people successfully playing chess.

So I guess what I'm getting at is: there seems to be a case where people say that they believe in the non-physical, but really all they mean is that a word is being defined in such a way that it doesn't depend on specific physical attributes. But that, it seems to me, fits fine within a materialist point of view, because it doesn't actually mean that something non-physical exists.

Do you agree that this alone does not show that something non-material exists? I would say that this alone is not enough to demonstrate that there are non-physical things. At least, not in a way that contradicts materialism.

&amp;#x200B;

PS. The 30 character title limit is killing me.

Summary:
All that needs to be there for chess to be played seems to be there.
I would say that this alone is not enough to demonstrate that there are non-physical things.
