Original Response:
[deleted]
I was very pro-abortion, Libertarian type do with your body what you will type myself, until my wife made the choice to carry through with pregnancy, at a time when neither of us were ready, or capable of supporting anyone else but ourselves. In my book it was a woman's choice, even though I disagreed, I supported her choice.

That child, 7 years later has absolutely changed my entire Outlook and perspective on life.  I became much less selfish, and much less of a do whatever makes YOU happy kind of guy, to this is my little person, and now I have something to live for, nurture, and protect. It shook my world more then anything else ever has.

Even if my wife and I weren't ready for this beautiful baby girl, there is someone who is ready for her, and could adopt her and get the same love, fulfillment and propose that I've gotten from this gift from God.

If you watched the video the Center for Medical Progress's undercover video of a Planned Parenthood abortion, where they are literally ripping the baby out of the mother, then dissecting it to preserve the baby's organs, and you're still pro-abortion, you have a disconnect with your ability to love life in general.
[deleted]
&gt;however, you sound like a good person and a good parent. you should have more. 

Thank you, that means a lot to me. I have 3 now though, 2, 5, and 7. I've done my part in reproducing actually. Trust me, the last one, we didn't make it to the hospital in time (I guess after 2 there's really nothing holding the baby back anymore lol) and I had to deliver him on the side of the road in West Virginia. It was terribly traumatizing, I don't want anymore after that lol. But If happens again though, I'll take it as another gift from God.

Can I ask you a personal question though, do you have kids yourself?
[deleted]
&gt;i have 2 that i know of.

lol.  

It baffles me then to see a parent who has experienced that miracle of life say they're pro-abortion.  Have you watched the Center for Medical Progress's undercover videos?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Your liver, your kidney, your blood do not have heartbeats, or brains, and are not able to survive without you, or in someone else.  

If we as a society decide a life ends when the heart stops beating, then a life starts when the heart starts beating. I'm totally ok with a morning after pill, there's no reason why anyone can't go to their local CVS and buy a $15 dollar pill after having a night of unprotected sex.

You're in the minority in this country btw. A majority of Americans now view abortion as [against their beliefs](https://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2018/05/02/this_is_the_pro-life_generation_136947.html)
Nobody should be allowed to kill their own baby just because being a parent would be an inconvenience. It’s not a matter of what she does with her own body. It’s what she does to the body of her own baby. There’s right, there’s wrong. Abortion is wrong.
[deleted]
Nah its not, and people should all have equal rights.   


No one is allowed to use my body against my will to save another life, same rights should apply to women.   


I couldn't give a fuck about religious views on it or whatnot. It comes down to an individuals right to control their own body, bad luck that other people feel bad about it.
Your argument isn't even comparable to the life of a separate viable human being.  I am completely lost in what you're even trying to say actually. Your comparing organs to a baby that can live independently outside of a human.

Women absolutely do have the rights to control what happens inside their bodies. It's called birth control, a condom, or a morning after pill.  I'm even ok with a woman terminating a pregnancy in the first 30 days.  But once that baby's heart starts beating, it's no longer just the woman's body, it's her babies body also. 

Realclearpolitics is hardly a pro-life conservative outlet btw.
[deleted]
Nobody is “using” your body. Have responsible sex and nobody has to kill any babies. It’s really that simple!
It's completely irrelevant and not even close to being the same. The baby can survive without killing the mother, it's a totally Independent life that has nothing to do with anyone else's life. 

You're saying that someone else has to give to their life to sustain another, and that's not even close to the same thing.
You may not be aware of all the facts, however, the BABY GROWS INSIDE THE WOMEN'S BODY.   


Just like a hospital cannot force you to grow have a second heart implanted in your body, for you to nourish and keep alive until they can transplant it into someone else who needs it to survive. Because that would be wrong and make it so you don't have control over what happens to your own body.   


The same thing shouldn't be done to women, it is their body.
[deleted]
You're dense dude.  It's not even comparable. Your logic is so off the wall fringe.  You're willfully not understanding that a life is being murdered.  I've tried really hard to follow what you're saying, but I give up.
The hospital didnt get her pregnant. What a ridiculous argument.
[deleted]
What does that have to do with anything, HAHAHAHAHAHA  


It is about peoples rights to control their own bodies, NOT if a hospital got them pregnant.   


YOU NEVER HAVE TO DONATE BLOOD, even if it will save countless lives, even if it takes you 5 minutes. 

Yet you want to force women to have to give birth when they don't want to.   


Just admit the hypocrisy and move on. OR offer to be willing to be forced to give up blood, and any spare organs when demanded to so that you can save some lives. 

  
It is about individuals rights to control THEIR bodies. It is their body.
Nobody forces you to get pregnant. This small statement debunks your last 3 responses. You keep repeating the same false comparisons.
&gt; i think either the father or mother should be able to terminate an unborn child.

What the fuck? Are you serious? You think that a father should be able to force a woman to have a medical procedure to abort the fetus? There's all kinds of ethical problems with that, namely body autonomy.
So *your* feel feels should dictate law?
A fetus can’t survive outside of my body either.
It’s because the right decision for you may not be the right decision for somebody else. We considered it before my daughter was born and I’m glad we didn’t but I also wasn’t a teenager.
&gt;If you watched the video the Center for Medical Progress's undercover video of a Planned Parenthood abortion, where they are literally ripping the baby out of the mother, then dissecting it to preserve the baby's organs, and you're still pro-abortion, you have a disconnect with your ability to love life in general. 

That was a fake propaganda video. You or anyone else have no right to tell anyone what they can and cannot do. See you feel that way because of your perspective of watching your girl have your child. I get that. But you need to understand if you were a woman and you were raped and became pregnant you would have a new totally different perspective. Or maybe if your child was a still born, dead while it's inside of  you or if your child was going to be born completely incapable of living anything that resembles a real life. You think bc you had an outside perspective of your girl getting pregnant and having a child that you should be able to make the decision of what women get to do with their bodies and their child? Just bc that was the particular event that changed your life doesn't mean that is the case for everyone.  Come on man.
It's murder no matter who makes the choice.
How was it a fake propaganda video when it was undercover footage at an actual planned Parenthood facility, doing an abortion and then plucking the spleen, liver, and other organs from the dead baby?  Planned Parenthood even admitted it was real video, what the fuck are you smoking bro?
If I was a woman and got raped and even thought for a second I might get pregnant, I'd immediately go and buy a morning after pill. Probably two of them. Again, I said I'm even ok with terminating a pregnancy within 30 days. There's no excuse except irresponsibility after that, period.
Ok good. But you are off with the whole 30 days thing. Anything showing a baby looking like a little human after 30 days is more propaganda. That is simply not the case.

https://www.babycenter.com/fetal-development-week-by-week
I could say the same about a lot of videos that are faked. Show me the video maybe I'll change my mind.
Then you aren’t “pro-life”. Being pro choice isn’t about murder or profits for abortion pills. It’s understanding that life isn’t black and white. There’s a grey area of understanding. You could never know how a women feels going under this, physical and emotional experience. And the biggest reason for the “left” wanting judges who prefer to keep roe v wade intact isn’t for abortion, it’s for a women’s right to body autonomy so that ignorant men like you don’t have that say.
It baffles me that you don’t understand that not all pregnancies are a “miracle of life.” I’ve had two kids, three pregnancies. One kid nearly died in birth and I nearly died bleeding out internally  from one of the pregnancies. You are naive and ignorant.
Please don’t buy two. It will make you terribly ill.
False dichotomy.  If it's pro-life then the other has to be pro-death.  The only choice involved is to kill or not to kill a child.  There's absolutely no excuse for complete lack of responsibility on the woman's part. If you don't want to pregnant, there are so many options available beforehand, and even afterwards.  

Even in cases of rape and incest, there's absolutely no reason a woman can't take responsibility for themselves and terminate the pregnancy either through a morning after pill, or an abortion within 30 days.  None.  Especially in cases of rape and incest actually. If I was raped, I would immediately go and get a pill that would ensure I wouldn't be carrying my attackers child. It's common sense and personal responsibility.
[deleted]
Because EVERY WOMAN has funds INSTANTLY AVAILABLE for such, right?  Oh, and EVERYWOMAN's periods come every 28 days like clockwork, so she'd know INSTANTLY if she was knocked up.  'Common Sense,' sir, not only do you lack that, you also have zero empathy.
Come on guy, they can't afford a morning after pill but then they'll magically be able to afford an abortion when they wait?  Doesn't make sense.  If they can't afford a condom or birth control, or the morning after pill, how will they afford an abortion which is significantly more expensive then these?  It's seems you are the one who rides the short bus of common sense sir.

If they REALLY can't afford any of these, then they probably shouldn't be having unprotected sex to begin with. It goes back to the whole personal responsibility thing.  

I absolutely do have empathy.  Empathy for the innocent precious life inside of that woman who deserves every opportunity to live, love and experience life as the universe intended them to.  I have no empathy for anyone who extinguishes the most precious gift the universe can ever give to someone.
"Empathy for the innocent precious life inside of that woman who deserves every opportunity to live, love and experience life as the universe intended them to"

WOW  So I guess infertile women aren't REAL women to you, eh?  I suppose I'M NOT A REAL WOMAN FOR NOT FOLLOWING THE UNIVERSE'S MANDATE, eh?  Another failed assumption for you, GUY, I'm female.  

Pushing the failed 'Abstinence Only' ticket? REALLY?    
https://www.mailman.columbia.edu/public-health-now/news/abstinence-only-until-marriage-programs-and-policies-are-failure  

Jeez, you're an ignorant screwhead.  I pity your wife and any daughters you may have - probably should have stuck with your first love, the priesthood.  They just LOVE shoving morals (and other things) down kids' throats.

Please don't bother to reply - you've wasted enough of my day with your half baked, non logical sentiments.  I'll leave you with some reality.  

https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2014/8/14/1321787/-When-a-corpse-has-more-rights-than-a-woman
Yes, because only half the population get pregnant. Blame biology.
[deleted]
That video is horrifying but real. Planned Parenthood did confirm that. It is not a "clump of cells." It's a tiny human and they are talking about being careful not to crush the brain and organs because those are the parts they can sell for the most money to researchers.
Freedom of choice  is not the same as pro death. But keep spewing this nonsense about how righteous you would be if you were in that position. I’m sure you’re all for the death penalty too because the only time you fucks give a shit about life is when it’s still inside somebody, but fuck it once there out. And a heart beat doesn’t equate to life either. In my personal opinion once a fetus starts to have REM cycles and fucking brainwaves is when it’s too late. I can hook up medical devices to a dead person to simulate a heart beat but that doesn’t make them alive. What makes them alive is neurons firing in the brain which allows them to feel, see, think, fight, flee, etc. but you’re a an expert on life apparently so what the fuck would I know.
&gt; Are you saying fathers have no rights when it comes to their unborn children?

They have parental rights, but not abortive rights. Are you advocating that we strap down women, put them to sleep, and rip the fetus out without their consent?
[deleted]
Okay, let's just strap you down and force surgery on you and see how you like it.
[deleted]

Summary:
It’s what she does to the body of her own baby.
I absolutely do have empathy.
Women absolutely do have the rights to control what happens inside their bodies.
It’s not a matter of what she does with her own body.
Nobody forces you to get pregnant.
It's common sense and personal responsibility.
It is about individuals rights to control THEIR bodies.
It will make you terribly ill.
You're willfully not understanding that a life is being murdered.
You're saying that someone else has to give to their life to sustain another, and that's not even close to the same thing.
I'm even ok with a woman terminating a pregnancy in the first 30 days.
It's murder no matter who makes the choice.
I am completely lost in what you're even trying to say actually.
I could say the same about a lot of videos that are faked.
Because that would be wrong and make it so you don't have control over what happens to your own body.
Your comparing organs to a baby that can live independently outside of a human.
The same thing shouldn't be done to women, it is their body.
