Original Response:
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.

Now being posted at 10pm eastern!

https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74
What's up folks? 

Quiet night at work, got a bunch done though, so... Woo?

Also, a special thank you to /u/anxietyattack2013 for deeming me worth of the time for an interview. You're awesome, thank you for making me part of your series.

Whatcha vapin' on tonight?
&lt;3 always my dude!! Happy to have you involved! Thanks for taking the time for me!!

Quiet and productive is always good in my opinion. Not always preferable, but a nice change of pace.

Apple pie a la mode and cereal crunch from cloudberry for me. What about for you dude?
hey buddy,  just dealing with hell and high water with work and obviously shooting the shit... you good?
CHIC from /u/afflaq at Apothecary. Delicious stuff, something unique and just a bit different from what you would normally expect.
I'm good. Relatively good day all in all.
What kinda juice is it?
Hell yeah! Vaping on some super strong coffee juice I made because I can barely taste
nice.  fair enough.  i know you LOVE wenesdays.....

just getting ready to make some dinner...
Coconut honeysuckle ice cream.
What did you use for the coffee base?
Dude that sounds refreshing as heck!
I signed up for it. I know what's coming week to week.
It's some really good stuff. Very mild but super tasty
&gt; I know what's coming week to week.

you know what?  sadly that would be something I would fucking LOVE.
Trade ya in a heartbeat. If only for a week.
not THIS week my friend...:)
I dunno dude, everyone else in my house is sick. It's not exactly a great week to be here either.
yeah,  feeling sick myself,  or just real weary and exhausted... and not late here... just one of those weeks i guess....
FA, with some Bavarian cream and sugar cookie
Is that dark bean espresso? That stuff is potent!
I don’t think so. Just normal coffee. However my sense of smell is really bad so I need strong ass flavors
I decided to take a chance on something other than a dripper and got some version of the Aromamizer in the mail today.

Once I scrub it down and get some motivation I'll be swearing at a new tank for the first time in ages.

Is it bad that my first thought when seeing a 3ml capacity is "that won't last very long"?
As a MTLer, I see a DL tank with less than 5ml and think it won’t last a day lol
A day is a very very optimistic estimate since I vape like 20ml a day.

I'm wondering how many hours it will last or if it will make it an hour.
I was that way till I switched up to 6mg from 3mg when DL vaping. It’s saved me so much in juice
I was closer to 30ml before I switched from 1.5mg to 3mg.

I've been tempted to mix up some 6mg to see if my throat will handle it for when I'm stressed out.
It’s def worth trying. 

1.5mg makes me feel like I’m drowning personally. I need my throat hit though lol
Mine are 2ish ml and I'm on my 2nd one since 1:30...that's a lot for me.
I buy FW Jungle Juice flavor in 500ml bottles so throat hit isn't an issue for me.

I'm all about menthol and citrus fruits, aside from lemon.
Ahh gotcha lol. That makes sense lol
I swap batteries in a dual battery mod twice a day, but I was mostly a 2 pack a day smoker, unless I was extremely stressed or delivering pizza. Then it was 4 packs a day.

I got into DIY because I didn't have much choice.
I switch batteries in the morning and fill when I need to buy at most once a day. But the goodness just wrapped me in it's syrupy love and I can't put it down!
Most of this modern stuff... What am I supposed to do, bring a fanny pack? It's all 24mm+ atties that need 90W to start and hold 4mL if you if you put on the 30mm bubble glass! If you want something DtL you can take out without support, it's all been downhill since the Crown v1.
Eh, the siren v2 is 24mm and still greatest. 

Still, I agree lol
Would you call it better than the Siren v1?
I haven’t used the v1 but I’m in love with the v2!
I've got both v1s and I get along with them okay but not great I've been on the fence about the v2 24mm basically since it came out.
It’s worth it in my opinion. It’s my go to RTA, and that’s including my kayfuns and other RTAs I’m reviewing lol

Summary:
What about for you dude?
I know what's coming week to week.
I need my throat hit though lol.
I signed up for it.
It's some really good stuff.
If only for a week.
I haven’t used the v1 but I’m in love with the v2!
Relatively good day all in all.
