Original Response:
What is he supposed to say? " My owner is a cheap fuck and I can't put together a winning team, because we had one miracle run with a sub-par roster and I'm expected to do it again" ?
The problem with this fan base is that they fail to identify the fact that the team straight up over-achieved in the 2017 playoff run.
There is no problem with the fanbase in this city.  We are the same as any other.  The problem is with ownership and management not being able to identify when the team is getting by on luck.
That's a generalization that just isn't true. We are well aware we overachieved. The problem with this fan base is we hate an owner and GM that peddle hope and doing "everything they can" to make us a playoff team, when in reality the owner will not spend to compete properly. A true rebuild would be centered around Karlsson, Duchene and Stone. We've lost the best player we've ever had and potentially have two more stars out the door.
The Sens rebuild should have started with a new owner and worked it's way down from there. The fact it started with Karlsson means it started by tripping and broke a leg during the fall.
Generalizing is easy from the outside when all you have is other people’s generalizations to go by.
If anything I think we’re a market that does not reward a mediocre product as much as some other markets. Whether that’s good or bad is up for debate but it works when management works IMO.  I think the CEO gets a little too involved to the detriment of management lately, and it’s starting to really show.
Fans want him to at least acknowledge mistakes. In this interview Dorian tried to spin every single thing the organization has done as a positive. Even ignoring the Karlsson situation, the Duchene trade was an objective failure which deprived a rebuilding team of an almost certain top 5 pick. Yet Dorian’s only mention of it was as part of a story praising Melnyk for giving the ok for the trade.
I think the market would reward a mediocre rebuild team if they weren't so hell bent on trading their star player and Ottawa favourite. It's fine for a team to rebuild, but not only did they trade away their true star player, they got a terrible return for him. How do you not get a blue chip prospect back for a generational talent that would give the fans a new sense of hope and beginning.
Fair point. Not one I can disagree with that’s for sure. The optics are purely salary dump to me.
I think tavares leaving the isles is what caused that crappy return. Ottawa was more desperate to get any return rather than have what happened to the isles happen
Not all generalizations are like that, though.
That one was. 

Sincerely,  local anecdotes.
As a hockey fan, that would be the dankest timeline lol
&gt;the Duchene trade was an objective failure which deprived a rebuilding team of an almost certain top 5 pick

Was Ottawa rebuilding? They were one goal away from the Cup final the year prior.
&gt;we had one miracle run with a sub-par roster and I'm expected to do it again

Whoa there, friendo. 

As an ex sens fan, I can tell you that roster was anything but sub-par. That roster was very deep and very talented, driven by the unstoppable engine that is a motivated Erik Karlsson, and backstopped by Craig Anderson when Craig Anderson was *on*, and when Craig Anderson is on, he's one of the best goalies in the league. 

The reason the sens suck now is because *they don't have any of those players anymore*, and because Craig is probably too old to be effective, and there looks to be a pretty good chance the sens are going to look even worse after next offseason when Duchene and Stone have a chance to walk as well. 

Consider the roster that went to the finals, with the guys who are no longer here crossed off:

~~Hoffman-Turris~~-Ryan

~~MacArthur-Brassard~~-Stone

Dzingel-Pageau-Pyatt

~~Burrows-Wingels-Neil~~

~~Stalberg-Kelly-~~White

~~Karlsson-Methot~~

~~Phaneuf~~-Ceci

Wideman-~~Claesson~~

Boroweicki

Anderson

Condon

I mean, that's damn near all of the team that went to the finals. That was also the last time we saw a healthy, motivated Bobby Ryan. He's been a ghost ever since. He might as well be crossed off up there. 

When you consider that the Sens could also lose all of Duchene, Stone, Dzingel, Ceci, and Wideman next offseason, as they're all on one year contracts about to hit UFA while playing for a notoriously cheap owner running what is currently a dumpster fire of a franchise, It's almost sort of likely that we could see it turn to this:

~~Hoffman-Turris~~-Ryan

~~MacArthur-Brassard-Stone~~

~~Dzingel~~-Pageau-Pyatt

~~Burrows-Wingels-Neil~~

~~Stalberg-Kelly-~~White

~~Karlsson-Methot~~

~~Phaneuf-Ceci~~

~~Wideman-Claesson~~

Boroweicki

~~Anderson~~

Condon

Note that I crossed out Anderson because I fully expect he would retire before he played for the ashes of the ottawa senators franchise once everyone peels out.

That would mean in two offseasons, the Senators would have moved or lost all but 4 forwards and one defenceman from that game 7 ECF run, leaving Bobby Ryan, JG Pageau, Zack Smith, Tom Pyatt, and Mark Boroweicki as skaters, and Mike Condon in net as the only remaining players. That's an insane amount of turnover, **that is scorched earth**. 

Now, consider that Duchene walks, Gaborik seems unlikely to play, Mikkel Boedker is, as expected, trash who plays out his contract and walks, Dylan Demelo is much the same, and the mediocre prospects San Jose sent over for Karlsson don't pan out, there's a pretty good chance that the senators will have seen all those incredible players walk away or be traded and have nothing left on the NHL roster after 2019-20 for them except Chris Tierney and maybe Josh Norris if they're lucky. OH - and the 1.75 Million they'll still be paying to Dion Phaneuf. They also won't have whatever young star they could have drafted with this coming year's first round pick.

There has never been a worse management team in the NHL than what we're seeing from the Melnyk-Doiron Connection. this is unprecedented. At least the Ballard era leafs could consistently find good talent, even if they refused to hold onto them. 

If this has taught us anything, it's that Bryan Murray was truly an incredible general manager who should be enshrined in the HHOF, because being able to keep this franchise respectable for his entire tenure here with a raging maniac owner and a clearly incompetent staff around him is, frankly, otherwordly.
Dorion's comments and these hypothetical ones.  The only possible outcomes, obviously.
And they are attempting to rebuild this season and do not even have their 1st.  Just asking for failure.
Damn, everyone knows it's awful in Ottawa but seeing it laid out like that... Death from a thousand cuts. I loved that run. It's sad to see the team fall so far in less than two calendar years
Definitely not coming from the outside. From directly within.

Summary:
The Sens rebuild should have started with a new owner and worked it's way down from there.
I think the market would reward a mediocre rebuild team if they weren't so hell bent on trading their star player and Ottawa favourite.
That's a generalization that just isn't true.
It's fine for a team to rebuild, but not only did they trade away their true star player, they got a terrible return for him.
The problem is with ownership and management not being able to identify when the team is getting by on luck.
As an ex sens fan, I can tell you that roster was anything but sub-par.
