Original Response:
Additionally, in hearing people, things like a stroke can effect your ability to communicate ie is there a difference in manifestation of Broca’s or Wernicke’s aphasia. Is this phenomenon even observed in people who speak with sign language?

Follow up: what is the sign language version of muttering under one’s breath? Do sign language users “talk to themselves” with their hands?
Yes to all of these. In hearing people clanging is words that have similar sounds. In sign language it is signs that have similar movements. They also can have word salad where they just sign a bunch of signs that don’t go together such as “dog day person money”. They have no meaning, just random signs. Deaf person’s signing can be “slurred” especially after things like waking up from anesthesia. Wernicke’s and broca’s area are a language center in the brain, not just a spoken language so yes sign language can be affected by those as well. Another phenomenon is that people who are schizophrenic sometimes will not cross one side of their body. For example some signs move from one side of the body to the other and they will make the movement all on one side of their body. They will never cross the midline. If there is a terminology for this, it’s escaped my mind right now.  Deaf people also do have auditory hallucinations (hear voices) as well. This is because auditory hallucinations are from an internal stimuli (in their brain) and not an external stimuli (an actual noise).

Source: am a working sign language interpreter and have a certification in mental health interpreting
So interesting! I figured clanging would still occur, but I was trying to think what that would look like, so thank you for your input. I was assuming it could either be words that look the same on paper that might get signed, but signing words that use similar movements makes much more sense.  

If you could elaborate more on people who are deaf having auditory hallucinations I would love to know more.
wow, that not crossing the midline thing is really interesting. there's an oliver sacks story about a woman who lost the concept of left or right, can't remember which, but it sort of sounds like that.
They experience auditory hallucinations the same way hearing people do. I’ve had patients tell me they are really loud or they have multiple different voices (male, female, adult, child voices). Most of the time, just as with hearing people, they aren’t exactly pleasant. Telling them to hurt people, throw knives, hurt themselves, or just cussing/saying scary things.
&gt;  auditory hallucinations

Would that be tinnitus? For me it's not voices but sounds.
Abnormalities in midline crossing have also been connected to dyslexia (which is a much more complex phenotype than just problems in reading), eg the candidate gene ROBO1, one of the better studied ones.
When you say "slurring", does that equate to a physically looser style of signing or leaving out certain  letters/words? This is endlessly fascinating to me, thanks for sharing!
Are the people who hear voices people who used to be able to hear, so they understand spoken language?  Or do people who were born deaf still interpret auditory hallucinations as language?
[removed]
yes...also occurs in stroke affected patients...they will completely ignore their affected side...to the point of turning their head and looking the opposite way all the time.

..Nurses have to place all items of use i.e.bedside locker, table etc over to the affected side to re-orientate  them.They will use a mirror too to help.

I have also seen a meal been eaten completely in half....definite line...and only half the plate of food actually eaten...like the other side simply doesnt exist.
No, like hearing sounds when you're not actually hearing it. I grew up wearing hearing aids but stopped when I developed tinnitus (ironic that you brought that up) but when I see a police car or ambulance go by me, I almost can hear the sirens but I know it's my brain telling me I should be hearing the sirens as they go by and it's being simulated in my head. 

The same can be true for me when I read lyrics and I almost can "visualize" the sounds, such as the song being sung, in my head and more. 

I have tinnitus whenever I have high blood pressure and it's way different from auditory hallucinations. Tinnitus is like a sound being "repetitive" and drawn out in a monotonous tone, at least for me.
Tinnitus is a particular persistent tone, it's not considered a hallucination.

If you hear sounds like gunshots, whispering, doors opening etc, then you are having auditory hallucinations.
[removed]
Tinnitus is thought to be from nerve damage in the pathway between the ear and brain. Auditory hallucinations have nothing to do with hearing, they are “created” in the brain. They can be voices (speaking words or other vocalizing, like laughter) or sounds. I imagine tinnitus like sounds (ears ringing, high pitched tone, or a shh like sound) would be difficult to diagnose properly.
It is called 'Neglect' and as someone else wrote below, it can happen after a stroke.

https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/brain-babble/201208/hemispatial-neglect-one-sided-world

Dr Lisa Geneva, an American scientist who taught Neuroanatomy at Harvard, wrote a (fiction) book from the perspective of someone with this condition. It's called 'Left Neglected'. She wrote 'Still Alice', too, which was really good and got made into a film (the book was written from the perspective of a professor diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease).

If you're interested, it might be worth taking a look! Hope this helps.
I have experience with deafness. One of the things I've learned about deafness, and that you non-deafies should know, is that there is a disconnect between hearing and comprehending what you hear. For my hearing friends, they may not be aware of the processing time to understand the words being said, because you understand sounds better, and you're just so much more skilled at it, it's almost instantaneous. For all practical purposes, words come out of someone's mouth, and go into your ears as words.

However when listening to speech, deafies on the other hand, have to consciously and constantly interpret sounds to words. Just noise comes from people's mouths, and there is extra processing time as we try extrapolating the meaning of this bit of sound, and matching up every other bit of sound to the shapes their mouth is making. Sometimes it's easier than others. Familiar people we usually understand better.

So one day I'm going down the grand canyon. I get a little ways down, and btw I brought no food or water and it's July. So after a while, probably from the exercise in lots of direct sunlight, plus dehydration, I start hearing things. It was very dim at first, like background noise. But as I continued I finally noticed it, and it sounds like voices. I try to pay attention to these voices but nope I couldn't tell what they were saying at all. Shouldn't you be able to understand voices in your own head? I puzzled on that question the rest of my time in the grand canyon (all day long).
[removed]
I'm deaf and live with a schizophrenic deaf man. He will often sign to himself and if I say anything he thinks I'm reading his mind and becomes violent.
Looser style of signing. Not forming signs all the way, same way we don’t speak words fully when we are slurring. Sometimes the movement can be smaller or bigger. If it’s from something like anesthesia, it’s usually smaller and/or only one handed. If it’s something like being drunk, it may be bigger and more exaggerated. Of course this is variable from person to person, just like hearing people.
[removed]
[removed]
That’s really interesting and I’ve never really thought about it. Yes, voices  can be heard by people who were born Deaf. In fact, all of the people I have worked with that had auditory hallucinations were born Deaf, but that’s not to say it’s always that way. All I know, is they are able to understand that it is a voice and they are able to tell me what the voices are saying to them. The hallucinations are internal but if they have never heard spoken language, I’m not sure how they are able to identify the words being said. Except that most Deaf people have some experiences with speech therapy so they have familiarity with how words are supposed to sound. Ive always thought it must be really scary for a Deaf person to have auditory hallucinations even more so than it would be for a hearing person. Hearing people can hear other sounds as well and a coping skill typically used is other sounds to try and drown out the voices. Deaf people have no way of doing that and the only sounds they can hear (if they are profoundly Deaf), are the voices.
Even if they've been deaf from birth? How would their brain know what "sounds" to make?
thank you, this exactly what i was looking for
[removed]
&gt;Deaf people also do have auditory hallucinations (hear voices) as well. This is because auditory hallucinations are from an internal stimuli (in their brain) and not an external stimuli (an actual noise).

It seems that this is not the case for all deaf people - especially given the fact that if you were born deaf, you never developed the neural connections to experience sound. Anyone who is not fully deaf or had hearing earlier, though, could have true auditory hallucinations. [Here's](https://mosaicscience.com/story/can-deaf-people-hear-voices/) one article I found which is summarizing some research. Relevant excerpt:

&gt; “Deaf people who had never heard did not experience true auditory hallucinations,” says Joanna. For this group, communication came via the mind’s eye: visual hallucinations of moving lips, or disembodied hands and arms making sign language movements.  

I decided to comment to clear this up because some people might get the impression from your comment that people who were born deaf and have never ever heard anything could still hear but only via hallucinations, and this is not the case.
If they're profoundly deaf from birth then no.  OP's comment was not fully clear - auditory hallucinations are only possible in deaf people that have heard before. Lots of deaf people actually just have really, really weak hearing, like how a lot of blind people can still sense some light or shapes. So even if you are deaf from birth, in that your hearing is practically useless, it's possible to still be able to hear really loud noises. You'd have to be 100% deaf from birth to have no chance of audio hallucinations.

Summary:
Deaf people also do have auditory hallucinations (hear voices) as well.
I have experience with deafness.
They experience auditory hallucinations the same way hearing people do.
For me it's not voices but sounds.
Yes, voices  can be heard by people who were born Deaf.
&gt;Deaf people also do have auditory hallucinations (hear voices) as well.
Deaf people have no way of doing that and the only sounds they can hear (if they are profoundly Deaf), are the voices.
Or do people who were born deaf still interpret auditory hallucinations as language?
&gt;  auditory hallucinations

Would that be tinnitus?
In hearing people clanging is words that have similar sounds.
If you could elaborate more on people who are deaf having auditory hallucinations I would love to know more.
