Original Response:
[deleted]
It's GGGs chin that makes him a monster. He walks through shots that would drop most people.
He was far more defensively sound just a couple of years ago.
I disagree, I think his punching power is a far greater quality of his. Dude has 38Ws and 34 of them by KO.

His chin is great, sure, but he also doesn't take clean hits often at all. There was one bomb by Canelo he ate but his boxing defence shows more than his chin. He's very good at anticipating shots and tucking his chin/rolling with the punches to defend and take away some of the power from the shots.
He still is. He does a lot of subtle deflection and rolling with the punches that people don't notice.
Even that punch by Canelo didn't land very clean. There were gifs from different angles that show GGG kinda rolled with it. That's probably why it didn't faze him. He still has granite chin though. There was only one instance(that i know of) in his career where he looked hurt.
Yeah he's good at rolling so punches don't usually land flush and when they do they are absorbed by his iron chin
He was younger a few years ago.
Never been knocked down or out in almost 400 pro/am fights
To be honest, GGG was hurt I think twice on the Canelo fight, but he was still pushing, so it made it look like he wasn't hurt but he was. He did recover quickly. Although being mexican will make this sound that I'm biased so, make your own judgment....
But he was also less aggressive (or at least more selective in his aggression) and more mindful of defense, in my opinion.
I'd like to think I notice those myself. He's still more defensive than people give him credit for, but not as defensive as he was a couple of years ago, in my opinion.
He was fighting lesser opponents. Daniel Jacobs was a tough motherfucker and Canelo you have to take chances and go forward on or else you're just going to lose a decision. You have to fight to win.
[deleted]
oh he takes plenty of clean hits all the time stop it, he's defensively sound and possesses a granite chin and rolls with punches and whatever, but he gets hit clean pleeeeenty of times.
There are a couple, even Vanes caught him with a solid shot that made him back up and look buzzed in his last fight, and that was a mismatch. 

He's got a great chin, but people talk like he's unstoppable, and that's certainly not the case. He may have the best chin of this current generation, but he can be hurt.
&gt;His chin is great, sure, but he also doesn't take clean hits often at all. 

He takes a fair few against anyone with fast hands. Look at the Brook fight. Everyone was all 'hurr durr g walks through him like nothing'. But that's still 160lbs of professional fighter landing flush combinations. There's a clip of one that literally bounced him off his feet.

Golovkin isn't an elusive fighter 

&gt;I think his punching power is a far greater quality of his. Dude has 38Ws and 34 of them by KO.

Honestly this is mainly down to opposition. He has very good power, but he's not stopped anyone top level recently. Even Jacobs, who doesn't have the best chin, and many people swore he'd stop in a few rounds.
Well, wouldn't it make more sense to be more defensively sound against better competition then?
Saw Kell Brook hit him with his best, GGG basically nodded his head and went "okay, anything more?" 

Then proceeded to punch his cunt in.
Golovkin punches like a heavyweight at 160 pounds
[removed]
This is my all-time favorite GGG KO:  https://youtu.be/JUBc4NXCMV0?t=1681
Holy shit thats impressive
He still gets hit clean a ton.
He also has one of the best jabs in boxing and has clever, efficient footwork on offense, and is one of the best ring cutters I have ever seen. He's extremely intelligent
[removed]

Summary:
He still has granite chin though.
He was far more defensively sound just a couple of years ago.
He still gets hit clean a ton.
Even that punch by Canelo didn't land very clean.
Look at the Brook fight.
