Original Response:
[tradeback] 
(Gen 6) I have the following pokemon traded back to me, i have their items already.  i have 5iv abras and gastleys, other pokemon you might need to complete your dexs for trade. I also have 1 spare metal coat, I can also get you farmable items from X or AS if thats what you need
- Slowpoke  
- Electabuzz  
- Magmar  
- Onix  
- Scyther  
- Porygon (upgrade)  
- Karrablast/Shelmet   
- Haunter, Boldore, Phantump, Gurdurr

If anyone has an evolved swirlex, Spritzee, and Porygon Z that would be great so i dont have to keep farming the battle maison
I don't have an evolved Swirlix/Spritzee/PorygonZ but I do have about 1500 BP in Omega Ruby from Pokemon bank if you could trade me the pre-evolutions
can do!
Alright, just purchased the items :) Should I get a second Up-Grade as well? Also, you said you have everything you need for the others so I can just evolve everything for you
i have an upgrade, i just need to make the eggs if you want to keep the swirlix and spritzee
I don't really need them but if you don't want to keep them sure :)
i just need the dex entries for their evolved form, do you want a 5iv gastly or abra? the gastley's nature is modest, i have 3 abras and their natures are Naive Quirky and Serious
I'm fine, I don't do any competitive stuff so you can save them to offer someone else next time  :)
i need the porygon 2 entry as well
When I trade it back to you with the Dubious Disc attached it will register both Porygon2 and Porygon-Z :)
cool, thanks wasn't sure how that was gonna work out
No problem, Gamefreak does make some questionable choices sometimes but in this case they made it work rationally :P
Craaaap my electricity just flickered off for a second and my 3ds won't connect to the internet now... can I try to get back to you with Porygon-Z in about 15-20 minutes?? :( :(
no prob
my ds just got low on power so i'm trying to find my charger anyways haha
Phew! XD Well at least we timed our inconveniences well. I sent Swirlix and Porygon2 to X (sent the dubious disc with a different Pokemon so Porygon2 wouldn't evolve yet) just in case it wouldn't let me back online with OR cuz of the error, so I'll be back online in a sec but my characters name will be Indigo instead of Scarlet

Summary:
i have an upgrade, i just need to make the eggs if you want to keep the swirlix and spritzee.
i need the porygon 2 entry as well.
