Original Response:
You have a huge fucking desert to get solar energy.
Tell that to our government.
OK, can you turn off your power at night time please.
take a worst-case scenario where battery technology wasn't being invested in (it is).  A huge desert for solar energy is still fantastic, because you can use it for power during the day and coal for power at night.

It gets more complicated when you take into account that coal stations are really slow to change their output (yet another disadvantage), but in principal solar energy is still very useful without batteries.
Too bad no one wants to live in those deserts. My understanding is that transporting electricity long distances is not possible.
#You underestimate the efficiency of battery-pack wearing emus.  
  
But yeah, our coastal regions are hot enough, the red centre is effectively a continental furnace.
Yeah man it really wears out the truck's tyres.
If we put solar panels in all the sunny spots in Australia, sunrise on the east coast could send power to WA and while the sun is setting in the East coast, the sun is still quite high in the West. 

Add in the wind power (which the majority of which blows at night) and you have renewables most of the time. 

Add in a little storage and gas peaker plants for the 0.1% of the time renewables can't keep up and you get to keep your power at night.
It's perfectly possible, but not really worth doing.
&gt; My understanding is that transporting electricity long distances is not possible.  

Not true at all. This gets repeated on reddit constantly but it's bullshit. There is an interstate link between Adelaide and Melbourne. That's ~ 700km. There's lines all down the 2000km of Queensland's coast. Olympic Dam, which is in the middle of the desert in SA, gets its power from the grid via a transmission line.  

Yes, you lose power the longer you transmit. Maybe this would make a marginally profitable project unprofitable. But there is plenty of arid/desert environments within vicinity existing of high voltage transmission lines.
"meh" - Humanity
Can't we just step up the voltage as high as we want before it hits the transmission lines (to keep amperage super low) or is there a limit?
Transmitting power across the entire width of the continent might be a problem.
There are some problems with high voltage: interference, high voltage means big arcing=makes for spectacular switching fun and games (check out YouTube for some pretty scary switching arcs). So it's not only a case of fighting the losses by cranking it up. 

Also: the lines need to be insulated and the electronics to do the stepping back down get pretty massive. And transformers aren't perfect, so you lose energy there too. And they get noisy too.
Why? There are viable plans to export solar from the pilbara to Indonesia. SA to WA should be a piece of cake, relatively speaking.
Oh, export as in battery packs? That might be better.  
Also, SA? I thought you meant from, like, Brisbane to Perth (3600km)
It's not like you need to go to the desert to get enough sunlight for power...
Not batteries. They are going to build a transmission line to Indonesia from the Pilbara.

Yeah, SA to WA. There is already an interconnector to SA with another being planned.

Edit: I should clarify the existing interconnector I mentioned goes to Vic, the planned one goes to NSW.
Awesome.  
If it's from the south coast to WA, I can see that happening.
No, but it sure does lack a lot of shade that would stop solar cells from working properly.  
And central Australia is flat as a pancake.  
What _would_ be a great idea for Sydney at least is making a solar farm just west of the Blue Mountains on the east coast - accessible power for the entire Sydney Basin.
That's nice but solar energy is derived from the sun and not a fucking desert. Also we have 10 fucking deserts, 11 fucking deserts if you include Australian Antarctic Territory.

Summary:
You have a huge fucking desert to get solar energy.
It's not like you need to go to the desert to get enough sunlight for power...
That's nice but solar energy is derived from the sun and not a fucking desert.
And they get noisy too.
There are viable plans to export solar from the pilbara to Indonesia.
