Original Response:
What's the problem? The right is just as toxic as liberals these days. At least the left doesnt pretend everyone they dont like is a satanic pedophile who eats babies. The whole political atmosphere is toxic though.
[removed]
Yeah I'm super emotional right now. As I said, the entire political atmosphere is toxic as fuck these days. You're just scared of liberals because you're on the opposite team.
And the left pretend they are something other than a man or woman. 

Some could say that's way worse.
Nobody is scared of purple haired edgelords.

What are you talking about?
[removed]
Eh. I dont really give a shit about what people want to do with their lives. Not sure why other people care so much.
How?  Does that effect you in some way?
You dont care????

Then what inspired you to make this comment?

&gt;At least the left doesnt pretend everyone they dont like is a satanic pedophile who eats babies.

Seems like you dont care only when they vote Democrat. Maybe thats why people care? The hypocrisy...
Potentially. Obviously a mental issue going on there, everyone is at risk in that case.

Or more so one of these freaks in a bathroom with my child.
Do you also say gay people shouldn't use a bathroom then?  Maybe they want your child.   Or statistically speaking...you want your child (or some family member).

But I'm curious, what do you think their "mental issue" will do to you?  Do you think accusing everyone that disagrees with you of being a pedophile (referencing the original comment) is more impactful to a person's life?
I also don't care if people want to think all the politicians they dont like eat babies. I think it's funny actually. Earlier I was talking about how its toxic on both sides. That's why I brought up that point.
Did I strike a nerve because I elect to remain intolerant to liberal social agendas?

I can double down here.

I never said anything about the gays... They seem to know their place in society. Hence the whole 'closet' thing. 

We are still working on the gender fluid morons. Its a WIP and its coming along nicely. I guess? 

Just for instance, ever heard of some dude that got his dick chopped off, voice regret? Me neither. Sounds plausible tho, I'm sure they are all 100% happy with that decision.

First let me laugh at you for putting mental illness in quotes considering the context of sex changes. As if gential mutilation is perfectly normal in a sane state of mind. LMFAO

Idk what do you think a mental illness could do to someone? The possibilities are pretty much endless, IMO
You seem to have a strong preference for one side, while trying to appear apolitical. 

Pretty dishonest, if you ask me.
You sure seem to think about this subject a lot.  Personally, I just worry about me and my own.  If gays want to be gay it's no skin off my back.  If guys want to be girls or vice versa, what do I care?  I am more worried about priests in the bathroom with my kids than some transexual.  I haven't met many, but the few I have met seemed normal to me.  Certainly less offensive to me than the average drunk college kid I see out at night.
Oh I definitely do. I can still point out that both the right and the left are obnoxious these days. It's just a bunch of people sharing dumb memes about how dumb the other side is. Politics is a WWE match these days. It's annoying as hell. But I'm not gonna see a post like this and not point out that the right is just as bad as the left right now. There is no decency on either side.
[removed]
While I do tend to agree, I had obviously mistakenly took your comment as support solely for Democrats. 

I am in a similar position, every citizen should exercise the activity of calling out bullshit on every side.
Removed. Rule 4.
Personally, I'm way more concerned about someone like you who cares so much about what someone else does in private than I am about them.  I would say that unhealthy obsesion with other people's sexual life style is more of a concern than a girl that wants to be a dude.
Rule 4.
So as I rightfully surmised, you are a hypocrite that tries to appear apolitical. Cool.

My concern is we are normalizing genital mutilation and pretending, its not a mental issue.  That there is a pretty simple concept, i think.

For christ sake, we lauded a former man for having the balls to get them chopped off, so much they threw it on a cover of a magazine. 

It all reeks of liberal social engineering, and as a non moron its my duty to say, "This shit aint fucking right"

I could truly care a less if someone actually wants to flip their vagina inside out or lop off their penis. Actually do it, so we have record of so and so being unstable. 

But ill reserve my first amendment right to call anybody getting a sex change an (((ABSOLUTE))) fucking lunatic.
No, I'm liberal as shit, but I also try to base that on fact, not fear.  ESPN doing stupid shit to try and pander to stupid people doesn't mean you should hate people more.

And if people are going for personal genital mutilation, you can do that at home, no reason to go through hormone treatment and possibly ostracizing yourself from everyone you know.  That seems overkill.  I think it's a lot more than something as simple as you want to portray it.
Who said I was scared? Dont do your liberal shit and put words in my mouth.

I don't watch sports, it's mindless entertainment. I dont typically watch TV, again.

I hate people for their innate stupidity. 

I agree its overkill, grow the fuck up and deal with the problems. 

Getting a sex change isnt going to fix someone's fucking mental deficit or issue lol. 

&gt;And if people are going for personal genital mutilation, you can do that at home, no reason to go through hormone treatment and possibly ostracizing yourself from everyone you know. 

Well they certainly arent a woman trapped in a mans body or vice versa, that's for god damn sure. So I can only truly see it as genital mutilation for attention, that is a mental health issue. 

More importantly, im not sure whats being said here, but I'm certainly not advocating complex medical procedures to be performed ***at home***. Sounds rather unsafe.
The right isn’t trying to ban or censor anyone
&gt; The right isn’t trying to ban or censor anyone

Said earnestly on the CONSPIRACY sub, 2018. How are we all still so brainwashed?
because of people like you
[removed]
[removed]
Cool thanks
? I said positive things about van jones on there just a few days ago and got mad upvotes.
Rule 4.
...and you're banned.
Rule 4. And you're banned.

Summary:
because of people like you.
Personally, I just worry about me and my own.
The right is just as toxic as liberals these days.
Maybe thats why people care?
I think it's funny actually.
I can double down here.
I can still point out that both the right and the left are obnoxious these days.
That's why I brought up that point.
Who said I was scared?
Not sure why other people care so much.
But I'm curious, what do you think their "mental issue" will do to you?
