Original Response:
I bought a voopoo panda yesterday... i like it so far, but during charging for the first time it got quite hot, and the light blinks for about two seconds when i push the fire button and will not vape. short circuit? after only a day?
yeah,  i'd be real careful with that,  and if you can return it.  Voopoo themselves have been distancing themselves from the unit,  and I know at least 2 people on here that have experienced dangerous scenarios in charging them,  in which the melted or started on fire or whatnot....   

be careful,  and don't charge unattended if you continue use.
I'd advise not charging it at all; that's exactly what killed mine.
yeah,  lol... use it once and toss it right?  

damn,  even the issues with you GETTING it were a problem waltk918 my new friend,    mighta been better if you hadn't!  

but hey,  i guess that's kinda how we met,  so all good...
Nah, I'm glad I got it. If nothing else I can fully advise people to avoid a true lemon. 

I came in before the Exo-Skeleton, but with the popularity that Voopoo has rightfully gained, this is something important to address. Because this will be a popular kit just because of their box mods.

Every company is subject to QC issues. I started with an Alien that still works perfectly. I'm working on a review for a Smok mod that I've had for almost three weeks, and I can't find a *major* problem with it yet. 

Even the included coils are great, it's definitely a step in the right direction.
I agree with you walt,  every product regardless of manufacturer should be looked at almost in a vacuum.  Sure,  certain "fails" in the past may point you where to look for issues,  but damn,  one of my biggest wishes in all this is that Smok makes GOOD/GREAT stuff,  as we all know they are probably 75% plus of the market.  We don't people to have a crap experience.   I want them to get it right.  Great to hear.
I'm on almost 100ml of the included coil. The only hangup on my review is that I haven't killed the pre-installed coil. 

It's not Mesh Pro great, and I don't have any stupid sweet liquid to try to kill it.
&gt; The only hangup on my review is that I haven't killed the pre-installed coil.

Lol,  that is fantastic to hear.  Perhaps "maybe" they are righting the ship,  and again,  honestly,  that would be the best thing for EVERYONE here...  smok hate can run deep,   but most of the shit tossed on this proclivity is people's poor experience with a failed product,   and we don't want that.  We don't root for them to fail.... and prove us "right" in being hard on them.... best thing ever is if they make great products,  and it seems like with something from the Novo to whatever you are testing now... I'm happy to hear it.
Shit, I wish I could find a pod that I could run more than 30ml through a coil. This is very much a DL coil, and the tank is something I could never recommend for what might seem a petty issue. 

For someone who has more everythings than I know what to do with, it's a very serious thing. 

Really though, it's a pretty nice piece of kit that I'll likely giveaway. My quibbles are the epitome of petty. I'm pleasntly surprised!
&gt;  My quibbles are the epitome of petty. I'm pleasntly surprised!

THAT sounds like a good product !  awesome...   I know you have your DNA's etc and probably many backups to backups,  but it's good to hear,  as it means LESS shitclogging of the sub with a GOOD Smok product... ;)
It's become my go to at home. Partly because I'm expected to review it, but the fact that it's genuinely nice is a major factor.

That's all the spoilers I can give you. Expect a review by the middle of next week.
Also, just one DNA, and my new YIHI. I've become quite partial to temperature control, and that's the only thing I haven't tested yet.
well given Smok,  not expecting anything worthwhile in that regard,  but would be VERY pleasantly surprised to learn different.
I've got some wild TCR wires that AV sent me, so I'll reserve judgement. 

It's intentionally the last thing I'm going to test, because as a TC vaper it's a really tough thing to get right. 

Which makes the Battlestar that much more impressive, because it's TC is legitimately good.
yeah,  the battlestar was one of the first "affordable" mods to give a good tc experience and was overlooked for a long time until anthony pointed it out over the Aliens and whatnot...  and it became a "thing" here for a long time....Solid mod....
I can directly credit the Reddit circlejerk for the reason I have a Battlestar. I don't know that I'd even commented here when I bought it.
yeah,  it was definitely circle jerked,   but i don't think for a bad reason or hype train.... it was just a solid little ass beater....that did what it said it did better then we thought it would and is pretty resilient....
Other than the cut off voltage, it's pretty much the perfect two battery mod IMO.
yup,  that cutoff burns me too.... and since it's not firmware updatable..... I wish Smoant (china) would get off their high horse on that,  i know they did with the Cylon etc,  but never brought it to the Charon as they kinda promised they would etc.... They DO need to learn that.
Relatively speaking, it's before my time. I remember when the cylon came out it was a big deal whether you'd actually be able to upgrade it. 

Luckily, I had a Battlestar. It needed no tweaking* and just worked everytime. I felt very lucky to get one at a B&amp;M for less than sixty dollars with tax.

*Except for the cut off.
yeah,  just carry extra batteries when going out for extended period and all good... but that cutoff did and does still chafe my ass lol....
I'm running around now with my SL class now (shout out to u/VaporDNA) with the galaxies RTA, and it's tough not to take an extra battery with me. I know I don't *need* one, but old habits die hard.
yeah,  with the galaxies, you could go 2 weeks with that...
I wish, it's a solid day and a half with a 5 leg iJoy. I'm looking at the LG M50 though. 10A with a 5000mah capacity is super sexy. 

EDIT: For MTL

Summary:
I want them to get it right.
Luckily, I had a Battlestar.
The only hangup on my review is that I haven't killed the pre-installed coil.
&gt; The only hangup on my review is that I haven't killed the pre-installed coil.
That's all the spoilers I can give you.
THAT sounds like a good product !
yeah,  lol... use it once and toss it right?
