Original Response:
I love you Southwest! Free baggage.
You can get free bags on AA or United just by getting their mileage credit card
So you have to open a credit card just get free bags. Southwest you get free checked bags with no credit check needed.
Yea but what I've noticed is sometimes southwest is way more expensive than United, so where do you think that money goes
Many people have credit cards, and some people like the mileage rewards.  I get free checked bags on AA because I fly more than 25,000 miles a year, but I never check a bag because who has time to wait for them?

Also some people like to leave the United States which makes Southwest useless.
Note: After the first promo year, $100/yr for AA, $95/yr for United. Little baggage savings for the average infrequent traveler.
You just call and they waive it, regardless it’s a good deal for the miles.
Or you need five connections to get across the united states and it takes 17 hours
Agree good promo miles offer and worth trying for the waiver. YMMV though, I've never had an airlines credit card waive their annual fee, albeit I also never used the cards a lot.
Seriously you're posting Southwest takes 5 connections to go across the US??? And seems like you're downvoting everyone unhappy with luggage fees. Either you're a jerk or an airline employee.
Srsly.
I have enough travel to get status but I still have the card for the mileage rewards. I don’t use it a ton, just travel business expenses but every year I call to cancel if they don’t waive the fee and they always waive it.
Depends entirely on where you’re going. It can take forever on United too if you start in a small market.
Oh, I think I know this one. Not getting dragged off a plane?
I’m gonna guess a united employee. Is active on the Chicago sub and talks shit about other airlines in previous posts.
It goes to things I expect from an airline, such as checked bags and carry ons. United has started charging for carry ons if you don’t get the right ticket. How ridiculous. I will always support the company that didn’t nickel and dime me while claiming to be a better deal. With southwest I know what I’m getting.

Summary:
With southwest I know what I’m getting.
So you have to open a credit card just get free bags.
Southwest you get free checked bags with no credit check needed.
