Original Response:
ellen page has really gone downhill huh
How is this going downhill?
I don't know about going downhill, but I was wondering when she turned into Jeanine Garofolo
[deleted]
It isn't. Just saying she has in general.
You still havent explained how she has gone downhill
She has a 15 million dollar networth, and is essentially doing whatever the fuck she wants, so you must be pretty balling/accomplished if she's not hitting your standards of success.
What does having money have to do with going downhill?

Surely you don't believe your own logic. There are plenty of rich successful people who have gone downhill. They're still rich as fuck, it doesn't mean they haven't gone downhill.

What a stupid thing to say
you didn't ask that, you asked how the contents of this gif means she's gone downhill.
[deleted]
You're commening on a gif where she's interviewing a political candidate for leadership of a major state, making arguments on behalf of gay rights. Your definition of "going down hill" is what, that she's not in every teen movie anymore? My point is that she has more than enough money, and is using her position and wealth to pursue whatever she fucking wants. Who is the stupid one here again? Because you must be doing something pretty awesome to talk down on this very successful young woman.
More like Jeanine’s edgier, more militant sister.
Whiteknighting for ellen page lmao
You still haven't explained how she's gone downhill.
Aight, you aren't worth talking to you.
And you still haven't explained
I answered your question in one sentence with 2 words lol.
How has she gone downhill? you still fail to explain.
There you go, you learned how to properly ask a question. Well done.

She's turned into an insane overly offended idiot who looks for fights in everything. Displayed quite nicely here through her words and her very stylish generic hipster outfit.
But you just said this doesnt show how she has gone downhill. And then you specifically go out of your way to say that this shows how. Even though all she did was ask questions and you are complaining about how she dresses? You really aren't worth talking to. I really hope you learn to be introspective and see how fickle and whiney you are.
His response should have answered your question.
Alright so you dont like the way she looks and her opinions. Perfect, now we all know why you think shes gone downhill.
&gt;you specifically go out of your way to say that this shows how

No? I went out of my way to say that you can see aspects of it here. You were trying to bait something like "she's gone downhill because she's gay and standing up for gay rights" or some shit.

&gt; see how fickle and whiney you are.

Ironic considering the number of replies you keep leaving whining for an answer to your questions. It's 100x easier to just not respond. 

Noticed you downvoted my comment immediately after I posted it lmao. So my edits wont get seen. You just sitting there hitting f5 over and over?
that's what I thought lmao.
[deleted]
She used to be pretty. She still is, but she used to be too.
Love it when real men shut down liberal sjw and their bullshit
You do realize she was asking about something he'd actually said in the past, right?
is this... a joke?
He's a Trump supporter. He literally thinks gays are subhumans that should be executed.
Real men flirt with children and brag about sexual assault, right?
So wanting to beat gay people is ok in your book?
FYI: She's 31 years old. Not exactly a child.
You are such a real man oh my god wow
\&gt; using the word sjw unironically  


that's gonna get u far in life, son
I think he’s referring to Trump.
Trump flirts with children? That's new to me. Can't say I'm surprised, though.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/video/2016/oct/13/trump-makes-inappropriate-remarks-about-10-year-old-girl-video
He's a Trump supporter. Do you even have to ask?
It's good to know where people stand.
I think they’re referring to the fact that he used to hangout in the dressing rooms of fashion shows. The women claimed that he flirted with a lot of them, and some of the girls he would hit on were underage.
No he doesnt. Hes a troll and youre falling for the bait. Quit following the dude around and get a fucking life.
I didn't follow him around. I clicked on his profile.

He's not a troll. This is actually what Trump supporters think and act like.
Dude, you've been baited. Get off the bullshit propaganda machine. "Trump supporters believe gay people should be beaten to death" You're an idiot.
Trump supporters are actually that violent, hateful and stupid.
Yep, all of them. As in almost half of America. So smart. Not at all falling for overly leftist propaganda.
Most of them are just mentally ill, and many of them are pedophiles or racists who love seeing one of their own in office.
Oh shit, you're the troll. Fuck I fell for it. "many supporters of a man I dislike are pedophiles" you went past the point of believably on that one. Nobody is that stupid, except maybe me for biting.
Yes. Many of them are pedophiles. Pedophiles love it when one of their own is in office.
Haha not biting dude. Obviously many supporters of every single thing on earth are pedophiles. Not biting, or responding again.
Real men don't need to insult other people to prove they are superior. 

Also,  SJW?  Really?  How many braincells do you have?  0.5?
What is this? Why is Ellen Page interviewing a Brazilian presidential candidate?
She did a series on being gay in different countries, can't remember the name but it was an interesting watch.

(Maybe gaycation?)
It was a documentary about homosexuality in Brazil. I wouldn't recommend it personally. Ellen Page is not a good interviewer.
it's from her vice series about LGBT issues, they did an episode focusing on brazil
It is Gaycation! With Ian Daniel on Viceland I believe.
So is she like a professional gay now or something?
I believe the term is “Gay for Pay”

Unless I totally misunderstood that gentleman at the highway rest stop
That is where Vice will usually get you.
I didn't even know she was gay
Stephen fry did the same thing. 
Stephen Fry: out there.
Not to be confused with Gay for the Stay in prisons.

Summary:
You still haven't explained how she's gone downhill.
How has she gone downhill?
She still is, but she used to be too.
You still havent explained how she has gone downhill.
How is this going downhill?
She used to be pretty.
I didn't even know she was gay.
Perfect, now we all know why you think shes gone downhill.
Many of them are pedophiles.
What does having money have to do with going downhill?
ellen page has really gone downhill huh.
Fuck I fell for it.
