Original Response:
I will like to have a civil discussion with both women and men of SG to see what are your thoughts.

I find the law in Singapore to be quite biased and unfair to men. Furthmore, men are required to enlist for 2 years and continue to be a reservist which definitely affects their career etc.

Please comment and let's have a civil discussion!

Edit: I didn't think that there will be so many comments and discussions on this! It is quite hard for me to discuss with everyone! This is really eye-opening and I think I really get to see a point of view that most people do not see in their daily lives!
I like to see this as a two-perspective issue: perception vs treatment.

Women are *perceived* to be weaker, therefore they are *treated* better by the law. 

Men are *perceived* to be stronger, therefore the law *treats* them worse.

So things like NS are men-only because women are perceived as too weak to handle it. Depending on how you look at it, you can see this as discrimination against either gender.
&gt; Depending on how you look at it, you can see this as discrimination against either gender.

I don't believe this to be an all-encompassing statement, but hmmm... this is a very interesting way to look at it.
&gt;So things like NS are men-only because women are perceived as too weak to handle it. 

Hardly true. Women are allowed to serve in the army if they wish to.
Well, yeah. But I believe that the more controversial and relevant part about NS, which is the fact that only men are legally required to undergo it, is the thing under discussion here. I'd have thought that was obvious given the nature of this post and the other comments.
I'm not disputing the controversy of NS, I'm disputing your statement that the discrimination is two ways.

For it to be a two way discrimination, men would be forced to serve, but women are seen as too weak to serve and cannot join the army even if they wanted to.

In this case, the discrimination is solely one way. Men are perceived to be stronger, and thus are forced to serve NS. However some women are also perceived to be as strong, and are therefore also allowed to serve in the army if they wish to. Where's the discrimination against women?
&gt; Men are perceived to be stronger

"Stronger" is a comparative. For one group to be seen as stronger, the other would have to be less strong, i.e. weaker. There you go, there's your discrimination. You even admit it yourself:

&gt; *Some* women are perceived to be as strong

Only "some". Yet *all* men are perceived to be strong enough. The women who are seen as strong enough to join up are the exceptions, not the rule; the vast majority are still "too weak". For us to be able to say that there isn't discrimination/minimal discrimination, women as a whole should be perceived and treated the same as men as a whole.

Using the fact that there are some women who are perceived to be as strong as men as evidence that there isn't discrimination is like saying that just because America has had an African-American president, racism there no longer exists.
So how does that discriminate against women? They are given the choice to join the army or not join the army. Are they being denied anything? What opportunities are they being denied?

Why should women even be treated as the same as men? It is a biological fact that women are physically weaker than men. To deny that is simply being delusional of reality. Isn't the fact that women are given equal opportunities to serve in the army good enough?

If anything, men are still the ones being discriminated against. All men are expected to be strong and have to serve and have no choice in the matter.
You're not getting my point of perception vs treatment.

I totally agree that men are discriminated against. They're treated worse. From another point of view, for the exact same reason, women are discriminated against. They're perceived to be worse. The latter doesn't have much to do with laws and regulations; rather, it's about mindsets that are ingrained in society and have psychological effects, not physical ones.

For equality, it should be compulsory for both men and women to serve NS (or neither, but I err on the side that our defence would be a mess without NS, which is a separate argument). Taking into account the biological fact that women are weaker, perhaps women can serve in less physically strenuous vocations? Equity, then, not equality.
Yes I'm still not getting your point.

Can you provide high profile cases of where NS has caused an entity to wrongly assume that a woman is weaker, leading to that entity discriminating against that woman and denying her an opportunity that she was capable of handling?
Okay, let me try to rephrase my point in this thread: 

How you treat someone is based on how you perceive them, whether that perception has a factual basis or not. If you perceive someone to be weak, you would treat them better to protect them or because you think they can't handle something. So men are treated worse (regarding NS requirements) because they are perceived to be stronger. Women are treated better (no compulsory NS) because they are perceived to be weaker.

When it comes to NS, I'm only considering the fact that it's compulsory for men only. The reason why it isn't compulsory for women too is because women are seen as too weak to handle the training. Maybe they are biologically, but they could be posted to less physically strenuous vocations instead. Of course it is acknowledged that some women are strong enough, hence the voluntary enlistment, but 'some' does not equal 'all'.

NS itself isn't discriminatory towards women; it's the mindset behind it that is.
I'm still not seeing any actual problem.

What's the actual harm to women that's caused by this mindset? Are they being denied any opportunities? What actual problem does this cause to women? All I can see are benefits to this and no disadvantages.
I'm not sure if there's any actual harm done, but well, it's the principle of it.

The tangible harm is to the men; I'm just pointing out another way of looking at the problem of inequality in NS conscription.
Not OP, but

There's no real problem per se, it's just that the view of women being "weaker" is itself the discrimination. Imagine a beggar and a regular working person. Here comes the billionaire walking down the street who sees the two people. He laughs, and throws half a million at the beggar. The regular working person gets nothing.

Whether you see it as the beggar benefiting because he suddenly became half a million dollars richer or that the regular working person not benefitting as he did not get anything does not matter. It's the fact that the billionaire threw the half million at the beggar. Depending on who you ask, that act can be seen as an insult to the beggar.
[deleted]
I think it's pointless to continue debating something that you are unable to provide any proof of.
Why do you presume that just because someone sees women as weaker, it means that they are looking down and mocking them?

Your analogy is terrible because it has no similarities to NS. Again, women have the choice to join the army. Men don't.
I don't even think that we're debating the same thing.
I don't. 

I'm just trying to explain the thought process. If the definition of discrimination is that one treats someone else differently not due to skills or something related, then treating women differently because they are weaker is by definition the discrimination. Nobody (iirc, this thing was yesterday) in this thread claimed that they were oppressed. It's just another way of thinking about it. Whether it fits the day-to-day "feel" for what definition means is another issue.

Summary:
So how does that discriminate against women?
Women are treated better (no compulsory NS) because they are perceived to be weaker.
Why should women even be treated as the same as men?
It is a biological fact that women are physically weaker than men.
Women are *perceived* to be weaker, therefore they are *treated* better by the law.
Men are *perceived* to be stronger, therefore the law *treats* them worse.
Where's the discrimination against women?
So things like NS are men-only because women are perceived as too weak to handle it.
If anything, men are still the ones being discriminated against.
