Original Response:
So, already figured out how to refill them. But, the question is, what fluid should I be putting in there? I tried some of my VG that i use for my SMOK with a TFV8 (3mg) and it pretty much sucks. Any suggestions?
If you have a mod, why are you refilling a blu
If they're anything like the rest of us that use a pod system in addition to a mod probably ease and portability. It's a lot easier to toss a pod system in your pocket.
I was more questioning the use of the blu
Blu starter kits can be had for $1 when they go on sale.
Practically everybody owns one seeing as how they were pumping them out for $1 for months and they're available everywhere. Blu or not you can't beat a somewhat decent pod system for $1.
Just picked up a myBlu for shits and giggles..
It actually works well. And their gold leaf flavored pods are pretty decent too.
Gold Leaf was the first tobacco flavor I tried. If I hadn't bought a myblu and tried the pod that came with it I would have never discovered that I like tobacco flavors. I would still be avoiding them rather than embracing them as I am now.
My only experience with tobacco flavors was a coffee/tobacco blend..
It was putrid. But I'm digging the gold leaf.
That was a good time. I've probably bought 10 since they were on sale. Lost most of them tubing though. But for a dollar is say they more than served their purpose.
Try Big Tobacco by Conspiracy Clouds, best tobacco flavor I've ever tried, I think it won best tobacco flavor at a big event last year too. Little rough on coils but not as bad as one would expect.

Another good one is Royalty 2 by Vapetasia. That's a coil killer, but worth it if you're willing to rewick daily.
Thanks for the suggestions. I'll have to give them a try the next juice order. I have VGOD's Cubano Silver, Indigo's Tycoon, and Hometown Hero's Witch Doctor on the way right now. I'm currently puffing Baton's Southern Leaf. After nearly a year of avoiding tobacco after switching to vaping, now I can't get enough.

Summary:
Gold Leaf was the first tobacco flavor I tried.
I was more questioning the use of the blu.
And their gold leaf flavored pods are pretty decent too.
