Original Response:
I am a pure flavor chaser vaper and I've been vaping with my Augvape Merlin RTA (OG, not the mini) with the restrictor in for 2 years now, and am just ready for a change.  This morning, I just did a deep clean on all the parts of my Merlin, swapped out the glass and all the o-rings, and when I put it together, realized it just wasn't doing it for me anymore so to speak.  I mean as great as it's been, after this long and in a year where single coil MTL RTAs have become "popular" again, surely something better has come along.  I figured its time I stop struggling in silence and ask for some help.

In the past couple years, I've tried a few tanks that were supposed to top the Merlin in flavor, like the Siren v2 (22 and 24) and the Kylin Mini.  They've failed to impress. I've been ramping up my research recently on here and elsewhere and haven't been able to find a new tank I'm confident enough in to pull the trigger on.  Some of the ones I've been eyeing are: Hastur / Hastur Mini, Doggystyle, Berserker, Kayfun Prime (clone)., all of which don't check off all my boxes and/or get mixed reviews when it comes to flavor.

- Usual build: ~0.5ohm Clapton with premium pima cotton (@ ~20W)
- Must haves: FLAVOR, tank (&gt;2ml), MTL, single coil, rebuildable (preferably with room for builds larger than thin gauge microcoils)
- Don't care about: aesthetics, clouds, ease of wicking

So, is there a tank I haven't mentioned that I should look into?  Is one I mentioned the answer?  Have I gotten so complacent in my 6 years of vaping and 2 years of using the Merlin that I could be doing something different with my build/wick?  Or do I truly still have the best for what I'm looking for?

Thanks for any help!
I  keep a full updated list [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1c4MZ2xYBE-1-0A6rLYY46OHtzHCM-roJINpxghmhzXM/edit?usp=sharing)

also did my best of 2018 so far [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/8vjokk/anthony_vapes_best_products_of_2018_so_far/?st=jj4uudwa&amp;sh=eb25f6a8)

best of 2017 [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/7pbq1y/anthony_vapes_best_of_2017/?st=jc8c8oq0&amp;sh=c678f7e2)

List of reviews [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/wiki/anthony_vapes_reviews)

feel free to AMA before you buy

for around 20 watts it'd say the galaxies, savour, hastur, or hastur mini would be the way to go
&gt; for around 20 watts it'd say the galaxies, savour, hastur, or hastur mini would be the way to go

I'm gonna second this,  and I've tried all but the Savour (and only the Hastur MTL mini and Galaxies RDA),  but they are great at around 20w's and I have been enjoying the hell out of them.
glad to hear you are enjoying them :)
gotta check out the Savour one of these days,  but the Hastur has been so good... i know it's not your style,  but you tend to use or test or one of your friends is an mtl/restricted DTL guy,   you liked the Galaxies RTA iirc... just a little tighter airflow.... now the rdta.... but man,  yeah,  as we always say,  after market adjustment of the wattage wars,  still so glad that there are options all over the map,  and fuck,   with great tanks like the mesh pro and stuff out there now,  peeps don't really really need to learn to build to get rda flavor... imagine,  technology and growth...   :)
yeah not my style at all but i've used more then enough to thankfully tell the good form the bad. Just need to curb expectations flavorwise
yeah,  and they might work better for me in that area with some of my predilection for "earthier" flavors,  whether it be the whisky/coffee/vanilla stuff or some of the Charlie Noble ry4 pistachio line etc.... not the best for strawberry per say for sure...     But yeah,  christ,  last year at this time i think the only real low wattage prebuilt new stuff you were looking at was like the Vapefly Nicholas etc...
It'd be silly of me to ask this question without first going through all your reviews, which I have (one of your mod reviews recently convinced me to move on from my Cylon and go to the Charon Mini, so thanks!).  But I still couldn't make up mind.

While I have you though, I probably should take advantage of all your knowledge on the topic:

- Most people talk about the Hastur mini, rather than the Hastur.  The mini's tank size and lack of a bubble tank option (that I know) is a turn off for me. You even mentioned the Hastur mini has more changes than just simple smaller version of the Hastur.  So is the OG worth it, or is the flavor and experience on the mini superior?

- I don't believe I've seen a review of yours on the Merlin RTA (though it came out before you started your in depth series of reviews I believe).  If you've tried it before, where does it land in terms of flavor compared with the ones you recommended?

Thanks for the reply and thanks for being such a huge source of knowledge on this sub!
yeah prebuilt MTL tanks still are kinda slim. there is the zenith which is great but outside of that noting really. you'd have to go back to the old aspire ones. prebuilt MTL tanks were replaced by AIOs and Pods pretty much. the notchcore can MTL a little if you like it loose and the berserker one is ncie too but not sure if it comes seperate. I think it only comes in the kit with the battery stick. MTL RTAs though are coming out like crazy. has been like 4-5 good ones this year alone.
yeah,  i don't think you can get the Berserker separate.. not that I have seen,  and that just gets what,  a straight 12w of the battery in the kit right? ( i think...)..  and are smaller... but fine...   and yeah,  now you have the Zenith,  (good luck finding Nicholas but takes different coils right?),  or going back.....   but MTL rda's and rta's are coming down the pike fast and furious these days,  and I like em'.. so all good for me! :)
&gt;Most people talk about the Hastur mini, rather than the Hastur. The mini's tank size and lack of a bubble tank option (that I know) is a turn off for me. You even mentioned the Hastur mini has more changes than just simple smaller version of the Hastur. So is the OG worth it, or is the flavor superior?

flavorwise it's pretty similar. It's MTL low watt so it's kinda an is what it is type deal. It's not going to be the flavor i'm used to personally but more then acceptable to people who like MTL vaping. You just have to remember while MTL vaping has many advantages over DTL, flavor isn't one of them. If flavor is the biggest concern then DTL is the way to go. If it's not then MTL has tons of advantages (low juice consumption, smaller set ups, better battery life, less clouds etc) Both hasturs are good but the OG one has a lot more air options and a bigger capacity. the mini is more of a less options, smaller more simple one. the galaxies MTL RTA is kind of a mix of the 2. tons of air options, smaller then the OG but slightly bigger then the mini but comes with a bubble glass for a big capacity. that may be the way to go for you

&gt;I don't believe I've seen a review of yours on the Merlin RTA (though it came out before you started your in depth series of reviews I believe). If you've tried it before, where does it land in terms of flavor compared with the ones you recommended?

yeah that was before my reviews. Also not my style of vape either so back then i didn't have the variety i have now because it wasn't going to come close flavorwise to the stuff i was vaping. It's ahrd to compare that to the newer stuff as i never had the merlin RTA. i skipped it becuase again not my style and i knew it couldn't compare to what i was vaping on already.

Also thanks for the kind words. much appreciated!
the battery is cool actually it has 2 options. 3.3V fixed output or direct output. It's well worth it as a starter kit IMO for MTL. much better then say the ego AIO eco for example or the orca solo. and yeah tons of MTL RDAs as well coming. the ammit and galaxies were both awesome. I have 2 more a galaxies MTL RDTA and the 1928 RDA
that's right,  i forgot about the direct output.... (mine did NOT come with a manual i believe and learned that from your review)....i know it's gonna be awhile,  (with your damn queue),  but lemme know what you think about the Galaxies RDTA over the RTA,  as I will probably pick one of those up etc depending on which your lean towards...)... and the 1928 I saw just announced recently!
It really sounds like from your suggestions and from the rest of the comments, Vapefly Galaxies is the way to go.  Assuming I'm not squonking or dripping, is there any benefit for the Galaxies RDTA over their RTA version?
I cant really judge that yet. Need to use the RDTA more
For sure. Just had someone ask the same question lmao.

Summary:
yeah that was before my reviews.
I have 2 more a galaxies MTL RDTA and the 1928 RDA.
MTL RTAs though are coming out like crazy.
the mini is more of a less options, smaller more simple one.
and yeah tons of MTL RDAs as well coming.
It's not going to be the flavor i'm used to personally but more then acceptable to people who like MTL vaping.
I think it only comes in the kit with the battery stick.
