Original Response:
I miss this so much D:

Now Power Berserker is so bad and there are 2 wasted power traits in the Berserker line that no one ever touches.
Yup. I hate what they have done to Berserker. It was so fun. Hell the whole of warrior is a mess now, it's all about upkeeping all kind of different buffs. Remember when they changed %dmg if dodge isn't full because it was daft? Then they added a similar system and locked the dps behind that. But hey, who cares right? Maybe we should make daily threads like weavers to get some bones thrown our way
Unfortunately it doesn't matter how much we complain about the current state of Berserker because it's not as popular of an elite spec and warriors are artificially better than they should be because banners are a thing. 

Basically, people think it's fine that Berserker is trash because it can still function as a bannerslave. It's a shame.
Condi berserker, power spellbreaker. Support next-elite-spec


Banners need an overhaul or nerfs so warriors can  be freed from them 

^(here come the downvotes)
if anything, a banner nerf would make them irrelevant.
Nothing irritates me more than when I talk about warrior and dps that they automatically mention banner. it's really sad my favorite class has been pigeon holed into this role
Their *uniqueness* needs to go away, similar to how alacrity has slowly become not *just* a Chrono thing...

I'm not sure how this would work (I've written suggestions elsewhere before) but I think it would could improve their usefulness while *also* improving class variety in group content.
Spellbreaker wasn't even ment to be the power spec, it was ment to be the pvp spec, very much like scrapper was. Most of the dmg comes from axe 5, and strength trait. I wouldn't mind if they reworked the spellbreaker traits to be better for pve though. Ideally I want arena net to move away from "stack x buff to deal dmg"that  they seem to have a hard on for  for when it comes to warrs
He does have a point though,  once banners arent warrior only buffs,  no one will want them. Unless anet compensate for that with some massive buffs which I honestly doubt
It's funny because I made a thread today discussing in detail the same thing that you just said and I got downvoted to hell. 

You're completely right, though. If the next warrior elite spec is anything other than support it will completely power creep berserker, the elite spec that does nothing **but** damage.
Ideally, Arenanet should have just homogenized the different Enhancements all professions can dole out.  IMHO the non-elite Ranger Spirits &amp; Warr Banners should function the exact same, since they basically -are- the same thing (aside from spirits having a consume skill while banners are just bundles; that can be balanced out by reworking the banner bundle skills to actually incentivize a warrior to use them as part of their rotation).
I'm quoting a comment that I made on a different thread about "hopeful balance changes" regarding a banner overhaul:

&gt; . . . I'd rather see all unique-class-specific-shared-stat-bonuses provide a generic ++stat buff instead. This means they can be made non-stacking, they can be reused across classes (Banners &amp; Traits can be interchangeable instead of stacking (Spotter + AP equals Banner of Discipline stats, and vice versa) This also provides an opportunity to add the remaining 4 stats (Vitality, Healing Power, Expertise &amp; Concentration) to the classes that currently don't have a group-sharing-buffs; making their roles a bit more versatile (Necro, Thief, Ele &amp; Mesmer don't have a shared utility)

so this way one banner can fill in the role of 2 classes picking particular traits; or vice versa; if you have a druid running spotter and a Revenant running AP your warrior doesn't bring their banner, but can bring extra DPS instead.

this keeps banners relevant; but frees up some builds (for example I think spotter is used in almost *every* ranger group-content oriented-build)
this uniqueness doesn't need to go away at all, because you can easily replicate it on other classes.  
alacrity is a very special boon, while +x stats is not really and can be implemented in various ways on other classes...so don't compare apples and oranges. thanks.  

just give out more banner styled support to other classes as well so they can run as a support.  

doesn't mean banner itself must be nerfed to eternity. the thing is, once banner is not a optimal buff anymore, warrior will fall out completly.  
the only thing that will happen is, that while you free yourself from banners, you will free just another spot in the raid and warrior won't be taken if hes not buffed like mad to be a competitive dps.  


just look how warr has fallen out just because hes not a mightbot anymore for all. all it did was open 2 more dps slots where the exact same classes get taken again, which are in the meta atm.  

you simply won't do shit with any nerf thats too hard. i promise you, warrior will fall out completly and then people cry why their warrior aren't taken anymore if you don't count the really special edge cases.
without massive buffs to the dps of a warrior to be competitive it won't be taken, it will be switched out since you bring it for banners right now.  

and for a edge case like no pain no gain in fractals i would rather take a power chrono if there where no good banners. just way more utility.  

so you'll see...whatever you do, if banners are made mediocre, warr is out. its not opening up anything. it deletes the usefulness of the warr.  

if anything, i would make banners even more special to make sure, that he stays useful in the future.  


uniqueness in a game is something beautiful, if all classes are unique in their doing. what we really don't need in this game is more streamlined classes with buffs which do all the same shit in the end.
At this point, I'd rather just have my favorite profession be bad than be forced to run Banners. I miss having utility skills.

Summary:
the thing is, once banner is not a optimal buff anymore, warrior will fall out completly.
He does have a point though,  once banners arent warrior only buffs,  no one will want them.
if anything, a banner nerf would make them irrelevant.
I miss having utility skills.
without massive buffs to the dps of a warrior to be competitive it won't be taken, it will be switched out since you bring it for banners right now.
