Original Response:
[deleted]
Damn dude, that's pathetic. Grow up. Can't get through life throwing fucking temper tantrums. Are you a child?
lmao did you ever read the post? That's literally what I did, grew up. And when this happened, yes, I was a child.
I'm saying it's pathetic my guy, that's all. Glad you grew up, but damnnnn that's some next level immaturity there. I hope you got the therapy and anger management you needed
Almost as imature as mentally absuing a stranger on the internet who made a post about their fucked up childhood.
It seems like you want us to pat you on the back, and tell you it's okay. You voluntarily shared this story. I hope you get real help or I feel really bad for your possible future partners. I don't think you understand how traumatizing it is watching someone act like that. I don't find this to be a light hearted story at all.
That was hardly mental abuse. Are you serious? No-one owes this guy a hug. He was a dick to his family.
You seem to be really offended by this story so I'm sorry. But please don't act like you know the whole situation from this story that I decided to share. Obviously it was a mistake considering in still getting comments three days later.
If you think me criticizing this guy for throwing a temper tantrums and throwing knives around the kitchen is worse then him doing it, you're a moron. This guy could have killed his step mom who was trying to help him. I'm saying this guy needs/needed serious therapy and I hope he received that help. And damn mental abuse? You are one sensitive guy
I never said his behavior was acceptable, nor did I say he deserves a social blowjob for growing up. That's life and we all do it. That said degrading someone online for something they did as a child is hardly acceptable behavior no mater the scenario. You arent the moral police and have no right to damn op based on this single excerpt of his life.
So in your mind targeting someone's obvious characterflaw and then repeatably making fun of it isn't mentally abusive? Shit homie, I'd hate to be your friend or family member. Anyways its like I said above; you are not morally superior to op based on this one story he has told us, and your acting as such tells another tale. 

I'm sure if we knew your darkest moments we could all also call you imature and weak.
Said he needed therapy and hope he got it. Keep rambling my guy, your opinion means nothing to me lol

Summary:
That's life and we all do it.
I'm saying it's pathetic my guy, that's all.
That was hardly mental abuse.
