Original Response:
[deleted]
Please don't take this offensively but your fiance sounds like an absolute asshole. I would never ever ever say that to my fiance. Even if she did use her teeth. Accidents happen sometimes, and given your situation I totally understand.

I have no doubt that you love each other but if this is what engagement is like, do you really want this to be your marriage as well.

There's definitely some reason that he is acting this way. It might be his personality type or there might be something else going on. Even if he shut you out you need to try and have a serious conversation with him about the direction that your relationship is heading.

Feel free to PM
Wanted to comment that, but didn't want to be redundant. So I'll just stick with "this".
Thank you, I am not taking anything offensively, even if its pointed out that I might be doing things wrong, instead I really wholeheartedly appreciate any input on this as I don't really have anyone to talk to. 

In response to what you have pointed out, yes, when I think of him the one word that I would describe (but not say out loud) is definitely along the lines of "asshole" I also appreciate that you mentioned the accident I made because I do feel horrible, but I'm sort of glad to know someone else might not have reacted the same, but that doesn't change how he now may feel toward me unfortunately :/ he kinda makes it out like I'm careless and it was intentional when it's the complete opposite, I really enjoy giving bj not to sound gross but I do, and I'm really thoughtful and careful about what he is feeling so this is why this threw me over the edge. I'm scared to do it again but I still would try, but idk if he would even want me to. I'm always afraid that he doesn't like it when I'm doing it so this is really not a great feeling , but it *was* my fault

Addressing the love aspect...

Yes I'm sure I do love him, but I'm *very* unsure he loves me, he made a hurtful statemt a while back that he is only with me for this kids, this hurt real bad and I still think about it, he doesn't really show love only insult and then says it's because he loves me and all that.

Do I want this to be my marriage, to put it simply, NOOO. But, I would be open to a marriage with him if he was , well, a completely different person, I guess. Meaning if he changed his whole personality to be alot nicer, which I know from experience probably won't ever happen.

The conversation part, that *won't* happen. 100% will not. He is not that kind of person, he shuts me out and gets mad that I'm "bothering" him. He is kind of hard headed and alot of stubborn, so conversation never goes well because every time I've tried without fail, it goes to "well then if you don't want to be with me, yada yada." Or "you want me to leave? Cus I will" basically i don't like doing heavy conversations because it really brings out the hard truth that I really don't think he cared much about being with me or loves me at all the way I do him


So I'm dealing with a lot of hard emotions knowing nothing will change, but battling these feeling of wanting to stay as a family.
What scares me the most is the fact that you said you would not be opposed to marriage if he was a completely different person. Unfortunately he's not going to be a different person. At least not for you and I know that's hurtful and I know how bad that sucks.

I completely understand you wanting to stay in as much of a family-oriented atmosphere as possible but you have to really look at your well-being. You know that he's not going to change. So it may not be worth dragging yourself through the emotional turmoil.
Thank you for saying that.. now that I reread that , it scares me ..alot. I actively realize he won't change BUT continue down a fantasy that in a alternate reality he MIGHT. it's really unhealthy now that I'm seeing this for the first time.

And the part of that that really hurts is I know if I do separate, seeing him with someone else WILL hurt me deep to the core, not because of jealousy at all, but because i know it will make me question why he couldnt be that way with me, why we couldn't work like he is with his hypothetical future relationship. Seeing pictures of them happy, etc, I already know will send me down a REALLY Bad road. I already feel like crap and not good enough for anyone, and that will basically validate the way I feel now, that it was all me I was the problem and now he's moved on and is happy and this new woman will be so perfect and he will look back at me like god damn I can't believe I was with her, and I can't already see now, all the comments he will make to her and friends about how awful I am .. :/ and I know this because when we started dating he SLAMMED on all of his exes, made them all out to be crazy and the WORST. now I can only imagine *my* story. I know I shouldn't care but this seems to be a big factor in me not accepting the fate of our relationship, besides the biggest reason being kids, and staying a family.. :(
I know this is going to sound very impossible but I really think that you're making it sound a lot worse in your head. Don't worry about what might be a situation in his future. Remember you really got to worry about yourself and the kids. I know that sounds shity of me to say, but honestly I feel bad for you. Your fiance sounds really like not a nice person. 

I know that a lot of people here are giving basically the same advice, some of us know from experience others don't want to see you go down that rabbit hole.
You are completely right in all aspects and I hope you know you are helping me more than words can express!

I know I over think, and it's probably why I lack sleep! And I think about this situation of him without me almost everyday which now sounds ridiculous, but I keep trying to weigh out the good and bad and what I should do, and I'm really glad I finally broke down and posted here. If anything everything happens for a reason, because if tonight's accident with him never happened, I might have never looked for advice and then realized the problem is much deeper than some stupid sex mistake. I will definitely try to not think about too far in the future like that now, because your right, and I can't control what happens in his life too and shouldn't be bother by it, like you point out. My focus should be the kids lives, they are growing up in this. I really don't want to fuck up their lives with this nonsense. I really appreciate your empathy and compassion it really is kind, I would hate to have someone feel bad for me but in this context it opens my eyes to realize I need to have more self respect. Thank you for that. The times that I do wish he could be a nice person, I quickly realize it wouldn't even feel genuine and I would still walk on eggshells. So I'm starting to sersiously ask my self , is this really going to be my life, not just putting up with this, but being a role model and showing my kids that this is what love looks like? No, I just wish I could build up strength. 

You're words are definitely pushing me in that direction and I deeply thank you for that, taking time from your life giving me advice, truly means alot.
No person should have to walk on eggshells in their relationship. You know what you have to do, you just have to muster up the courage to do it. And whenever you're ready that's up to you. Not me or anybody else on here can tell you when or how to do that. I can only offer you my advice and knowledge and wisdom. But I cannot make decisions for you. You seem like an amazing woman and you shouldn't have to be put through what seems to be a living hell.

The fact that you care enough to even listen to our suggestions means that you know what he does to you continuously is not right. 

Honestly he should feel bad for himself for treating you the way he does and it just does not seem like he cares.

You said about it being the stupid sex mistake but it's much more than that. It's not a mistake at all and I really want you to know that it's not your fault.
You're absolutely right, I know deep down what I have to do, but definitely won't be showing any hint of these feelings to him or anyone I know until I get my Ativan prescription refill this week, because I know for damn sure I will be Shakey and wuss out...I need to have all my ducks in a row and feel more emotionally stable and confident. You definitely have a lot of wisdom, I can tell for sure and I truly appreciate it!  Funny you mention , it is a living hell. I read something recently that wasn't specific to what kind of relationship but it said 

"Always make sure to recognize if a relationship is;. Home, Vacation, or Hell"

That really spoke to me

You have certainly been an eye opener, thank you and I really am realizing that this is wrong. I do hope one day I can be an amazing woman and even better mom. I think my brain is so foggy with all of my insecurities that I'm ignoring the fact I'm still with him because I'm scared of the unknown more than I'm accepting the reality that things like this will only continue and honestly probably get worse once all intimacy dies, and that's NOT the example of healthy relationships I want my kids to follow, that nightmare is probably going to be what pushes me, to show them that you shouldn't and never deserve to be on this kind of relationship. I just wish I saw the red flags early on, because looking back now, *they were there*
But I would have had two beautiful kids and become who I am today (even if I'm a bit messed up now haha,maybe that's temporary)
Well thank you for the compliment. You're welcome to come to me whenever you need anything. Just send me a PM and I will help you out to the best of my ability.

I have no doubt that you're a great mom. Remember we're all human and all you can do is try your best.

As far as doing what you need to do, you take whatever time you need. Make sure like you said you have all your ducks in order. He's obviously going to either react in a very hysterical manner or not care at all. And how he reacts really will show you if he cares or not.

And lastly, as far as your insecurities go. That's always stuff you can work on. I'm not sure what those insecurities are, but we all have them even me. You just have to make the best of what you have and what you can do. You really can do anything you put your mind to you just have to believe.
Thank you so much! It's such a relief to feel like I actually have a safe outlet to reach out to and you seem very insightful so it's very comforting to know that! I know I could *never* give advice here on relationships because I'm the poster child for clueless, haha.

And actually that's a good point on how he may react, because I do need to prepare for that. And I'm quite sure he'll react both ways , probably won't care at first, then anger, hysterical, then wont care once he finds someone else.. 

I think my insecurities are mostly if not rooted from things he's said, very exacerbated from him validating them. It sucks that they're so ingrained in my head and feels like it's always going to be there reminding me but I hope it will simmer down a bit. At least I'm starting to notice it more and your support has very much helped,
Thanks again. And I will definitely remember that I have someone else to talk to, that makes this whole situation a lot less of a load to handle by myself!
You're very much welcome, I'll always be here all you have to do is reach out.

And honestly doesn't really matter how he reacts as long as he doesn't hurt you or your kids. He sounds like a very narcissistic person and obviously an asshole. You deserve someone so much better and I'm sorry that you had to go through everything that you had to go through, everything that he endured you through.

As far as your insecurities go, I'm assuming they all came from him being an ass. Treating you poorly, telling you you look like crap, just overall being a shitty fiance'.

Once he is out of the picture, over time you will feel more confidence about yourself. Things will get better, I promise. It may take time but they will get better. ❤
Thanks again :) you're very right, I really hope everything will fall into place! Im staying positive now, and all this support has definitely lifted me up and out of this hole, alot! I'm going to focus on keeping calm and definitely going to look into the narcissistic behavior and see if that seems to line up, so I can better understand everything and what to do! I'm so grateful for all of your support and advice! :)

Summary:
You know that he's not going to change.
It's not a mistake at all and I really want you to know that it's not your fault.
I'm not sure what those insecurities are, but we all have them even me.
And how he reacts really will show you if he cares or not.
Your fiance sounds really like not a nice person.
You just have to make the best of what you have and what you can do.
Honestly he should feel bad for himself for treating you the way he does and it just does not seem like he cares.
I have no doubt that you love each other but if this is what engagement is like, do you really want this to be your marriage as well.
Unfortunately he's not going to be a different person.
I really don't want to fuck up their lives with this nonsense.
Thank you for saying that.. now that I reread that , it scares me ..alot.
