Original Response:
This why I loved Conor's purple Joker suit and insane behavior and Khabib's simple black clothes and stoic demeanor. It's like Batman and the Joker. Lawful Good vs. Chaotic Evil *(nerdy chortle)*.
lawful evil vs. chaotic good imo.
EIIREEEE
No shit man.  Khabib is friends with scum and murderous homophobic dictators.  He makes videos mocking the poor and has a backwards view of the treatment of women.  He groups up and slaps Artem when he thinks no one will notice, but tries to act professional when cameras are on.  No way he is "good".  I'd have a hard time calling Conor "good", but let's not pretend Khabib is better.
I agree. EIRE!
More like lawful evil vs choatic good.
Khabib was wearing a $685 Moncler sweatshirt. Interesting attire, as he does not care about money or vanity.
Shit really? He's made videos mocking the poor?
Yep. Recorded homeless guys while they’re offered money to do exercise.

Which considering how strict of a Muslim Khabib is, that seems like something that would be against their religion surely ??
[removed]
There’s no defending the video with the homeless guy and his views on women, but with the dictator thing he kinda has no choice. If he shows any disrespect to someone like that, his family’s lives could be endangered. You gotta remember, Dagestan is not like the US. You can’t say whatever you want. The people running that place are fucked up, evil people. You don’t have a choice in whether you show respect to them or not. Fedor’s 16 year old daughter was hospitalized after he said something critical of one of Kadyrov’s mma organizations. Fedor and his daughter don’t even live in Dagestan, and they were still found and she was hurt. People really forget how privileged they are to live in a free country like the US or Canada or most European countries. It’s different man, it’s a whole different world over there
Exactly, Khabib mentions how Connor brought 40 people during the bus incident, but when he corners Artem with a bunch of his guys it's totally different.
I know, but between him and his dad they really seem to support Kadyrov.  Plus the whole Magomedov thing is idiocy, Khabib went to bat for a corrupt shithead, and he certainly wasn't pressured into that.
What are his views on the treatment of women?
You think McGregor is any better? He has ties to Irish cartels and hangs endorses Putin. Miss me with that moral high ground shit.
He doesn't seem to have a problem with women in MMA as far as I can see. He has mentioned that he thinks Cyborg and Holm are "nice girl" (in terms of their skill) before their fight.
Many McBeards are like this, fake humbleness and pious tendencies until the big shaytan American woman tricks you into fucking her, alhamduilah.
Yeah just don't testify against the Clintons and you'll be fine in America.
Nothing, they're just making assumptions because he's religious. He apparently follows [women's MMA in some capacity] (https://youtu.be/uUG5P_BqbYg) and ~~his wife [doesn't wear a headscarf on an everyday basis] (https://heightline.com/khabib-nurmagomedov-religion-wife/)~~ (dubious source). He has gone on record saying [this] (https://www.mmamania.com/platform/amp/2014/8/4/5966791/khabib-nurmagomedov-alcohol-girls-stand-in-way-of-athlete-spoil-him-weak-mma) which you may interpret as you wish:

&gt;"There are fighters in America who can drink on Friday and Saturday. After an event I saw it myself in the hotel. 80-percent of them are already drunk. Not the champs, but middle-of-the-pack guys, guys like one win, two losses. A couple of times they called me with them to the club. I told them I'm a Muslim. And they were like 'Come on, we know two Muslims and they visit the clubs with us all the time!' I have tried to explain them, that a Muslim is not ideal, but Islam is. Alcohol and girls stand in a way of an athlete, they spoil him and make him weak."

On the note of Kadyrov, let's look at it with a bit of nuance. His entire family is in Dagestan. His dad can't even get a visa to come to the US. Fedor's daughter was assaulted when he spoke up against Kadyrov. How do we know if Khabib has a choice in the matter?

I'm Irish and am rooting for Conor but I'm not going to make things up to hate Khabib for. He's done some actual bad/dumb things (mocking homeless, attacking Artem, hating on rap lol), haters should criticise him for that instead of manufacturing things
That's not his wife. That was some Russian popstar or something.
Americans are so ignorant when it comes to knowing how rest of world works. honestly everything is being blown out of proportion, Conor took picture with Putin and called him one of greatest leaders. Politicians have blood on their hands in every country but in USA nobody cares if you speak up about it where other place they shut you up. when it comes to women he is just following religion he was brought up in. homeless thing he might have had no bad intention and maybe it seemed funny to him at time. i don't think there is any malice behind his actions. we all done stupid shit you can't judge a person by 30 second video of them and a picture of them with someone.
You might be right but I can't find English language evidence for it. I'll err on the side of caution and exclude it.
Irish cartels? Lol
No. His cousin made some bums who were begging for money do push-ups before giving them any.  People blow shit up like it is some big deal.  We are living in pussified times my friend.
Yeah because scaring women on a bus really is honourable.
We are living in pussiefied times brother.
Lawful good? Yeah ok.
The US has become really pussified over the last 25 years. The public school system has turned the American male into a bunch of sniveling over sensitive candy asses. That is the honest truth.
Naw man that's shitty behavior
Average Russians are quite sexist but Dagestanis are on another level, goddamn I would not want to be a woman in that part of the world.
Nothing to do with him being religous, everything to do with what culture he has grown in and where he lives...
Right. He should have told them get the fuck away from me,  go get a damn job.
&gt;when it comes to women he is just following religion he was brought up in

Lol. Yeah he has no free will, right you are famalam
&gt;Irish cartels

[https://www.sbnation.com/2017/11/30/16721062/conor-mcgregor-irish-mafia-bounty-mma](https://www.sbnation.com/2017/11/30/16721062/conor-mcgregor-irish-mafia-bounty-mma)
Truly, if you grow up indoctrinated to something, and everyone in your family and friends circle goes along with it, it can be VERY difficult to even be AWARE that there is another way, never mind follow that other path.

I'm not excusing that kind of behaviour, just saying that people who are enlightened about rights never consider that they are privileged - that the upbringing they had to make them aware of it is not common in the world, and without it it can be difficult to understand.
You presume that everyone who is "enlightened" was never in a realm of religious brainwashing themselves at one stage or another.

Khabib is an international celebrity now, not some sheltered kid who has never left his little corner of the world with all its influences and pressures.
&gt; You presume that everyone who is "enlightened" was never in a realm of religious brainwashing themselves at one stage or another.

Not at all, I'm one of them. (not religious, but cultural). But I was very lucky to be exposed to some people who could help me to see another path. Most people won't be lucky like that.

&gt; Khabib is an international celebrity now, not some sheltered kid who has never left his little corner of the world with all its influences and pressures.

So suddenly his social group stopped becoming his family and Ali Abdelaziz, and become some hardcore feminists and a few gays from Queens - and now he spends his evenings discussing intersectionality and whether cultural appropriation is a good thing or a bad thing?

Just because someone has money and flies around the world doesn't mean they are exposed to new people and ideas at all. Particularly in the case of powerful and famous people, they are insulated from them - as people will choose to not say anything which could upset them. It's got to be even harder for them than normal people, who would chill in a beer, talk to ordinary people, and not have people be as afraid to offend their views.
So not based on anything he's said or done?
Again. You're just saying Dagestanis are sexist. How?

I'm not just gonna take your word for it.
An interesting perspective, but I think it's too generous personally.

When you gain wealth and the ability to travel all over the world and meet all kinds of different people, there is less room for maneuver on the environmental/nurture angle, IMO at least. But there is validity to a lot of what you say.
&gt;You're just saying Dagestanis are sexist. How?

My boy there are thousends and thousends of articles on their backward traditions.

https://www.opendemocracy.net/od-russia/svetlana-anokhina/womens-rights-in-the-north-caucasus

http://blog.crisisgroup.org/europe-central-asia/2016/06/09/women-in-the-north-caucasus-conflicts-an-under-reported-plight/


We are not talking about regular sexism, we are talking about human rights abuse.

&gt;Kadyrov describes women as a husband’s property, whose main role is to bear children.

This shit is prevalent all around north Caucasus .
I am not gonna search his entire social media posts.

What I do know is he is extremly religious and traditional, and those traditions are mad fucking sexist.

Just recently he fucking got mad because a pop star tried to play a concert in his republic.

The guy is mad backwards.
&gt;When you gain wealth and the ability to travel all over the world and meet all kinds of different people

That's the thing, I don't think they do meet "different kinds of people". They meet lots of people, all of the same kinds. Sycophants, reporters etc. who ask non-probing questions, and then the usual training partners, agents etc, that they know from home.

&amp;#x200B;

Working abroad is very \*VERY\* different from travelling for the experience of meeting people. It can be very insular for a normal person like me, never mind for someone who lives in a bubble like a fighter with a travelling camp, security etc.
&gt; a Muslim is not ideal, but Islam is

Oh it absolutely is, just look at all Islamic places in the world. Ideal countries to live in.
Your understanding of geopolitics and history is impeccable I must say.
[removed]
The UK didn't allow Chris Brown to enter and perform a concert. Mad backwards.

So you have no evidence that he is sexist. You think his people are sexist so he is sexist too. Nice logic.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]

Summary:
You think his people are sexist so he is sexist too.
I told them I'm a Muslim.
The guy is mad backwards.
when it comes to women he is just following religion he was brought up in.
It’s different man, it’s a whole different world over there.
He makes videos mocking the poor and has a backwards view of the treatment of women.
Ideal countries to live in.
Not at all, I'm one of them.
You're just saying Dagestanis are sexist.
No way he is "good".
We are living in pussified times my friend.
&gt;when it comes to women he is just following religion he was brought up in

Lol.
I know, but between him and his dad they really seem to support Kadyrov.
You presume that everyone who is "enlightened" was never in a realm of religious brainwashing themselves at one stage or another.
