Original Response:
Post removed.

Normal Gear pictures belong in the Weekly Picture Thread.

Questions are to be posted as text with any relevant images inside.
This was more of a buyer beware...post.  Damned, is there nothing you can post on this sub?!
You can post almost anything as long as you follow the clear posted rules.

You didn't follow the rules. Not the first time, either.
So as long as I didn’t post a picture, and just paraphrase my experiences it would’ve been acceptable?!  Jeez, if I did that people would ask for pictures...

It was an informative post that buyers beware of what they purchase, read between the lines, and check the hardware being purchased if from a retail location.

I don’t see how I violated the site rules, and to be quite honest, I think you have some kind of hard on for me for disagreeing with an almighty mod.

Maybe you should consider all sides and variables before throwing down your virtual banhammer
Aww, you're trying to man up. It's cute.

You broke the clearly posted rules, cupcake. Next time it happens I won't be so nice.
I’m reporting you as a mod, you’re egotistical...I did not break any of the posted rules.  This was not a “hand check” or “hardware” picture.  It was a post with a concern...get off your high horse, and calm down with the Reddit god complex.
It's normal gear, cupcake. Your reason for posting doesn't matter.
It is indeed a rule breaking post. It is Normal Gear. The proper way to post this would be to make a text post, explaining the issue and then including a picture within the body of the post showing the problem.
Normal gear, widely sold, with an issue ,tinkle nuts.  Maybe if you did what your SUPPOSED to do as a moderator you would’ve looked past the picture and actually read the reply I posted.  Instead, your lazy ass didn’t see past the first post...typical.

As I said, you have a Reddit god complex...come on twitchy...out down the meth pipe and focus on that screen of yours...complete idiot mod.
You're toeing a line you don't want to toe. I would HIGHLY suggest you stop right now. 

You did not read the posting guidelines. Your post is not within the rules. Accept that move on and repost it properly like everyone does.
Ok...well then, I can accept that as an explanation.  

Officially “my bad.”

If I have an issue with “hardware” in the future such as:

-manufacturing defect
-cosmetic
-ordering issues 
-etc...

I will keep in mind the proper way to format a post.  In turn, I would suggest that it might be a good idea to post this in the site rules so that it doesn’t happen again.

There is nothing in the site rules about formatting structure...it’s open to interpretation, mine was wrong.  I was obviously trumped through the power of the keyboard stroke.
Oh I will...but do you really believe that was a proper way to address someone...”cupcake.”

Just saying people get defensive.  I will move past the issue, and already apologized for improper formatting of the post.

Summary:
Your post is not within the rules.
It is indeed a rule breaking post.
You did not read the posting guidelines.
I will keep in mind the proper way to format a post.
