Original Response:
In Mark 7 we have Jesus saying 

&gt;*14 And he called the people to him again and said to them, “Hear me, all of you, and understand: 15 There is nothing outside a person that by going into him can defile him, but the things that come out of a person are what defile him.”\[*[*e*](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark+7&amp;version=esv#fen-ESV-24475e)*\] 17 And when he had entered the house and left the people, his disciples asked him about the parable. 18 And he said to them, “Then are you also without understanding? Do you not see that whatever goes into a person from outside cannot defile him, 19 since it enters not his heart but his stomach, and is expelled?”\[*[*f*](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=Mark+7&amp;version=esv#fen-ESV-24478f)*\] (Thus he declared all foods clean.) 20 And he said, “What comes out of a person is what defiles him.* 

These verses make a lot of sense to me.  What comes out of a person is what defiles him.  However, in Revelation 2, Jesus rebukes the church in Pergamum for eating food sacrificed to idols.

&gt;*14 But I have a few things against you: you have some there who hold the teaching of Balaam, who taught Balak to put a stumbling block before the sons of Israel, so that they might eat food sacrificed to idols and practice sexual immorality.* 

So now Jesus says that eating food sacrificed to idols is a stumbling block to the sons of Israel.  What happened?
Mark's gospel is very Pauline and as such is addressed to gentile converts. Paul's own solution was that Jewish-Christians should continue to follow the law but gentile converts didn't have to.  

If you take the far more Jewish gospel of Matthew he has Jesus say, " For truly I tell you, until heaven and earth pass away, not one letter, not one stroke of a letter, will pass from the law until all is accomplished." he doesn't add, "except the dietary laws".  

The concern in the Revelation passage is more about people mixing and matching their old pagan beliefs with Christianity.  

Each gospel addresses its own congregation from a very diverse early bunch of congregations.
Context.  Very interesting.  I never thought of Matthew as a more Jewish gospel but I can see what you're saying.  

&gt;not one letter, not one stroke of a letter, will pass from the law until all is accomplished.

Off topic I suppose but does he not change the laws in the following verses in the sermon on the mount?  For example, removing the just recompense and commanding his followers to love their enemies.  This seems like more than changing a jot or tittle.
&gt;The concern in the Revelation passage is more about people mixing and matching their old pagan beliefs with Christianity.

Aka plain old Christianity.
Matthew has Jesus say, "“You have heard that it was said, ‘You shall love your neighbor and hate your enemy.’" but he doesn't say where they might have heard it. I don't think it's in the law and there are some great examples of enemy loving in the OT.  

To paraphrase *[2 kings 6:17-23](https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=2+kings+6%3A17-23&amp;version=NRSV)*:  

Elisha strikes the Syrian army blind and leads them bound into the capital city of Samaria and the King twice asks Elisha if he should kill them.  

Elisha answers, "You shall not strike them down. … Set bread and water before them, that they may eat and drink and go to their master.’ So the king prepared for them a great feast, and when they had eaten and drunk, he sent them away, and they went to their master.’"  

Love thy enemies in action in the OT!
Nice verses.  I do struggle seeing the love in the OT but those kind of work.  I meant to refer to the difference between Matthew 5:38 and Exodus 21:24. 
 That is a clear contradiction.  And a good one at that!
Oh there's plenty of enemy hating, no question.  

There's also adultery and divorce by people loved and rewarded by YAHWEH so it's not in any way clear cut.  

Such a vast collection of diverse stories from disparate sources written over such a huge swathe of time for many different reasons is bound to contain oddities and flat out contradictions, as we see and would expect.
He’s not doing away with the laws in the Sermon on the Mount, he is making them more severe.
It is strange to say not one letter or stroke will pass away right before he changes them.
Wouldn't the distinction be top-down decisions from the church leaders vs lay people just doing whatever?
Was that comment supposed to be adressed to me?
Yeah. We know Christmas is a celebration of Jesus's birth, but the 25th of December was a date the church chose to appeal to pagans who were already used to celebrating at that time. I'm saying that if some Christians just decided to keep celebrating Saturnalia or whatever then that would be wrong, but official hijacking of the celebration is fine because everyone is clear on what it means to celebrate Christmas. Even if the practice didn't change much, the meaning of it did.
Christmas is the least concern for Christianity.
Well what did you have in mind?
The entirety pretty much.
Im almost positive Jesus never existed at this point
Well, you're also a Gnostic so I wouldn't trust your judgement either.
Lmao. Are you a cold blooded dispassionate atheist?
Nope.
What are your issues with Christianity ?
All of it basically. But none of yours. And btw, Jesus explicitly identified the Father as YHWH.
Well would love to hear what ya think but you don't sound too interested in discussing. Did he?  Don't remember that part.
&gt;Well would love to hear what ya think but you don't sound too interested in discussing.

Not right now at least.

&gt;. Did he?

Yes.

‘26And regarding the dead rising, have you not read about the burning bush in the book of Moses, how God told him, ‘I am the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob’d ? 27He is not the God of the dead, but of the living. You are badly mistaken!”

28Now one of the scribes had come up and heard their debate. Noticing how well Jesus had answered them, he asked Him, “Which commandment is the most important of all?”

29Jesus replied, “This is the most important: ‘Hear O Israel, the Lord our God is One Lord, 30and you shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all your strength.’e 31The second is this: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’f No other commandment is greater than these.”

Summary:
I don't think it's in the law and there are some great examples of enemy loving in the OT.
What comes out of a person is what defiles him.
Christmas is the least concern for Christianity.
* 

So now Jesus says that eating food sacrificed to idols is a stumbling block to the sons of Israel.
Well would love to hear what ya think but you don't sound too interested in discussing.
And a good one at that!
Well what did you have in mind?
