Original Response:
Um, maybe not sell them to teens? This is such a non-issue that I have to wonder if it's manufactured.
The issue is online ordering tends to have lax age verification. Last time I ordered eJuice all I had to do was check a box saying I was older than 18.
I emailed a company once because I clicked the I wasn't 18 box on accident on the final transaction screen.  It took my payment and I e-mailed them saying my mistake, he said their credit card company checks the age of the card holder so it was fine.  Might be lying though, /shrug.
I wonder, if the kid is using a credit card tied to their parent's account (like as an authorized user), would the age verification use the parent's age since its technically their account?
Most certainly?
You know, this is such a simple fix--some online retailers are still doing it (though they are few and far between) from when the deeming regs hit: proper age verification. More than checking a box.

It's a robust system that has to be built in to the backend and yes, it is a pain in the ass (I had to age verify for batteries a couple times), but I don't want retailers selling to kids. I also don't want to lose the ability to vape the flavors I like/want or lose access to vape from whatever device I choose.

And if B&amp;M shops have to age verify or face steep fines or even being shut down, it's not unreasonable to insist that online retailers develop a system that's a little more robust than just "the honor system."
In Canada the solution is crazy simple:

Canada Post does it for you. First shipment is an ID verified shipment where you have to provide proof of age of majority to pick up the product, then the vendor gets a confirmation from Canada Post, notes your account, and that's it.

Is it perfect? Of course not. All you need is one lazy employee and a fake id. Is it better than vendors having to manage it? Absolutely.

B&amp;M retailers just need to have the fear of the man like usual and you have a pretty decent system. Getting caught selling to minors getting you a big fat fine works wonders.
&gt;The issue is online ordering tends to have lax age verification...

Really? I can't even order an atomizer without age verification. Is the vendor one that you use often? Maybe you're already verified or you were seamlessly verified in whatever system they use.

But if online ordering is the issue, then this article has all the wrong numbers, because the market data is limited to convenience store/drug store/grocery store sales. 

JUUL wouldn't look so dominant, and Big Tobacco wouldn't seem so well represented, if vape shop and online sales were included.
Yes, all of my vape store orders in Canada so far have required age verification by Canada Post at point of delivery.
Well then Junior will most certainly be in big trouble when the package arrives, and/or when the credit card bill arrives. It'd be less risky for him to find someone to buy him a vape at a store.

Of course he could use the same kind of strategies to get cigs or alcohol. I sure did.
[removed]
I feel ya... But it drives me crazy. If parents don't want their kids buying ecigs online then they should try parenting a little bit and limit/monitor their credit card access. My rights shouldn't be infringed so that a shitty parent can rely on the government to parent for them.
Here in Canada Canada Post has age verification on delivery, You need to have proof of age when receiving/picking up the package and more than that you also need proof of identity.  If a package is sent to Joe Blow, only Joe Blow can get it and he needs to be of age.  USPS needs the same thing.

Summary:
The issue is online ordering tends to have lax age verification.
&gt;The issue is online ordering tends to have lax age verification...

Really?
I can't even order an atomizer without age verification.
Is the vendor one that you use often?
