Original Response:
Background: When my wife was younger, before she and I met, she liked to use one website (not reddit) to role play scenes with characters, post nude pictures of herself, etc. She had previous partners who were okay with this (or didn't know the extent that she did it. Idk.)

When we started dating, we set relationship boundaries. Not posting naked pictures of herself was one of them. 

When our relationship grew more serious, I wanted sexual role-play off the table as well. I asked her about it, and she lied. A lot. We eventually agreed that she would not use the website at all any more.

About a year or two later, she asks if she can use the site again, because she feels that she will have a healthy relationship with it. I find a few months in that she is sending and accepting nudes from a man, and role-playing sexual encounters herself (not just with characters). After a shouting match, we sort things out.

Months pass, she asks to use another similar website. She promises me NO SEXUAL CONTENT. She decides she doesn't like the layout and mechanics of this website and drops it.

.

Present: We got married, bought a house, and then my wife had to find another job. I'm providing about 90% of our income while we wait for her new paychecks to kick in. I haven't been able to afford my anti-anxiety and anti-depression medications for a few months, so I am an amorphous blob of a human who can barely get myself to do the minimum to provide that income to pay for our new mortgage. 

She asked if she can be on (website) again because she is also stressed and feels that she has no other hobbies to put her energy into. I express my worried feelings, but tell her to set parameters for herself and to be open with me about her content. She is defensive, but agrees.

A few days have passed since that conversation. I discovered last night that she is role-playing sexual encounters (with characters). Her website is pretty much nothing but "Look at X sexy character from (movie), what would you do to him/her?!"

I am at a total loss. I have so many sides pulling at my mind and demanding attention that I don't know what actions to take. I am aware that I am not in the correct mental state to deal with this appropriately. 

Hurt part: We've rode this rodeo before, I'm not doing it again - tell her to get out, and wait to hear from a lawyer for the divorce papers. Pack her a suitcase and leave it on the stoop with a note... or pack my own bag and disappear to a friend's house. This is, hands down, cheating behavior.

Anxious part: I can't survive without her. I can't keep the house on my own. I depend on and love her. I should "help" her by setting very clear parameters ("Her actions need to be controlled - she fucked up, so no more internet allowed, period." I recognize that this would be an inappropriate, and potentially abusive reaction. I won't let that tiny portion of my brain talk out loud.)

Depressed part: Maybe I did something to make her feel that her actions were okay/justified/normal. I don't even know if I have the energy and ability to confront her without going into a complete meltdown.

Feminist/equal-rights part: Everyone deserves to express the sexuality in whatever way makes them happy. Maybe she needs to have a more sexually open relationship.

Analytical/logical part: We set VERY CLEAR boundaries on what actions are/are not appropriate, and she willingly and knowingly broke that. Plain and simple. We need to sit down and have a calm discussion about why her actions were inappropriate to me, and why they are hurtful. This is, clearly, not cheating behavior. 

Optimist part: If we sit down and have a level-headed discussion (like the analytical part of my brain is saying), she will be able to set appropriate boundaries on her own and we will never have to have this discussion again. Besides, it's not like she's actually sending nudes of herself this time... she's using characters.... is it *really* that big of a deal???

Pessimist part: She obviously has no respect for me, we've *had* the calm, sit-down discussion before... TWICE. And look where we are... again... If she is willing to do this again, it will only be worse in the future because she will do bigger, more terrible things to hurt me. I ought to cut-and-run now.

.

Questions: What part of my scrambled brain should I lean towards, if any? 

I know her actions were inappropriate, but because of the mental state I am in, I feel like I can't recognize what "level" of inappropriate they were.... are we talking like a 1 or 2 level where a calm discussion is possible, or are we talking a 9 or 10 where possible divorce is on the table? And what even falls into the middle area???

.

Tl;dr: My wife is using characters to role-play sexual encounters online. This has led to cheating behavior in the past. I am mad/sad/anxious/worried/furious/depressed. Help.
So this reddit has generally been fairly far in the direction of "everything is cheating" (which I disagree with) and against polyamory. Given that this is relatively long term, and while you can't get her to really stop, it's also not escalating, it does seem like a candidate for getting a grip on your jealousy and redefining it as acceptable.

Maybe ask for advice somewhere a little more polyamory friendly, and see whether your jealousy is immutable. Yes, she lied, but getting rid of someone's sexual fetishes is rarely feasible or ends well. She's not endangering your health, and it doesn't seem like she's about to run off with someone she meets there.
You are so right. Too many people here are very adamantly against the idea of polyamory and it’s sad 

*edit: getting downvoted for an opinion, thanks for proving me right! Haha
[deleted]
A couple things.

The first is that poly relationships take a lot of honesty and respecting of boundaries. Probably more than non-poly relationships. She's doing neither, so I wouldn't consider her a good candidate for a poly relationship.

Secondly, it's a pretty shitty thing to pull while being married - essentially re-brand lying and some kind of cheating poly and then saying "live with it."
Gosh so agree. I'm 100% for polyamory and open relationships, but that involves communication and agreement. Polyamory/open relationships aren't solutions to chronic cheating and lying, and it's 100% okay to want monogamy and have that as a deal breaker.
[deleted]
Yeah, and I knew that going in here, to an extent... she is openly polyamorous, and I have always been accepting that that is a part of her identity. However, I am not. We had that discussion a LONG time ago that if she doesn't want to be, or can't be,  in a monogamous relationship then we shouldn't be together. She has always adamantly agreed that she would be monogamous with me. 

Do you have suggestions for a poly-friendly place to also ask for advice? I do recognize that part of her behavior is potentially related to that part of her identity.

But, I don't feel like it is jealousy that is the driving force. It is the heavy history of lying, cheating, and going directly against the agreements we made.

Not endangering my health shouldn't be the point in which actions in a relationship are considered acceptable.
Yep 100%. What this girl is doing isn't fair play even under the guise of polyamory. 

I would heartily recommend staying *away* from poly. If you can't trust someone to respect the (clearer cut) boundaries of a mono relationship, there is literally no chance when it comes to the grey areas of poly.
[deleted]
r/polyamory and calling Dan Savage

So I'm just gonna point out a couple things. 

- youve asked she promised to be monogamous even though she's poly. That's fucking hard. *really* hard. 

- youve asked she give up this fetish. 

This always plays out in two ways - 

- she continues the fetish (what's happening) 

- she ends the fetish, but it WILL be at the cost of her entire sexuality, because you can't just shut off parts of it like that. Because you're monogamous, I'm assuming you don't want to end up in a dead bedroom. 

Yes she lied and broke your agreements. But how much have you given up to be with her? She's given up SO MUCH for you here. You're not meeting halfway with these agreements, you're telling her what she must forsake for you. Could you have asked too much?

If you cannot live with a partner who wants to continue this, divorce her. If you think of all the things she brings into your life, and *this* is the price of admission, maybe it's a price worth paying? She paid a pretty big one being monogamous to you. Maybe you can do the same.
I feel like the situations brought here where polyamory is proposed is usually pretty one-sided considering this is an advice board and people don't come here when they're happy aside from the Friday Love Fest posts or to try and help others.

I'm sure that Dynamic works for plenty of people but it also seems like it's used as an excuse for somebody to get a free pass to cheat on someone else who really isn't interested in the lifestyle, but accept it as some kind of last-ditch to keep their partner. 

Unfortunately when you see so many miserable people as a result of this it has a tendency to skew your opinion on it. 

I personally don't think there's anything wrong with two adults that can consent to things with one another, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it for a failing relationship as an inoculation for cheating.
r/relationships tend to be a younger crowd. r/polyamory is better imo
Yeah. Much more mature over there.

I follow relationships to remind myself that I’ve got a clear head 😂
Yeah, being fully honest, it might be best to look into ending this relationship. She’s not wrong for being polyamorous, but you’re not wrong for wanting monogamy. it’s just different needs in a relationship. I dated a hard monogamist for a long time and it just ended up not being healthy for either of us. 

given that this has been a history of repeated incidents of you setting boundaries and her crossing them, and it clearly exacerbating mental health issues, I would definitely say now would be a time to put divorce on the table. these are such directly opposing needs that it’s incredibly hard for a healthy compromise to be reached.
Lol same it's a good reminder that my relationship is going great
I'm missing what everyone is saying... Why do people think they were *suggesting* poly for them? They just said to talk to poly people because they have a different understanding of jealousy.
I didn't see them actually*suggest* being poly, just talk to poly people because they understand jealousy differently. Also, the wife here identifies poly, so talking to people that relate to her would be more helpful to understanding her and Ultimately solving this (either way it goes).
Your reply is a hard one to hear, but I appreciate your response. Its given me a lot to think on.
I only answered about why it's interpreted differently on this board.
Do everything you can to see this issue from her side. Don't make it an issue that defines if she loves you or if she's a good person. She's not doing this to hurt you, dude. She's just trying to navigate life like you are and trying to fill it with happiness.
I read their comment as saying "hey, this is what she wants, so maybe you can talk to poly-friendly people to get over your jealousy, since it's not endangering your health and it's not like she's going to run off with one of these guys". If a couple agrees to be monogamous, and agree to these terms (no sexual role-playing, no sending/receiving nudes, etc.) and then lie about it and do it, yes, that is cheating (which this commenter also suggested that this wasn't necessarily cheating), regardless of whether you identify as poly or not. 

Maybe I read too into that but I've had a lot of experience with poly people acting as if monogamy is "below them" and everyone should just "elevate their minds" to accept it for their own relationships, so I guess that's where my comment came from. If that's not the case here, then sorry for the misunderstanding.
I mean I'm not the commentator so I can't say for sure, I just didn't see it that way.
You said it best. I don't necessarily think that this relationship can work out (at all) but I'm pretty sure it can't work out with OP insisting on strict monogamy.
This is complex. Good news - I have been in similar circles.

The thing that sticks with me is this: she cares more about engaging in RP in this way, than she does about what you're comfortable with. She has consistently lied to you, violated your trust, and in the past has send nudes to someone which. I mean. That's a certain level of cheating, there.

Now, I've been in fandom. It's a HUGE part of my life. I love writing, I've enjoyed RPing, and I the way I engage with media is a huge part of my life. If a partner came to me, and tried to take fandom away from me in total, that would be a hard no for me.

But the way you talk, you've tried again and again to compromise with her, and she's lied to you again and again - and you've been on this road before, and you've seen where it leads.

So I don't think the problem is her sexy roleplaying as IDK Bucky Barnes or whatever. I think it's that she lies to you, sneaks about, and has a history of cheating.

And here's the question: If she'd never lied, never cheated, never hidden things and snuck about, would you be half as bothered about this?

If the answer is "No, I wouldn't have been as bothered," the answer is that the problem is her, not you, and certainly not sexy RP
It doesn't really sound like he's compromised. He said when it got more serious he wanted it off the table completely, and wants to take out all sexual aspects. No judgement on if it's right or wrong but I wouldn't say those are compromises
I see where you're coming from. To me, I read that like OP had the thought process "I was okay when this was just writing, but this is now moving into real life stuff which is cheating. So the writing leads to the cheating, and that's why I want it off the table."
"real life stuff" - do you mean the photos? 

Also I just don't like the idea of partners being this controlling (oking what you write on the internet? Where you write it?) So I'm gonna always push back a little. I'm surprised more redditors aren't lol
I understand your feelings and I'll try to clear it up.

1. Yes, I definitely was more controlling on some aspects than I should have been. I was not emotionally mature, nor did I have my own mental health issues under control. I recognize that, and my wife and I have talked about that in the past.

2. In the beginning parts, i was okay with her having the website and role playing. It was sexual role play that I wanted off the table. I did not try to force her off or control her access in any manner besides sexually explicit role playing.

3. When she was exchanging nudes with someone else, we discussed that it was in fact cheating. At that time, we both agreed that she did not have a healthy relationship with the website. I wanted to leave. She asked what she needed to do to keep our relationship and to regain her trust. I told her no more (website) at all, not to talk to any internet strangers from (website) that she had ever had sexual role-play relationships with, that she would get private counseling to deal with her own mental health issues, and that we would go to couple's counseling. ...she deleted the websites, kept one internet friend (whom she said she did not have sexual role-playing history with), went to 2 or 3 private counseling sessions, and we did not go to couple's therapy. I did not push the issue, because she seemed to be doing better and seemed happier. 

4. This most recent time, I felt like I made huge compromises. She asked how I would feel if she started to use the site again, and I said that as long as she were open with me about her content and set parameters on her own use and behavior, it would be okay. I assumed "not role playing sex with strangers because my husband has explicitly stated that he is uncomfortable with that" would be an obvious parameter that I didn't need to ask for out loud.
I get that, and I recognize that in some ways in the beginning I did not handle it the best way. We were both young, and we both handled things like kids. I'm trying to do better now.

I also appreciate any "devil's advocate" because it allows me to see multiple points of view that I may not have considered.
&gt;I assumed "not role playing sex with strangers because my husband has explicitly stated that he is uncomfortable with that" would be an obvious parameter that I didn't need to ask for out loud.

You 100% failed here bruh. You cannot be angry with her when she can't read your mind.
No, he didn't fail anything. He assumed she knew BECAUSE he had explicitly stated it already. She did know. She's shown that she's unwilling to respect his boundaries. The problem is her, in that she can't be trusted. If she can't prove herself trustworthy, the relationship is not salvageable.
&gt;He assumed 

You can't do that in a relationship with another individual though. 

This boundary for her has changed SEVERAL times. This time, he said set your own. Being in a long term relationship and having gotten married, being given this must slack, she could be under the impression that OP has relaxed on what he considers the boundary. It's really not that outlandish when you see it from her side, which OP needs to do if he wants to continue this marriage. 

She's not this awful person because she roleplays. OP set her up to fail eith his assumptions and she did.
No. This is the 3rd time she's had sexual interactions with someone else AFTER he has said that's unacceptable to him. She's lied, and overstepped boundaries multiple times, they fought about it. She manipulated her husband into believing he should trust her, after she broke his trust, convinced him that she neeeeeds this community for her mental health. That would perhaps be a valid argument if she didn't use it to cheat.

Every time he tries to move past her infidelity, she pulls the same shit again. The only possible moral defense in this repeat is that she's just too stupid to be in an adult relationship. Stupid, selfish, or both of the above, she doesn't honour her commitments and she can't be trusted. And it isn't OP's fault, but he is going to keep getting burned by her until he gives up on her.
You're letting her walk all over you. She wont respect you.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: Doesn't respect you anymore.
[deleted]
How is this controlling? He’s not comfortable with his wife posting nudes on the internet or engaging in sexual role-play, which to him, is cheating. It’s not controlling to have a boundary where you say, “this is what I view as stepping outside of our marriage, this is what I view as cheating, please stop doing this.”

OP not wanting his wife, in their monogamous relationship, to not participate in sexual RP, and wanting his wife to stop participating entirely because she can’t stop herself from doing it, is not controlling.
“Don’t sext other people” (which is what she’s doing in practice) is a perfectly conventional and normal boundary. His wife just doesn’t respect it and isn’t suited for monogamy. He never should’ve married her.
I used to do a lot of roleplaying and some of it was sexual. My husband never viewed it as cheating but if he had, I'd have stopped immediately.

OP views it as cheating. He set his boundaries and expectations. If she found that controlling, she could have walked away and left, but she didn't. She accepted his boundaries and then stomped on them.

He's not controlling. He's trying to get her to stop doing something that hurts him.
None of what you did was controlling. What you're doing now isn't controlling. She's taking advantage of you not wanting to leave her.
&gt; I assumed "not role playing sex with strangers because my husband has explicitly stated that he is uncomfortable with that" would be an obvious parameter that I didn't need to ask for out loud.

Unfortunately, this was an error on your part I think. As a whole there's a different issue going on, but just wanted to take a second to point it out. Don't assume things like that. *Always* say it explicitly, even if it's uncomfortable or repeating yourself. *Especially* if it's been more than a week or two since you last talked about it. She may very well have heard "set parameters" as "only the new parameters we set are needed" and not your previous concerns still being relevant.

All that said, she's an addict, plain and simple. This is textbook addiction behaviors. Weedling around rules, concealing when pushing boundaries, etc. Not cheater behavior, addict behavior.

I would recommend a new ultimatum. She sees therapist and talks about her addictive behaviors and lying. You see couples counseling together and review the whole situation and what you each need changed. I don't think it's time to burn the bridge yet if she's willing to work toward it, and it's going to be expensive and a drain on resources for a little while, but as you're married clearly at some point in the past you thought it'd be worth it.

Sickness and health, and this is sickness. She's going to need an *actual* workable plan to wean off of the need to use sites like this. She can't control her behavior on them as she should, with or without your rules being in place. The behavior itself isn't the problem, it's her relationship with the behavior that is the issue. It's the lying and pushing and letting it go too far that makes it an addiction and not just a difference in values.
Thank you.

We talked about this being an addiction in the past, and she agreed that she felt like it was and that she had an unhealthy relationship with it. 

Treating it like an addiction, I think, will actually make it easier.
&gt; I'm surprised more redditors aren't lol

Because they're able to follow a chain of cause-and-effect and not pretend the two are completely unrelated.
It's not exactly sexting, though. I write and sometimes roleplay gay fanfiction. It's envisioning how *that character* would react.
You’re still writing about sex acts and sending sexual pictures of yourself (or rather, OP’s wife is) to others. That’s sexting, regardless of whether or not you think of it as “you.”  

But again, he shouldn’t make her stop. He should just find someone who doesn’t feel like they need to sext other people to destress.
I wouldn't do the sending photos. I don't think of it as cheating to type "Bucky runs his hand along the inside of Steve's thigh..."
The photos are pretty fucking significant and why it’s sexting. I think OP would be justified in not appreciating basic sexual roleplay either since again, “do not sexually engage with other people without discussing it with your partner” is a basic part of monogamy, but she’s sexting other people. 

It doesn’t really matter what you or I think is reasonable. What matters is that OP isn’t comfortable with it and his wife won’t stop. So he should divorce her.
I mean, yeah, her sending photos is uniquivocally cheating. I'm just saying that role play alone, especially in another character POV, isn't inherently cheating, like you said.
You've been married a while, it's time to look at it as "our problem" and what you can do to work on it together. Treat it as an addiction, and seek actual addiction treatment, not just a mental categorization. Seek therapy, and support, and follow a plan just like you would with alcoholism or a gambling addiction. Get help making a workable plan and support the change you need to see.
But it's clear OP does consider it cheating. Especially when you consider that since she *is" sending nudes, it's obvious that it's  less "I'm writing what Wonder Woman would do" and more "I'm imagining what I would do while wearing a Wonder Woman costume." She's clearly sexually connecting with her role play partners.

Summary:
I asked her about it, and she lied.
I used to do a lot of roleplaying and some of it was sexual.
It was sexual role play that I wanted off the table.
Don't assume things like that.
Maybe she needs to have a more sexually open relationship.
I see where you're coming from.
This time, he said set your own.
it’s just different needs in a relationship.
OP views it as cheating.
I can't keep the house on my own.
This is, clearly, not cheating behavior.
So the writing leads to the cheating, and that's why I want it off the table."
I think it's that she lies to you, sneaks about, and has a history of cheating.
I wouldn't do the sending photos.
She's given up SO MUCH for you here.
She sees therapist and talks about her addictive behaviors and lying.
She asked what she needed to do to keep our relationship and to regain her trust.
But it's clear OP does consider it cheating.
I recognize that, and my wife and I have talked about that in the past.
She has always adamantly agreed that she would be monogamous with me.
This is, hands down, cheating behavior.
Its given me a lot to think on.
She's doing neither, so I wouldn't consider her a good candidate for a poly relationship.
When our relationship grew more serious, I wanted sexual role-play off the table as well.
Also I just don't like the idea of partners being this controlling (oking what you write on the internet?
She is defensive, but agrees.
She's clearly sexually connecting with her role play partners.
What you're doing now isn't controlling.
