Original Response:
Nice! The best part to me was that each hanger was:

* Signed with the name of a verifiable voter with a return address in Maine, 
* Listed with community group affiliations and leadership positions, and
* FEC records that show that they’re not just community activists, but also big time donors and bundles

Sen. Collins has her eyes on the governorship in Maine and knowing that each of the coat hangers is tied to an actual Maine voter is *exactly* the sort of thing that will get her attention.
[removed]
The only kind of logic that will make corrupt fucking politicians understand how corrupt they are.
Or provide evidence of each individual that pledges to use blackmail against an United States Senators vote.
What?  What's fucked up there?  

I'm genuinely baffled.  I may be dense, but I'm not being an ass.
US politican logic. If they want to win an election they need votes and money. It's pretty straightforward.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Blackmail? I want to hear this one.
Sorry, how is it blackmail to not support someone who hates you for having a vagina?
How is it blackmail? If she supports Kavanaugh, they’re essentially saying they won’t vote for her? That’s literally how politics works. (Well, is supposed to work.) You vote for the candidate that you feel best represents your interests. You determine if they best represent your interests by things like what they say, how they vote, and what they support. If you disagree, you don’t vote for them.
They’re supposed to represent us, dumbass.
Hello I am the dictionary bot,


It seems you have used a word with no understanding of its meaning, in an effort to attack an ideological opponent. 


Let me help:

Blackmail (n) - demanding money from a person in return for not revealing compromising or injurious information about that person.
[removed]
What is indecent about reminding those who represent us that we cannot go back?
How is it tasteless or indecent? Seems pretty harmless to me, and less disruptive than a physical protest too. Coat hanger abortions are certainly not cute or pleasant but it's the reality being decided upon here so I don't see how people should be expected to not make a point of it?
Be advised that this person posts on r/greatawakening

They're a member of the Q anon cult - advise you downvote and disengage.
[deleted]
Yeah, it's so tasteless to talk about the very real ramifications of this decision. We're all supposed to refrain from mentioning these things so the peoplewho vote for it aren't distressed by the results of their actions.
Where does he say that?
What even is that I don't get it at all.
It's "tasteless". 
You know what's more than tasteless? Wanting to allow more more people who need/want abortions to die/get seriously hurt because of your own personal beliefs and money.
No, you don't understand.  Civility is the most important thing.  Look how civil Obama was with the Republicans, and how cooperative that made them.  That's also why Trump was elected, because of his civility.
Haven't you heard?  Blackmail now includes telling someone that their actions could have consequences.  I learned this from my teenager.
[removed]
"Representatives" look up what that means.

While youre at it tell your troll coordinator its a really dumb angle hes running
People that think someone privy to secret info is sending coded messages via the internet to tell online Trump supporters that Trump and Mueller are really working together to destroy Washington pedophile rings.
Yeah, he was real civil when he was calling Mexicans rapists and making fun of people with disabilities. Quit acting like you're some sort of saint because you're being "civil".
I think they were being sarcastic
[deleted]
This isn't about opening her eyes to her own corruption.  It's about making it crystal clear that her future aspirations could be impacted by this decision.  And then letting her decide what is in her best interest.  Its just another form of bribery.
/r/whooosh
Politicians aren't "bribed" by their constituents. They are selected by the people to represent them. If the people choose someone else because Collins failed to represent their interests, she cannot then complain that she was extorted at her job of being a representative.
[deleted]
Really though. Did the smarter ones quit or something? Their logic is running on fumes more so than usual.
Lmao 

The GOP has cared about voter stances on guns and abortion since when? They are small potato donors to their Super PAC's that fund the Republican Senate Caucus. 

It's like y'all don't realize the GOP is run on Super PAC's.
Its a fascinating subject.
I was researching nation state/corporate trolls even before Trump.

Most people are nearly defenceless against them because they use proven psyops techniques.
You're failing to realize that all politicians get antzy when it comes to their careers possibly ending prematurely.
This is the defeatist reaction that we can't afford at this time. 

Activism is still important and it matters 

If she goes on to vote affirm him, the people who participated in this can say they tried to change the course. That in and itself is something.

They can have their Super PACs, we will have our fight and keep our conscious
I agree activism is important. Absolutely. 

But live in reality. 

That being said 840k does pay for a hell of a lot of staff and targeted mail and digital.
[deleted]
I don't see anything in her comment pretending that Democrats are any better.
[removed]
You, as a private citizen, are literally unable to bribe your politicians. You elect them to represent you, and in return, they are expected to follow through on their campaign promises and act in the best interests of their constituents.

Bribery is done by corporate interests and PACs, not citizens.
One would presume that those sending coat hangers to Sen. Collins would be donating to her opponent.
Thanks.

All I am saying is that we should continue with the fight even if the results aren't tangible or immediate

The alternate is to do nothing. In that case, we are truly doomed and deserve everything they shove up our asses
Idiots less than 20 women died because this sort of abortion,not millions . Stop spreading BS
Excuse me
?
As in... Excuse me WHAT?? As in, that is absolutely absurd!
It is. But unfortunately a lot of people would rather believe that Trump plays 4d chess with political strategy than believe they’ve been duped.
[removed]
[removed]
How about extortion a$$hole bot!
Ya, that's how it's supposed to work but when you flood their office with threats and try to extort their vote that's entirely different.
Telling a senator that an issue is important enough to you that it will effect whether or not you vote for them is neither a threat nor extortion.
Let me help:

Extortion (n) - the practice of obtaining something through threats.
...
But not voting for someone != extortion, that is democracy.
[removed]

Summary:
What even is that I don't get it at all.
You determine if they best represent your interests by things like what they say, how they vote, and what they support.
Civility is the most important thing.
You know what's more than tasteless?
But not voting for someone != extortion, that is democracy.
You vote for the candidate that you feel best represents your interests.
They are selected by the people to represent them.
That in and itself is something.
That's also why Trump was elected, because of his civility.
"Representatives" look up what that means.
I want to hear this one.
