Original Response:
[deleted]
ok, I'll be that guy and ask the important questions . . .

A) why do you sleep with your vape?  and in your pocket no less?

and

B) what do you sleep in that has pockets?

Beyond pure amazement and curiosity at that statement, I sure hope you at least have it turned off otherwise I'd hate to read about you dying in your sleep after being burned to death from a vape malfunction.
So, the way my bed is set up, the head and side are against the wall. My GF sleeps on the other side, so there's really no place for a side table. I thought about putting a strong magnet on my wall, but I'd need to get a strong magnet on my vape too. I vape during movies in my room which I watch in bed as well, so unless I kept the vape all the way at my feet and would have to crawl over my GF to get to it, I think keeping it at the top of my bed is the easiest place for it. I don't sleep in anything that has pockets, I meant during the day the liquid leaks through my pockets. I do keep the vape off when in my pocket and in my bed. I've been scared of that as well, I just don't have a solution yet, which is kinda why I came here.
Lol I've never heard of someone sleeping with their vape. Just put it on a cabinet and walk a few feet out of bed to grab it. I'd be way too paranoid to have it next to my body while sleeping.
I appreciate the insight into your situation.

Unfortunately, I don't have a solution you are looking for.

If it were me, I'd move the bed far enough out from the wall to have a small, skinny night stand to use even if I had to build it myself or Macgyver it.

Or hell even a shelf attached to the wall on your side, then you don't even have to move the bed out.

As for your pocket, close the airflow which will help a lot and you can get drip tip covers that can staunch any outflow from that area as well.

Hope this helps, and thanks for taking my somewhat facetious question seriously.  :)
Hmm perhaps I'm more addicted than the average user? Lol I never thought I was, but I love having my vape right there when I'm in bed. When I can't sleep, I can take a hit, or right when I wake up, or when I'm watching movies in bed. I honestly would hate to have to crawl over my GF out of bed just to take a hit. It's not super easy for me to crawl in and out of bed.
Oh I love hitting my vape a bunch before bed as well, perfect send off for sleep and lately I've been waking up at 5am and I'll chain vape a bit then go back to bed. But I'd be worried about the worst case scenario, what if something was to happen like a battery venting while in bed with you. I'd rather have the thing burn up a cabinet than myself. I'd consider a cheap night stand, I've got a desk next to my bed I'll put the vape on if I want it close by.
Yeah, I really do appreciate chain vaping before bed and in the middle of the night. Such greats rips. I actually looked into the battery exploding and it seemed the consensus was there's such a small chance of that, that I don't need to worry about it. There's been a handful of vapes exploding though, so maybe I do need to worry. The thing is, the battery exploding is dangerous at any time of day. I don't sleep on it, it's usually well above my head. What's the difference of keeping a vape by my bed and keeping a phone in my pocket all day?  At the time I guessed that keeping the phone in the pocket was much more dangerous and you can't get away from it. I'll probably use Velcro to have it attach to my wall, or will put up a cabinet.
The chance is definitely incredibly low, but with it in bed there's always the possibility of juice leaking or something else messing with it. Again such a small possibility but no one ever believes they'll be the statistic. But a cell phone battery doesn't exactly compare to our 18650 batteries. At least try to turn it off, with my luck I'd roll onto it and make it fire off while I slept haha.
Yeah. Now I'm a bit worried. Dammit. I used to sleep like a baby with it lol I'll just Velcro it to my wall I suppose
It's not like this is a huge possibility, just something to keep in mind. Velcro to the wall could work, just make sure it's strong. But really a little night stand or shelf seems easiest. Something cheap to place the phone and vape on maybe.

Summary:
I do keep the vape off when in my pocket and in my bed.
A) why do you sleep with your vape?
I don't sleep on it, it's usually well above my head.
and

B) what do you sleep in that has pockets?
Yeah, I really do appreciate chain vaping before bed and in the middle of the night.
