Original Response:
It’s been about 2 years since the last time I did this, and much has changed for me - both physically, emotionally, life in general. I figured it would be a good time for an updated AMA, especially since there’s many people who couldn’t ask their questions years ago!    

I posted [this](https://i.imgur.com/yKq8Pee.jpg) picture recently as an updated photo comparison with no makeup, to give the best example of how subtle changes in the face can make all of the difference in how you’re perceived! But [here](https://i.imgur.com/dQx6P5j.jpg) is a comparison with day to day makeup.

If the mods require more proof just let me know, but you can see through my extensive post history and my AMA in my submission history that I am who I say I am. So ask away! What is it that you want to know about trans people that you might have been afraid to ask otherwise? Or just questions you have in general!    

Edit: and a [body](https://imgur.com/a/Mf30dLu) comparison.         

Edit 2: I’m answering questions as fast as I can but every time I answer one, 3 more pop up! Be patient as I’m trying to get to as many people as I can, and also see if I answered your question already!     

Edit: I’ve got 400+ unread messages in my inbox pls bare with me omg     

Edit: gonna take a break as I’ve been doing this for hours but I’ll answer more questions I promise!
Would you consider the US military justified in not placing trans people on the combat line due to the need to take HRT drugs?   I know they won't allow diabetics on the front line for the same reason.

I guess what I'm really asking here is if it's true that you become a little unstable if you go off the HRT drugs?
I think it depends...I can see the concern as being if someone loses access to HRT, will they be a liability? Personally it does not hurt me physically, there have been periods where I missed s month due to a lapse in prescription and while I was anxious, I was still able to function day to day. It takes a long time for HRT to change your body and it takes a long time for the effects to be reversed as well, mission a month is just a drop in the ocean of time. Also there are people that just take a shot and they’re good for the month, or have slow-release pellets under their skin. They should never have an issue in the field.
I was thinking more the standard, which is to be stuck at a FOB for 6 months at a time without access to prescription meds outside of sometimes getting a mail drop, but it seems that going off HRT is not as extreme as I was led to believe.
Is there any reason why they could not simply bring 6 months worth of prescriptions with them? Idk how it works obviously but they’re pretty small pills...and no it’s not that extreme for me, I obviously can’t speak for anyone else though.
[deleted]
I guess there probably wouldn't be any problem provided they didn't have to be refrigerated.

Thanks!
There is a kind of testosterone that some trans men take (Nebido) that only needs to be injected once every few months. And it's not a big deal if the shot is late. A trans man in the military could bring two doses with him, which would last him at least half a year. I think the general public has been mislead as to how much "upkeep" is involved with HRT. 

This is NOTHING like having type 1 diabetes, which requires rigorous daily monitoring and even one day without insulin could cause the person to go into a coma or worse.
I think the concern with the military was more that someone would sign up for 2 years and then immediately after basic get reassignment surgery on the military's dime and be out of commission for a year to 18 months afterward.
Last I heard: This rule only applies to the dose modification period. For all US military service-members, psych drugs, thyroid medicine, and HRT makes them non-deployable for the first 3-6 months until they are on a stable dose and can be without specialty appointments during deployment. There is a current practice where prescription medication does not prevent deployment. The one thing the military is trying to prevent is instability and loss of function that could affect the overall mission.

I have met a number of FTM service members who have remained on testosterone while on deployment. The military insurance, however, does not routinely cover bottom surgeries.

Returning to the medications though: One situation I have not experienced or heard anecdotally is that of a special forces member deploying with medication requiring refrigeration.

Otherwise, the gestalt is that the military needs deployable bodies right now, so these type of rules are flexible.

EDIT: fixed spelling
I spent a lot of time on FOBs in the middle of nowhere.

Assuming pills (vs injections), HRT is pretty simple from a logistics perspective.  Plenty of folks at FOBs in the middle of nowhere take daily meds, and even a larger percentage plan for and bring a supply of daily weightlifting supplements while deployed.  The logistics of HRT are not a sufficient reason to justify exclusion.

Check out the medical requirements for deployment and see how many times it says, "Individualized assessment required."  [https://www.tam.usace.army.mil/Portals/53/docs/UDC/medical-disqualifiers.pdf](https://www.tam.usace.army.mil/Portals/53/docs/UDC/medical-disqualifiers.pdf)

This means you talk to your doctor, your treatment plan is evaluated, and if it can be safely done in a way that doesn't compromise your health or put others around you at risk (eg, certain seizure disorders) you can deploy.  No reason you can't add HRT. For certain deployments, for certain individuals, in certain conditions, it may not be advisable. But I don't think you can justifiably say, "Any individual taking HRT should not deploy."

Again, having deployed, I want the most qualified, talented, capable people to my right and left. If someone is an awesome linguist, or radio operator, or tank driver, or helicopter pilot, and they can manage their business, I want them with me.  There are a lot of people who suck at their jobs (example: navigators who get lost).  To exclude people or reduce the pool of people from whom to pick the best navigators/pilots/machine gunners (for example) doesn't make sense.
They always gave us however much we’d need for a year, including psych meds but taking Effexor for managing highs and lows is probably a lot different from other thing. Hell, they have my buddy a 15 month supply of Adderall at one point.
In these instances I always feel like people need to wait to see if it becomes an actual problem before making rules to prevent things that might not ever happen 🙄
SPOILER ALERT: it's not an actual problem
No, see, that's *logical*.
[deleted]
I think it's more than the current administration doesn't think trans people should exist.  But they're desperately groping for some reason that they can blame instead.  Maybe it'll be medical costs.  Maybe it'll be that they need medication.  Maybe it'll be that they'll "out of commission."  But all of these excuses are just that, excuses to justify their beliefs that trans people shouldn't exist.
If we're being real the Admin probably doesn't give a shit either way they just need a pot to stir.
Well you can put a years supply of estrogen in your typical prescription bottle because they're pretty small. Someone that doesn't get their pills for a month isn't going to turn into a raging lunitic but they might start to feel a bit uncomfortable after a week or two. It's not great for the treatment as it delays it but it isn't going to kill someone.
Were the only developed Western nation out of like 19 leading ones that don't do this. Israel has had Trans troops for over 2 decades at this point. It's doable and isn't really that big of a deal.
19 Western nation's already have Trans Troops. Israel has had them for over 2 decades now. It's not a big deal at all and the logistics have already been proven to work by 19 other nations.
how you are feeling? This world is a mess right now especially towards lgbt community. I'm queer and find myself facing off with other queer folks who totally dismiss trans folk. How in the world do you navigate a world like that? It gets frustrating fending off cis normative anti lgbt bs but it's even more exhausting hearing the same rhetoric from lgb folks.
To be honest I don’t really deal with it...I don’t run in LGBT circles, music is my main hobby and the focus of my life so trans stuff never comes up in my life. I actively try and avoid anything like that because it’s too hard to navigate it lmao. I have gay/bi friends but we don’t really talk about stuff like that...it’s just very easy to talk about whoever we’re dating without having to feel weird about it I guess? Otherwise it’s just not a focus.
How do you feel about the people who talk about that stuff every day and hang out with only non-cis gendered people?
If it makes you happy then do it, I don’t care! As long as no one is being hurt, I don’t care what people do as long as they’re happy.    

However I will say that your world view is supremely limited if you only associate with people just like you. That’s why I have friends from all walks of life.
I asked that because I worry for my sister in law. Almost all her friends are non binary people who almost constantly seem to bring up gender when I’m around them at least. I worry it’s a damaging behaviour and have no idea how I could ever help.  I feel like if I talked about personality disorders as much as they talk about gender I’d be miserable too, but maybe I thought you could offer some insight or tell me it’s different and I’m being silly. 

I agree with everything you said.
I dunno why this got a lot of downvotes. It's a perfectly reasonable question, and an issue that's been discussed within the LGBTQ community. I'm sure a lot of queer people wouldn't mind an answer from somebody with experience navigating the situation.
It's because when any post regarding trans people reaches the front page the TERFs and Nazis come out in force.
Crazy to see a mentally ill individual try to type a sentence. Fascinating.
I'm sorry? Have I said anything offensive? Im not sure why you feel the need to be rude.  Smh it's a bit tiring being a troll, yeah?
Crazy to see a mentally ill individual try to type out a sentence. Fascinating
Pretty much
[removed]
One of the very few questions I’m not going to answer, sorry
Its ok. If your not comfortable than you have no obligation 2 answr
Rude af
Nah I am just interested. no rude intendef
How big are your tits?
I feel there was a more respectful way of asking at least.
36FF. I'll sell yoi full nudes for $20 a pop.
What is that way do you suggesting?
It wasn't a legit question anyway. Just a dumb ass.
Maybe something less abrasive is all...
"I am curious since you kept your penis how large is it?"

Being so blunt just comes off as a little off putting and almost gives me a fetishistic vibe.

"how bigs your cock?" Ewww.
Luckily he wasn't asking you, so there's that.
You single?
Why would anyone ever buy nudes online? Google is a thing ya know.... or porn sites?

Anyway, your question was still incredibly rude for an AMA such as this.
No my girlfriend has me taken
[removed]
Yeah it's not like they signed up for (literally) invasive questions or anything.
You do realise this is a troll account / man right? I’m multiple posts he’s said he’s a man, and if youcheck post history, just a massive troll
[deleted]
Support the free market brah!
Cry about it. You cant tell people how to act. If you think its rude. Thats your problem.
So not really an AMA is it?  More of a ask me what I want to answer.
Its "your" you daft cunt.
U mad?
No not mad. Just stating facts. 

But thanks for your concern.
Free sample or GTFO.
But based on your comments on this AMA it appears you sure have your panties in a bunch over people asking questions on an AMA that you don’t like or hurt your feelings. 

So I guess I should be asking. 

U mad?
Girth of that pecker?
So it's ok when you tell trans people to stop crying trans, but not when we call y'all out for being dicks? Gotcha
[deleted]
If you’re not comfortable you don’t have to answer wtf is his thread on crack?
Technically it says Ask me Anything, it's not guaranteed they will answer every question. I'm pretty sure that if you asked the majority of possessors of genitals of the penile variety on AMA about the size of their equipment they would decline to answer
[deleted]
[deleted]
Thanks, English is my four language so I forget or mix up the rules. i appreciate the correction.
Daft? I speak four languages hihi
[deleted]
With my boyfriend being a nurse, this question came up alot in his schooling, but when you go to a doctor do you tell them what gender you were at birth?

He's told me with certain medications and the like, the dosage completely depends on stuff "not visible on the outside" so to speak.

Edit: WOW thank you everyone for the answers!
I'm curious about this as well, because I work in the lab, so its trickier for us because we can't see the patient. We are supposed to change the gender of trans patients to "U" (unknown) because it changes the reference values for the lab tests. However it doesn't seem like the best choice if you are face to face with a person like OP who is obviously a woman, so confusion occurs a lot of the time.
Hope this is answered. Such a great question!
Honestly I haven’t gone to a doctor who didn’t already know about my transition because I go to place in my city specifically for LGBT people. So it hasn’t really come up yet.
I think that’s just generally relevant medical history.
[deleted]
You have no idea how different sexes are...
She's been on HRT for four years, so I highly doubt that the sex she was assigned at birth would be medically relevant in any way!
I work in healthcare. Your diagnosis _might_ depend on gender assigned at birth, say in the case of abdominal pain. Ectopic pregnancy and ovarian torsion would be on your differential. A trans woman can specify that they are a woman born without a uterus though, which happens. If you're coming in because you think you have strep throat... it's really not relevant, and nobody would even ask you about such things.

I can't think of any drugs with male vs female dosing. Everything is based on weight, is a standard dose, or is titrated to effect.
On the topic of medical stuff, my daughter is trans and pretty young, but we’re already saving up for blockers/medical intervention if she chooses, has the physical pain of the procedures been a lot? Or is it “worth it” to feel free?
I’m a nurse, and yes, you should. We put it all in your chart and there are some things, surgery or not, that may be different based on what your gender assignment was at birth.
As a transwoman, prostate cancer 🤷🏻‍♀️
Not really an answer though.

I’m not incredulous, but would be curious to hear what meds and tests change.  It’s honestly quite complicated awning, especially as there generally wouldn’t be a large body of trans people to have established relevant metrics with for specific drugs and, physiologically, they would have significant attributes of both sexes.
[deleted]
Ok. As a physician I'd like to know which medications have doses that vary by birth sex? Apart from obvious contraceptives, breast cancer meds and aspirin (there are more obviously), but I'm genuinely curious
Not OP but a trans person with many trans friends. Most of the time meeting with a new doctor or getting ready for a major procedure, they want a level of medical history and what meds you're currently on. If you're on a high dose of T or E that was prescribed to treat gender dysphoria or for gender affirmation, that's a great big neon sign to your provider that you're trans. Trans people have to take said hormones indefinitely, so barring a detransitioning person or nonbinary person who partially transitioned, that information is available to healthcare providers.
&gt;You have no idea how different sexes are...

I do. As above, medications are by weight, standard dose, or titrated for effect. 

Pretty much unless the issue is related to the abdomen or urinary tract, the differences in diagnosis are negligible. Knowing your assigned gender at birth does not help with a broken leg, chest pain, or a headache. The current hormone levels are more relevant.
Each sex is biologically pre-disposed for various health problems, i.e. certain diseases or cancers. So yes, that information is still pertinent.
My hospital and many others have recently addressed this problem in he charting software by having a specific field for sex at birth. It is important to note though because taking hormones can be a factor in your differential. That combined with the physical differences can occasionally make a difference. It also helps with psychological complaints as well. Many trans people have a higher risk of things like anxiety and depression for a variety of reasons, including the out of range hormone levels.
Only thing I can think of would be Ambien, females are supposed to be put on a lower dose than males
Ambien
Not op but I'm MTF as well and been on hrt for 3 years. Most doctors/dentists I've been to have known me since before I transitioned, but the times I've been to urgent care it comes up pretty quick when they ask what the medications I'm taking is for.   Either that or when they ask when my last period was, which has happened to me a few times. Pretty awkward to explain but at the same time it's weirdly flattering.
I haven’t had any procedures so it’s been relatively painful. Except I did injections for estrogen intake at the start, and I’m deathly afraid of needles. Like, I had to have a bit of vodka before I did it every time so I wouldn’t be shaking and hit a vein or anything. Even jus thinking about it and writing about it is making me sweat.    


But that just tells you how badly I wanted to change. I would do anything.
Only those trivial abdomen related medical situations phew
[deleted]
I'm pretty sure that the commenter said "if she choses", which already answered your question?
Zolpidem? Have to say I generally prescribe 5-10mg irregardless of sex.
This is kind of what my girl has expressed, but I thought I’d ask someone who’s been there! We’re still a few years off from any medical intervention beyond just therapy, but I want to be prepared to answer her questions. 
Is there anything that helps when you’re feeling dysphoria really hard? We’ve tried doing crafts, playing outside etc but it just seems to delay it for a little while until she’s upset again. There’s nothing worse than seeing someone you love so unhappy and not being able to make it better. 

❤️thank you for your answer!
Well, if you have abdominal pain or urinary tract issues, then you mention it. If it's strep throat, or a broken leg, you don't. Just like it's not relevant if you're a cis woman with Mullerian agenesis. 

Any patient will mention or not mention things about their medical histories based on their feeling of the situation. Prior heroin addiction, three abortions, hypospadias. Because medicine isn't like House most of the time it really doesn't matter, and the clinician should ask probing questions if there are can't miss diagnoses based on those.
I get this junk all the time and I try to be patient and kind but sometimes it’s not worth acknowledging. My kid is happy, safe and loved beyond measure. ❤️ You’re wonderful, thank you for your kindness!

Sometimes people don’t get whatever it is they’re needing deep down and they lash out.
Yeah women have higher serum concentrations then men for zolpidem. It seems to be metabolized faster in men. Technically the initial dose for females is 5mg IR or 6.25 mg ER, and males it’s 10 and 12.5.
Hm, that is interesting. Kind of a double edged sword, considering the _extraordinary_ [amount of discrimination](https://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/article-when-it-comes-to-health-care-transphobia-persists/) against trans people when they are outed in a healthcare situation.
[deleted]
What a beautiful response. Keep up the kindnesses
You too, friend! Have a most excellent week ahead!
Source? And the BNF (our Med bible) makes no distinction. I rarely give it out anyway, local prescribing rules and addictive potential, but interesting to note.
As soon as you have the medical training and research to back up that opinion, feel free to share.

Until then, keep your bigotry to yourself.
My trans male cousin says the opposite, and I infact do have an education that is capable of disagreeing with that, it once wrote a dissertation all by itself.
FDA website: https://www.fda.gov/drugs/drugsafety/ucm334041.htm

Here’s the study which prompted the FDA to change the product labeling: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5423710/
Do you expect not to get concerned people when you say your 7 year old is trans and you're saving money for transitioning? 
I have a 7 year old girl as well, I couldn't imagine for a second contemplating calling her trans at this age, she's still learning to read for Christ's sake, how is she old enough to consider herself trans? This is a legit question, trying  not to be a jerk
Wanna get real scared? The major children’s hospital in a big city that sees my kid has repeatedly advocated for these treatments to be widely available! Gasp! The horror of respecting people’s rights to control their bodies and have access to medical care that makes that possible! 

So, what exactly is YOUR education, friend? Because the psychologist, developmental pediatrician, General practice pediatrician and endocrinologist have all agreed and surely they’re not all misinformed.

And even though folks like you will scream about how horrible of a parent I am without meeting me or my kiddo, just know- I have had contact with cps. I sometimes help fill in teaching a parenting class. 😘
After hormones my levels seemed off until they switched to the female range.
/u/NSA_IS_SCAPES_DAD is almost certainly just stirring up shit on purpose, I'm sure they boogied back to the_donald or whatever and crowed about triggering some snowflakes.  I've never seen more transphobia than on Reddit.
Ta. Will peruse these in the AM when my 2 week old finally goes to sleep without lying on my chest!
Well you can save money for anything for a child - education, training, gender transition, it doesn't mean it's absolutely going to happen.  But it sure won't happen if they don't have a fund set aside beforehand.
&gt; my daughter is trans and pretty young

I liked Barney when I was young. Good thing my parents didn't permanently tattoo me purple.
&gt; As soon as you have the medical training and research to back up that opinion

I don't believe his alma mater U of East Nowhere Alabama has a medical school.
Well that was a horrifying read.
Yeah, and they said they were "saving money in case". Blockers don't matter at 7 years old because they don't become relevant until early adolescence. There was literally no mention of giving blockers to a seven year old. The only thing the original commenter said was "my child is trans. I'm putting away money in case they need hormonal intervention." That's it. Are we reading the same thread?
Hey! I’m glad you asked in a kind way. 
Those of us who are cisgender don’t really question our gender identity, it matches, why bother, right? 
I’ve always felt female. Nobody had to tell me my gender. How did you know your gender? How old were you when you found out your gender? 

My daughter is only socially transitioned, she wears whatever makes her feel comfortable and has grown her hair out. So, nothing drastic yet although she’s pushing for earrings. I was 9 before I got my ears pierced and I will probably have her wait. 

We knew she was trans because she told us, she told her therapist, she told her doctors and she told her teacher that she was a girl. So, as a concerned mom I took her to a hospital I trust. For us it’s Children’s Mercy. They’re incredible, Paul Rudd does a ton of charity work for them. 

She was evaluated by a psychologist that specializes in gender issues who deemed her as having gender dysphoria, and prescribed a treatment. 
The treatment was allowing her to transition. We followed orders, and went with the flow. She’s so happy these days, and so much more free. It’s awesome!

As far as saving goes, it’s like saving for your kid’s first car. Sure, at 7 driving isn’t a good idea and you’re not car shopping currently but you KNOW you’re kid will be getting older and will probably want to drive. So, you save for a future car. And, if your kid decides that they don’t want to drive? You’ve got a nice chunk of change for college 🤷‍♀️
[deleted]
[deleted]
I figured. I get comments from MRA’s pretty frequently too. 
I get that it’s an unusual notion that someone so young could know themselves so well, but it happens. 🤷‍♀️ I’m just following her doctors’ advice and doing my best to be a good, supportive parent!
You're a great parent!
Thank you, I have great kids!
God forbid I let my kid pick their clothes and hairstyle.
Keep on being a great parent and **** the haters.
I would love to read that! Do you have a link?
Oh, I see! You can’t read! Well, bless your heart! 

Nobody is giving a 7 year old blockers. I started a savings account for my child’s future medical needs.
Major medical organizations...or "science" as you call it disagree with your uneducated opinion. So yeah you're just a bigot.

You're just projecting calling people retarded dumbass.
Will do! Thank you friend ❤️
Life must be very difficult with such a marked inability to process nuance.
If they're 7, they're not getting blockers. They are nowhere near puberty. They have a good four years to see if their child desists. Until then you allow social transition. Once they are on blockers those can be stopped at any time and puberty resumed with no ill effects. People are "late bloomers" naturally without lasting damage. Estrogen or testosterone is typically added later in teenage years if they do not desist.

These arguments all rest on the same premise: that if a child is cis and is put on blockers, it is a tragedy. If a child is trans and is denied them, no harm is done. Trans lives are just valued less. Going through the wrong puberty, cis or trans, is awful.
Just because you choose to label your bigoted opinions as science, with no evidence or knowledge to back it up, doesn't mean it's true.

Like I said, if you want to show some education and legitimate scientific research, I'm sure the World Health Organization, American Medical Association, American Psychiatric Association, American Academy of Pediatrics, Endocrine Society, and American College of Obstetrics and Gynecologists would all love to see it.
Ffs, that nurse went out of her way to be a dick to that woman. How do you think it's appropriate to look up someone's dead name and use it?! I can see asking if shes been admitted under any other name before, to get the info from that admission, but when a patient tells you their name, use it!
To my knowledge it's still only a potential risk without many if any confirmed cases. Especially if you're talking about people who transition young.
And most of those predispositions are dictated by hormones.  Its relevant sometimes but not always. Trans people are like intersex cases here.
[deleted]
Is that to do with weight though? Because then do men of smaller stature also get lower doses?
When the fuck did DharmaCrumbs ever say anything about carrying through these medical procedures on a 7-year-old?

Are you just pretending to be an idiot to get a reaction from these people? If so, you're quite convincing. 👏
Men seem to have faster metabolism of the drug then women. So less of a volume of distribution thing because of weight, more of an enzyme levels thing.
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
I wonder if that's based on birth sex or hormones, though? Trans women are more medically similar to cis women than to cis men, when it comes to most medications, because trans (on hrt) women and cis women have very similar hormones.
To be honest I’m not sure how HRT medications might change enzyme levels in the body!
My niece has been begging to get her ears pierced, and my sister finally let her at 7. She took her to a respectable tattoo/piercing parlor. It went great, and my niece is really happy. https://imgur.com/ThS4GDH.jpg
When I was seven, I was not ready to be making life-altering choices.  Hell, even when I was fifteen I wasn't ready to be making those calls.

Giving your child developmental blockers because they think they're trans is incredibly reckless.
Um, you really can’t read. 

I can try again, because I’m a Christian and I believe in helping the less fortunate. 

My kid is 7. She is trans. She has transitioned socially at the recommendation of her doctors. This includes being called by a name and pronouns that make her feel secure, letting her pick her clothes and hair styles. I have opened a savings account to cover any future medical needs she may choose to address.
Sounds like you're reinforcing gender stereotypes. If they're just picking their clothes and hairstyle, what makes them "trans" and not just a child wanting to wear what is traditionally girls clothing and hair? 
You could well be influencing them into thinking they want to be another gender, when all they want is to wear different clothing.
How very cute! We’re working on responsibility at the moment and she just got a cat. If she keeps up her hardwork at school and as a pet owner, she might get her ears done for her birthday this year! I’m just hesitant to get them done until I can trust that she can take care of them.
[Did](https://genderanalysis.net/2018/04/new-study-hormone-therapy-appears-to-be-safe-in-trans-youth/) [you](https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/puberty-blockers-may-improve-mental-health-transgender-adolescents) [even](https://www.nature.com/news/largest-ever-study-of-transgender-teenagers-set-to-kick-off-1.19637) [look?](https://www.hrc.org/blog/new-study-supports-puberty-blockers-for-transgender-youth)
What is the life-altering choice? The seven year old is not starting blockers. The seven year old does not need blockers. Seven year olds don't take blockers.

Are you referring to a seven year old being trans? If so, she doesn't seem to be altering her life, due to the fact that she is seven, and has been raised by parents who support her gender expression. She's literally just living her life.
The period question can be pretty fun (for certain values of fun) sometimes for anyone on hormone affecting meds. I'm afab, and on the nexplanon implant - I get maybe 3 or 4 incredibly random periods a year and have been that way for maybe 5 years, before which I didn't have a period for about 2 years (the first 2 I was on nex) and before that I wasn't on anything but was still super inconsistent.

Any time I get a new provider I explain the story and ask them to leave a note in the file so that I don't need to re-explain until I go somewhere new. There's always that moment of getting to play with them when they ask for a date and I say "oh, March of this year" without batting an eye. You can see them gear up to the pregnancy talk because the teen rates in my area are way high and I look young for mid-20s.
Even though it's been pointed out multiple times already, they don't have their 7 year old on blockers. How many times do you have to be told that?
The gender dysphoria as diagnosed by a psychologist, pediatrician, therapist and developmental pediatric doctor is what makes her trans. 
I have complete trust in my kiddos medical providers and in my child’s ability to convey her feelings, wants and needs. 

Have you ever tried to put a male child in a dress? Of course not because it would be traumatic. Right? 

My kid has the same reaction if she is in “boy” clothes. Her cousin mentioned cutting gum out of her hair and she cried because people might think she’s a boy. She’s a little girl. 🤷‍♀️
So, have you talked with your spouse about the possibility that your daughter may grow up and realize they're not trans, but you allowed a child to make the decision to take developmental blockers, and now they're in a very difficult situation?

Allowing a *child* to make life-altering decisions like that just strikes me as being incredibly reckless.  Children aren't able to make decisions this important.
Taking blockers when the time comes.  They have to be started before adulthood, no?

I have no problem with a child identifying as anything, and their parents encouraging that.

I do have a problem with allowing children to decide to take medications that will permanently alter their physiology.
She’s not taking blockers, I started a savings account. 

Her dad is on board and frequently buys her lots of frilly girl stuff. She loves him and is the biggest daddy’s girl. 

When did you choose your gender? How old were you when you were allowed to decide? In your opinion, why should I trust you over the American Psychological Association, The WHO, American Academy of Pediatrics or her doctors?
[deleted]
[deleted]
fyi, theres lgbt subreddits and trans subreddits who i bet would be more than willing to help you out forquestions that pop up in the future.
I feel like a winner. I can have religion and respect for others. Is t_d boring today? 

Edit: so, perhaps you’re not a t_d sort of person, you share anger and hate everywhere. Why do you think you’re so angry? Have you thought about seeing a therapist? I’m sorry your parents failed you. But, I am not willing to reinforce your negative behaviors with attention any longer. I would suggest maybe thinking on what negative attention from strangers on the internet is desirable for you. Good luck, and know that it gets better but you have to work at it.
Yeah, makes sense that certain birth controls make it a funny question to answer for cis women too. The first time I got asked I was caught off guard and said I've never had one before pausing to choose how to elaborate on why. The look on the nurses face before I explained I'm transgender was pretty priceless lol.
I can definitely use that! I’m always looking to learn!
Sorry, what is afab?
Preparing to do something in the future is not the same as doing it now. They're simply saving money so that when their daughter is ready to make the decision, they can afford it. How do you not understand that?
You're all over this thread asking for sources, yet when I post multiple ones, you stop replying.

I wonder why that is.
Not letting them take the blockers is *just* as much a choice as letting them do it. It's certainly a hard decision but ultimately I think that listening to your kid will usually be the right call.
[deleted]
If a child chooses something ,you just let them do it? If my son chooses to handle a loaded gun do I just fucking do it or do I become a parent?
[deleted]
Not OP, but I can answer this. Yes I do, because it is important in medical care. It can get troublesome when medical professionals think everything is caused by being on hormones.
Your 7 year old can't read?
assigned female at birth
from the anectodal stuff i've heard from doctor friends, kids often know very VERY early, and their feelings are consistent from day to day.

when this is the case, doctors recommend social transition as soon as reasonably possible, rather than forcing them to remain their birth gender. So it looks like you're doing everything right. 

I've only known 2 trans people in my life, but they knew very early on and never changed their mind.

obviously the you and the doctors you work with are going to know way more than some internet commenter.

anyway, keep it up!
You're being disingenuous when you pretend it's a choice the child is making on their own. It is made with the advisement and under the supervision of multiple trained medical professionals.

Take the time to do research before repeating your hateful talking points.
Oh ok, thanks
So are your breasts natural or are you using something external to fill things out?
Quite ironic here. my first thought after your first response was that YOU were just an angry christian nutter. Then come to find out, the kind woman you are harassing is not only the christian, but is also actually carrying herself in a christ like manner. Even after you devolved into name calling and personal attacks. 

You have some real issues attacking this lady for trying to relate. You do realize YOURE IN A THREAD ABOUT A TRANS WOMAN, right?
r/asktransgender has a lot of information and links to other subreddits that might help you and her in her life.
[deleted]
I'm not being hateful, this isn't about whether it's okay to be trans or not, it's about accountability and the fact that it's been accepted by society since forever that children are not able to make decisions the same way adults do.

Edit:  Further, calling me "hateful" is doing nothing but shutting down a legitimate discussion.

Studies have shown that children that present with gender dysphoria sometimes change their mind and embrace their cis gender later in life.  And this isn't an infrequent occurrence.

I'm not here to try and discredit the legitimacy of gender dysphoria, or say that trans people (including children) are bad.

But given the above, allowing children to take puberty blockers when we still don't fully understand the long-term physiological outcomes is irresponsible.
[deleted]
I've always been a cis male, but this isn't about me.  Part of the problem is that most kids grow out of gender dysphoria.

The science on this is still relatively new.  If the medical community can come to a consensus on the 100% reversibility of puberty-blockers should the child change their mind, I won't have an issue with it.
I honestly don't know. I'm not the nurse. I'm just relaying what he off-handedly mentioned 3 years ago.
No, I listen to and want the best for children. The way you’re coming at this issue, it’s like you think being transgender is as bad as suicide or accidental death.
Many children have a firm idea of their gender by common puberty age. Also, kids don’t just up and start blockers. It’s a supervised process that takes years. Do you know anything about children or childhood development? Puberty permanently alters physiology, as does hrt. Blockers literally just delay puberty from beginning.
See the complicating factor here is trans women's "insides" aren't male either. Hormones change everything. Aside from bone structure, I'd say regarding pharmaceuticals, trans women are closer to cis women than cis men.
How old is your daughter and how do you know she is trans?
They don’t. It takes years, lots of medical and psychological checks, and parental consent for an adolescent to start hormone blockers.
I can tell that you didn't actually read any of them except to find a way to discredit them. I know that because the first source links directly to the study cited (but that's a few paragraphs in, and reading is hard for stupid bigots).

The PBS article also links multiple scientific studies supporting their argument.

The third one I included to disprove your point here:

&gt;I'm sure they don't need to see it considering not a single one of them has published a white paper condoning the long term effect of the use of hormone blockers on 7 year old child

You discredit the fourth one because it only looked at emotional health, but never specified anything about physical v.s. emotional.

Beyond that, those were found with five minutes on Google, and I looked them up mostly to show you were full of shit saying nobody had researched it. I'm certain my short amount of time is far more research you've ever put into justifying your hate.

I hope no trans person has to ever deal with your bigotry, and I hope no intelligent person has to ever deal with your stupidity.
[deleted]
Read your own comments, idiot.

&gt;Please link a single white paper stating that the long term effects of hormonal blockers on 7 year old children are good.  

Where have they stated they're giving their child hormone blockers? I'm not arguing with you on whether or not letting their child act a certain way is right (even though I do think their following the medical professionals' advice is the right way to go). I'm just pointing out that you keep making a point that nobody else is arguing. They're not giving their 7 year old child hormone blockers, from what I saw they only plan on having the funds ready for when she can make the decision, and yet for some reason you keep saying they are and asking for proof that it's the right thing to do. So again, check your own reading comprehension before attacking mine.
Where's the line though? Kids are pretty stupid after all. I'm very pro trans but I've always struggled with this, how do you let a kid make such a big decision?
Parents like you give me hope. &lt;3
Physical pain? There is no physical pain w/regards to blockers or HRT. And as a trans woman, even if there were, yes. Any amount of pain would be worth it. Not transitioning isn't an option, it's not something that can be healthily suppressed. The reason our suicide statistics are so high is largely staying closeted or not being accepted.
Should people not start saving for their kid's college when the child is 7 either? It may be expensive; saving now is just smart.
[deleted]
Wow you're all really great parent, thank you.

As far as alleviating dysphoria, really depends on what kind. But I'd recommend asking her therapist about "mindfulness"
So then let's put all children on puberty blockers. After all, wouldn't want some kids growing up not knowing they're trans, and accidentally ruining their body with testosterone or estrogen. They can make the decision to be cis or trans once they reach eighteen.

If that sounds unpleasant to you, congratulations, you're transphobic. Because that shows that you don't care if trans kids have wait to be who they are, but you do care if they aren't transgender.
Natural
[deleted]
Did you not see who their parent is?
A bit off topic, but I just have to say it’s nice to see parents being so supportive of their kids decision, and even more so with helping finance it. 

I personally don’t agree with transitioning, but if my child was; I’d sure as shit be backing them on their choice.
There's gotta be some confirmation bias though right? You're not gonna hear about the 20 year old guy who had fleeting thoughts about being a girl when he was 7.
[deleted]
Homie, you've repeatedly chosen to ignore the scientific studies cited within the articles I linked. You did that because you're a bigot and are afraid of finding out your hate isn't based in fact. 

I'm not going to continue replying to you if your only response is to double down on your baseless and bigoted claims. I suggest you use reality to form your opinions, instead of your feels.
Most of your comment is great, but not all trans people take hormones. Some trans people can’t and some trans people don’t want to. Transition is different for everyone. 

Nonbinary people are not “partially transitioned” either, nonbinary transitions are as varied as binary transitions. Some people use varying levels of HRT, some people don’t. Some people have surgeries, some people don’t.
My point is that you are making the same decision either way. The decision to let them or not is equally life-altering. This eliminates the false position that you are "simply not letting them make that choice yet" because no matter what you are making a choice. What that choice is has to based on how well you know your child, the opinions of the parents, the opinions of doctors both medical and psychologists, and any other factors. I'm not saying that every parent of a child who believes they are trans should allow them to go on blockers (though I believe percentage wise more should than shouldn't) I'm saying that you can't just say "no" and then pretend like you aren't making just as big of a decision than if you say "yes."
Source please
[deleted]
Regardless...irregardless isn't a word, just FYI.
Access to blockers would have saved me a lot of heartache and suicide attempts. (I am perfectly alright these days, by the way.) These private medical decisions are between this girl, her parents, and her doctors.
All opinions aside, I work in the foster system. Legally that is not child abuse, no matter how you personally feel about it.
&gt;most kids grow out of gender dysphoria.

citation needed, because no
Just remember, if you repeat your opinions enough, they automatically become reality. Science isn't real, facts aren't real. Only your preconceived opinions are true.
YOUR USERNAME
If you're that concerned about children not being removed enough, you should meet with some foster parents in your area. They can tell you about the system that is overflowing with children suffering horrific things. A parent who can semi function with a drug addiction is still miles ahead of the parents most of my caseload got stuck with.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Dang.  That was lucky.
[deleted]
I know. It's just... cruelty. It was not for any patient care reason. She did it for her own enjoyment.
Her endocrinologist suggested we think about her options way ahead of time and mentioned the implant for blockers. I just didn’t know how sore it was after the procedure, and I wanna be fully prepared. I have trans friends who are adults but, I feel like it’s an invasive thing to ask about unless they specifically invited me to do so. 

I want to make sure she has everything she could possibly need financially to ensure she has access to good and safe medical care as she gets older. 

Thank you for your sincere andkind response! ❤️
So you have a PhD in math, but don't understand conditional statements? I said I wouldn't reply if you just doubled down. You did more than that, so I replied to mock you. It's pretty simple.

But they don't teach you how to parse comments that complex at Lying On the Internet University.
No one is giving blockers to 7 year olds, that was literally never ever mentioned, except by you. Not like you actually give a shit anyway since you’re just here trolling.
Thank you for the tip! We’ll be asking about mindfulness at this weeks session!
Thank you!
Except you keep implying that their daughter is currently on hormone blockers. Have you seen any comments where they specifically said they were doing that?
You deserve hope ❤️ thank for for being kind!
Yeah for real that was all I got out of that too...kids should be able to read by 7 right? I know I was reading by 5 at least.
[deleted]
You’ve never met someone who transitioned after adulthood? 
I’ve met 40 year old people who lived life as a man for nearly half a century before being ready to transition.
Wow, I was skeptical of allowing a child do something like that but this comment really opened my eyes and it makes more sense why you would address her condition in that way. Thanks for explaining!
Exactly, and suppressing dyphoria is definitely not the same as growing out of it.
Thank you for being willing to see another side of things! This response is what drives me to be open and answer questions. You just made the world a safer place. 
Have a great week ahead, friend!
So...you would only support us if you had a stake in the situation? Kinda underhanded there.
I disagree that this fits the definition of shitty.
Because it isn't legally abuse, that means everything you're whining about is just your opinion of the law. I and obviously the majority of this thread think you're in the wrong. You're convincing no one.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ugh, against my better judgment, I am interjecting to again explain that I simply started a savings account to ensure any future medical costs my child has will be covered. We are also following our doctors’ orders as far as allowing her to dress in what feels right, decide her hairstyle and respected her wishes in being called “she/sister/newname” 
But, our very stable genius u/NSA_is_scapes_dad has had some trouble with reading/comprehension. 

Again, why you so angry, NSA? I don’t understand the fascination you have with this. I would encourage you to volunteer if you were this passionate about children’s safety/rights, but your post history indicates you’re obtuse and angry frequently and without provocation. I really think you may need to see a therapist or at the very least do some self reflection.
I think I was 3 when I first started learning letters, but my parents were both pretty big readers. It definitely rubbed off. But yeah, I was reading in prek. I think that's fairly normal for kids whose parents are engaged and actively teaching them
[deleted]
https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/when-transgender-kids-transition-medical-risks-are-both-known-and-unknown/

https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=90234780 (relevant section toward the bottom)

https://thenationalpulse.com/politics/new-study-reveals-dangers-of-suppressing-puberty-in-transgender-children/

The final source is conservative political piece, but there is some input from physicians in there.
I will take that to heart. 😂
In my experience, people who are in often misunderstood populations welcome questions from people who are genuinely trying to learn. It's greatly preferred to misconceptions and taboo. The trans people I have known have been very open to honest questions.
You sound like such a good mum, I'm so happy your daughter has you. Best of luck to her in her transition :)
Legally that would still be rape.
And if you aren't able to differentiate between a rape and a child's medical needs, you're very sick in the head.
I guess I need to work on being bold and asking even though it’s uncomfortable to think I might upset someone! I’m still learning and growing! ❤️ Thank you for your reply!
[deleted]
Well, since the first medical step young trans people would take is puberty blockers (which can be stopped to allow puberty to continue “as planned” if the child changes their minds), that treatment isn’t going to start when the child is 7. Even if they start puberty very early, it probably won’t become an issue until they’re ~9-10, most kids it’ll be closer to 12. 

So, to me, a parent starting to save for that treatment 2-5 years in advance seems perfectly reasonable. It give the child time to understand their options and come to an understanding of themselves, and if they decide they don’t want the treatment, or start it and decide to stop, then they just have a fund for something else, like school.  Until the kid starts using the money for treatment, it’s just money being saved. So why _shouldn’t_ the parents start saving when they’re 7?
"Furthermore, because many rapes are facilitated by drugs or alcohol, the new definition recognizes that a victim can be incapacitated and thus unable to consent because of ingestion of drugs or alcohol."

Lmao, did you even read the article you linked? How embarrassing for you. 

Edit: Also, it's "heroin" to name the drug. "Heroine" is the feminine form of hero. Just thought you should know.
Thank you! I’m lucky to have her, she’s an important part of our family and an incredible person! ❤️
Maybe we were just lucky enough to have good parents. My mom is a teacher and both my parents place a lot of stock in education so that probably helped. I still think 7 is pretty old to not know how to read though.
[deleted]
*Nice*
Holy shitsnacks! As a girl, I'm insanely jealous of your boobs. I mean no disrespect with my bluntness, they're just like suuuuper great.
https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=90234780

https://www.psypost.org/2017/12/many-transgender-kids-grow-stay-trans-50499

https://www.transgendertrend.com/children-change-minds/

The fact that you think it should be a certain way doesn't mean it is.
No, legally, you are considered not *able* to consent if "black-out drunk." You can argue this all you want, it's not going to make you correct.

And your juvenile attempts at being insulting are kind of embarrassing. I'm being very polite to you despite your indignance. A little maturity would probably help people take you seriously.
[deleted]
FYI also isn't a word, it's an abbreviation. FYI. 

Oh and "it's" isn't a word either, it's a contraction. Fun!
No you misunderstood. I personally don’t agree with it as that’s MY opinion, which I am entitled too. 

But I do support people doing whatever the fuck they want to do, so more power to you.
But don’t many kids grow out of mental health issues they have before puberty? Arnt you afraid of giving her hormones too young and then she changes her mind or grows out of the dysphoria and has damage to her body she can’t undo?
I’m sure you’ve thought about these things I’m just curious as to what the doctors and mental health specialist say about it.
FYI, you rock as a parent for supporting your child, as young as they are.  Some wouldn’t even consider doing a fraction of what you do just because their child is...well, a child.  But you are a fantastic parent.
Thank you! I’m quite fond of them!
Wow how ableist of you.
Calling me a child doesn't make it true, friend. I can fetch you the legal nuances if you really want them, but are you actually willing to read something and realize you were wrong? It's going to be a waste of my time if you just double-down like most people do online when they are corrected. 

Edit: As you said, incapacitation varies depending on the jurisdiction. In my state, the involvement of alcohol to the point of unconsciousness means you are unable to consent. I have a dear friend whose rapist faced charges for this very reason. I'm sorry, but you're not going to "win" if that's what you're wanting.
My niece has a cat. My sister does the litter box, but my niece does the food and water. I think my sister has to tell her to do it sometimes though. Sounds
like you're raising her right, not that you need approval from the internet.
.... people downvoting you as if you're suggesting that patients hide their birth organs, as opposed to just saying that it's a non-issue for most things that young people would go to a doctor for. I don't mention my family history of blood pressure and suicide when I go in for a bad scrape. Chill out, doctors of reddit.
Oh ya totally that's me I discriminate against everyone I can
[deleted]
Sorry about that should have specified. I was trying to use as simplified language as I could and wasn't really thinking about what I was saying or how other people would interpret it. Ofc trans people (binary and nonbinary) can transition in as many or few ways as they want/are able to. I'm on the little-to-no medical transition end of things myself because what I would want out of transition medicine can't do as of yet.
So, your first article has this great quote:

&gt; It's a very good question. My confidence comes partly because I've yet  to see one change their mind and partly because we're using the  psychological testing methods the Dutch have perfected, and they've yet  to see one person change their mind. And they've run 100 kids through  the treatment.

Your second article cherry-picks two studies that appear to support its anti-trans argument -- gosh, but it ignores more rigorous studies like that in the first article.

Your third article is on one of the same studies as your second. But what's this? There's an additional chart that shows that those kids who were found to 'grow out' of dysphoria are those who never decided to even do social transition as children. Among those who did commit to a transition, it looks like they almost all continued to be trans adults!
I'll let you read my edit. Unfortunately I think it's time to be done with this conversation. You're obviously upset, and nothing I say is going to change your mind. I'm sorry that you have chosen to be this way, but I take comfort in knowing you're in the minority. Have a good rest of your day.
If you mean that like, "I have no interest in transitioning myself," you might want to rephrase that.  "I don't agree with it," tends to imply, "I don't agree with it being an option for anybody," not just, "I don't agree with it being an option for me."  Because if you're not trans or experiencing any body dysphoria then of course you wouldn't think about transitioning because you wouldn't feel like you're in the wrong body.
[deleted]
This reply made me crack up! Keep being awesome ❤️
Lol, okay friend. I'll let your downvotes speak to that.

Further attempts at discussion will result in a block. Unfortunately, I don't feel comfortable allowing a vaguely threatening man to have the ability to contact me, so I really would like for you to respect that this conversation has gone nowhere and needs to end. Again, have a nice day.
It's almost like they're a dumbass whose comments are fueled by hate 🤔
[deleted]
Sure, there are people that may feel a fleeting thought from time to time. If you find yourself feeling gender disphoria or euphoria consistently and persistently, then there is a good chance that you may at least be something other than cis (not trans). The children that you hear about in the news have been evaluated by medical professionals for years and are unable to medically transition until sixteen (US). Any surgical procedures can only be done after the agree of eighteen, when they are a consenting adults (US). No one is allowing medical transition to young children; just social. 

So there is no harm, other than socially, for the child to use new pronouns, names and clothing. Allowing a sense of personal autonomy with their gender expression, without fear of being shunned, allows them to explore their identity in a safe environment. Later on, if more time is needed to decide to medically transition, hormone blockers can be used to halt puberty (Done routinely in cis children with precocious puberty). Breast tissue and loss of fertility are really your only risks of permanent change, if hormone treatments are stopped. 

The fact is that there are protocols in place, and the entirely of the medical profession backs us up.
It seems he's been embarrassed to the point of deleting everything. How sad for that guy.😂
Preach it brother! Lol

Edit: Brother, not sister. lol I type faster than my brain sometimes.
Poor fella 😂
Bingo!
Thank you! It’s something that I think is really important! Personal responsibility is a skill/habit she will always need! ❤️
Do you have a scientific study proving he's a bigot? 

/s 😋

On a side note, I want to tell you that I respect the hell out of the way you calmly stuck up for yourself and your daughter. She'll grow up great with a wonderful influence like you in her life.
I think sometimes it’s easy to forget children are people too. 😊 I have a wonderful, supportive spouse and his commitment to making sure we do everything we can for our children is his top priority. We’re doing our best because we’ve got the best kids!
Also from the first article:

&gt;I understand that you have done a study of all 124 children who have gone through your clinic, and that 80 percent of those under 12 chose not to pursue sexual reassignment as adults. The kids who didn't continue — what were their reasons?

&gt;It's very tempting to be looking for similarities that might predict it, but there's a very wide range. I can think of one [boy] who came first at 6 or 7 and we saw on a regular basis. And over that time, he felt more comfortable being the sort of boy he was: having female friends, being very theatrical. At first, he really wanted to wear pink — and the mother was torn between wanting her child to choose his own clothes and the teasing. That changed, and at a later stage he said he just felt OK as he was — that he still sometimes had those feelings, but he felt happy being a boy. And that's how he wanted to continue.

&gt;I wouldn't say it's impossible to identify individuals [who] will go ahead with sex reassignment. Clearly, the Dutch have an assessment battery that they feel is quite accurate at identifying them at an earlier stage. But I think there's a lot of flexibility

So with the Dutch study they have a more stringent assessment battery that isn't necessarily being applied in other places.

If they've started blockers and literally none of the kids changed their mind, I have no issue with it.  But that's simply not what's happening everywhere, and that is a problem.

&gt;ignores more rigorous studies

One study.  Explained above
TLDR: what the doctor said when you were born. For more info, I personally like the book "The ABC's of LGBT", which is sort of a dictionary, and there's also a lot of info online.

Ah, sorry, queer jargon. It stands for Assigned Female At Birth - basically "born female", but we prefer to refer to assignation because inferring that the person was born one way and changed can reinforce common misunderstandings. For example, I am a nonbinary but somewhat feminine person, and afab. OP is a woman, and amab (assigned male).

It's basically a way to refer to biology for pre- or non-transitioned folks and to otherwise refer to one's history without saying something potentially dysphoria-inducing like "when OP was a boy" which she might not have ever been (though her doctors and parents might have been mistaken about it). The "might not" is to account for genderfluid people or other folks whose gender does sometimes match their assignation (like me!).

Gender is ridiculous and complicated, but we're mostly figuring out how to work with it in ways that don't cause people discomfort or pain.
I'm not a doctor but most trans men have vastly higher metabolisms than they did before they started male hormones, so hypothetically unless the person has only just started their medical transition (like.. 2 weeks prior) it shouldn't really matter because the metabolism speeds up REALLY fast. Source: am trans, was shocked at how quickly I got "growing teenage boy" levels of hungry. I would imagine once a guy starts visually passing it probably wouldn't matter if it's about metabolism/enzymes.
I'm glad it was funny! I worry for folks who have to deal with, for example, strictly religious medical professionals if they're traveling or something.
I’m doing my best! It’s important to remember that the way I conduct myself in the face of adversity is a direct lesson for my kids. I also know that getting angry with bigots on Reddit is pointless because they’ll delete their posts anyway 🤷‍♀️ and without both sides of a conversation, my anger takes away from the idea that everyone is different and that’s ok. We can all belong, and being respectful hurts no one ❤️
Worth a finger up the butt every so often to be sure, just saying. It's like sex with someone who says they're clean, you probably can trust it, but you never know
I’m not going to give anyone hormones, I’m not a doctor 🙂 I will continue to take her to the doctor when she needs medical treatment and follow their advice. Currently she’s too young for any sort of treatment beyond therapy and allowing her to dress how she wants/wear her hair in a way that feels right. I’m just here to support her in her journey. 
Her pediatrician, psychologist, therapist and endocrinologist have lots of experience with trans people who are minors and are well respected in their fields. I trust their advice and will continue to follow any recommendations they make for my daughter. ❤️
Genuine question as I've never seen anything conclusive about it.

Can puberty blockers to irreversible damage if someone were to change their mind or detransition?

Can the puberty blockers affect the mind in a way where one might be swayed to think a certain at about transitioning?

If you were to take puberty blockers for say 2 years and then come off of them, to you loose those two years of puberty or does the body make up for those years later on?

Anyone with anecdotal or scientific input is appreciated.
So, in that Portman Clinic study, the researcher also says that they haven't been prescribing hormone blockers to any of their patients 'until after puberty'. They also refer to their patients who are trans girls as 'boys', and their patients who are trans boys as 'girls'. They describe their patients undergoing extreme distress and continuing to refuse to treat them, which the interviewer notes is 'cruel'.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
Yeah I don't think we should be lumped into "unknown". There has to be a more nuanced and less... othering answer to collecting actuate data.
Food metabolism and drug metabolism are also vastly different systems so I’m not sure! Zolpidem is metabolized mostly by CYP enzymes, so if those were influenced by hormones it may be affected.
Word. I didn't know food and drug metabolisms are different! Learn something new every day :D
In our case, we listened to her doctors and therapist and the other trans people we’ve met. But mostly, I trust my child and her commitment to being her authentic self.
I hope you don't mind me asking, but since we're in this thread and all... how did you feel when your daughter expressed an interest in being a girl? Did dad take it alright? 

What's that transition been like? I wonder about transitioning at a young. It's one of the few things I'm apprehensive about making a decision about how I feel because 1. I've never known anybody in that situation (partly why I took the opportunity to ask... SOrry if it's inappropriate) and 2. I simply don't know enough about hormones in pre/adolescents to form an opinion.
Have a MtF friend who is overweight. Once while wearing a skimpy costume, a street preacher called her a pregnant whore- she was happy to have passed but sad she couldn’t come up with a quick witty retort.
You should absolutely be up front about this with your doctor. Men and women have different bodies, regardless of gender. If you're not a doctor you won't know what things are and aren't affected by sex, so be safe and tell them the truth.
They're  talking about hormone treatments after puberty, not using puberty blockers after puberty, that wouldn't make sense.

But my point is that if the stringent assessment battery isn't being used, you wind up giving puberty blockers to children that end up changing their mind, and doing so before the long-term effects of them are fully understood.  That obviously results in distress in children that seem to present with gender dysphoria but don't meet the more strict definition of gender dysphoria, but mitigates the problem of causing potentially permanent change in patients whose gender dysphoria is transient.

The irresponsibility that I take issue with is in giving children puberty blockers if they're going to grow out of it.  The children that present with it but don't meet the strict technical criteria often do grow out of it.  Obviously they've got something working in the Netherlands, but it's not being applied across the board.
&gt;They're  talking about hormone treatments after puberty, not using puberty blockers after puberty, that wouldn't make sense.

No, you're misunderstanding. Any adult starting hormonal transition would need such a blocker, which is what that article refers to. At Polly Carmichael's clinic (in 2008 anyway), no-one was getting blockers until after already going through puberty.
you sir are a saint if you're willing to get her on blockers. I ended up coming out twice, once before and once toward the end of puberty and because i came out to the wrong parent the first time it remains one of my greatest regrets.
I understand that there is some overlap between the "puberty blocking" cocktails used, and what would be used by an adult trans female, like anti-androgens.  But this is beside the point anyway.

My point is that the English clinic won't administer puberty blockers because the more stringent Dutch battery isn't being used.  If it were, it would still exclude children with identity disorders from receiving puberty blockers if they don't meet the strict criteria.

The reason the Dutch have no desistors isn't because nobody ever changes their mind or grows out of it, it's because they only administered puberty blockers to children with gender dysphoria *as defined by a very strict guideline.*

The children that felt they were the opposite gender that didn't meet these guidelines did not receive puberty blockers.
Most women never use the word "ho."  It is a bit disturbing.
[Here’s](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.pbs.org/newshour/amp/nation/puberty-blockers-may-improve-mental-health-transgender-adolescents) a link to a pbs article that contains both anecdotal evidence and citations from scientific communities on the use of puberty blocks. 

Basic summary: they are considered safe, but there are some questions, such as how _long_ can they be used safely, that haven’t been answered yet. However, the trend so far is that it’s far more damaging to not use them, than to use them.
**Direct link**: https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/puberty-blockers-may-improve-mental-health-transgender-adolescents

---
^^I'm&amp;#32;a&amp;#32;bot&amp;#32;-&amp;#32;[Why?](https://np.reddit.com/user/amp-is-watching-you/comments/970p7j/why_did_i_build_this_bot/)&amp;#32;-&amp;#32;[Ignore&amp;#32;me](https://np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=amp-is-watching-you&amp;subject=ignore&amp;message=If%20you%20click%20%27send%27%20below%2C%20the%20following%20action%20will%20be%20taken%3A%0A%0A%2A%20The%20bot%20will%20ignore%20you%0A%0AYou%20will%20receive%20a%20confirmation%20in%20reply.)&amp;#32;-&amp;#32;[Source&amp;#32;code](https://github.com/bvanrijn/aiwy)
She can read just as well as any kid who just started 2nd grade.

Forgot this is reddit and I need to spell it out: she can read easy books - she is still learning how to read 2nd grade and above books.

\*edit - side question, if I said she was still learning math, would you assume I meant the very basics or math appropriate for her age?
IS FUCKING AWESOME!
That is gold
Thanks for the thought-out reply.

I honestly couldn't imagine my kid coming up to me and saying she wants to be a boy (or my son saying he wants to be a girl).  So it's rather impossible to place myself in your shoes.  It sounds like you are trying to do what you think is best for your kid.

My brother knew he was gay from a very early age - maybe this is similar to that kind of "knowing."
"learning to read" meaning getting better at it.  She can read at a 1st grade level, like most kids entering the 2nd grade.
I know like 50 people have already said this but I just wanted to say that it's really cool of you for being supportive of her. I've seen parents react in a lot of ways but full support like that, especially while she's young, is rare and good.
not sure you get what they're saying here, which seems odd because it's such a common view.  people can think something is wrong, but still support other people doing it because why the hell should one person's personal beliefs impact what another person can do to their body?


what interests me is that you seem to be shaming this person for not believing exactly what you believe. which makes you less tolerant than them. 

let people do what they want, but also let people think what they want. that's fucking freedom.
~~The OP already replied, so you're wrong.~~ I can't read

But, what OP said was contradictory.  "I don't believe in it" (implied "for anybody") but "If my kid were trans I'd back them up 100%".  Which is why I wanted clarification, because if what they really meant was, "I don't believe in transitioning as something that makes sense for me," then there are better ways to say that which don't have the implied connotations.

&gt; what interests me is that you seem to be shaming this person for not believing exactly what you believe. which makes you less tolerant than them.

And, no.  Not all thoughts or beliefs are created equal.  I don't have to tolerate narrow-minded, ignorant, mean-spirited, racist, bigoted, or otherwise intolerant beliefs.  If you think that makes me intolerant, then so be it.  I don't care what you think.
Nothing wrong with a woman using a bit of gallows humor. We do that from time to time, you know:-) Cis or trans, going through something atypical and jarring can be a bit scary. Humor helps us get through it:-) I hope you find that's the case in your life, too... The human condition would be so much less without that sort of resilience.
Thock09 did not reply? where are you seeing this?
I've never heard of a detransitioning person. Does that happen often?
What sort of reference values change besides hormones? I try and keep up on my levels and I'm always curious about anything that might be an anomaly
I unfortunately wouldn't know as I don't run the tests myself. That's just what I've been told.
I agree.
You're right, I misread the other reply.  Either way, I don't have to be tolerant of intolerance.  That's a lie told by the intolerant.
FtM here, my doctor overseeing my hormone stuff told me to have bloods done for male levels, otherwise as you said the results will be off. 
For example, I need testosterone in the average male range, if they’re looking at females it’s gonna be very high. When you medically transition hormone levels (and other blood...stuff) will change to match that of the sex you transition to. Having bloods done for the wrong sex is impractical to say the least.
I have a trans woman friend who was being treated and they insisted on giving her a pregnancy test before they would act (that bullshit happens to women all the time) and she said she got some great looks when she told them why it wasn't important.
I don’t think hiding this important part of their history is really the answer, it’s identifying and removing those providers from the system. My employer does a pre employment exam with questions about your opinions on trans people. They also provide education on these issues with most of it mandatory with the option for further education if you choose. I understand that may not be the standard across the country however.

I think the best answer is to be vocal and proactive from the inside. It’s up to healthcare providers to make sure that people who discriminate against patients for any reason realize it’s not ok and face consequences.
Thank you ❤️ it wasn’t an instant thing for me sadly. I grew up in an oppressively religious environment that really damaged my ability to be compassionate and understanding. After kiddo came out, we all started therapy to help adjust to such a big change and I read a lot of books. We drove all over the city to meet with activists, trans people and other families who have a trans person and we listened. We decided our children’s happiness was worth our temporary discomfort. At first calling her my daughter or using her new name felt like I was telling a lie. I did my best to keep my internal struggle to myself (and my therapist, therapists are rockstars!) and outwardly did everything I could to make sure she felt accepted, affirmed, safe and secure. 
These days it feels like lying anytime I have to use her birth name or assigned at birth gender. The thought that I ever thought she was a boy is laughable, she’s so feminine. She also enjoys dressing like a tiny Liberace, so many sparkles!, and that makes it even harder to envision her being male ever. 
I’m a lucky mom with incredible kids, and I would do anything in my power to keep them happy and healthy. ❤️
The saying is "bros before ho's" so... that's the whole point of the username...
there's a big difference between being racist and a bigot vs thinking people shouldn't take hormones to change their body chemistry and have surgery to change their genitalia. please understand not everyone draws the line where you do.
i'm pretty proud of it :)
The checking-out-est of usernames.
I say ho all the time, am a woman, and think it's one of the most clever usernames I've seen in awhile
Yeah the doc thought i had anemia because my hemoglobin levels dropped to the female range LOL
I get my blood work done semi regularly and I like to look over it but like unless cholesterol is a gendered thing the only gendered value that I've ever seen for my blood levels is my hormone levels. Docs don't always know best when it comes to trans ppl since med schools don't really cover it generally.

If ur dealing with trans ppl enough to have protocol about us mayb talk to higher ups about protocol or at least ask what the deal is with why the unknown thing is necessary. Like I don't wanna be a downer but it sounds like a bs reason for a shit policy but if there is a real reason I'd be honestly interested in knowing where trans peoples blood levels wouldn't fit into the male female binary
Thanks for doing good work and helping people:)
Yeah it's not an easy thing in science and what not when dealing with transgender individuals. A lot of times for biological data their data will be dropped from the study even though it was collected. It's not done out of malice but of a "we aren't really sure for this particular data if their presence would be an unhelpful outlier or not so we'll drop it." This is especially relevant for genetic data because of genomic imprinting and sex chromosomes. It's done out of caution to avoid misinterpreted data. Scientists would certainly love to not drop transgender individuals cause larger samples are nice but for some data it's not viable. And you can't exactly weed people out during recruitment asking if they are transgender or not because that'd be unethical and damage relationships with the LGBTQ community.
I also think that your adult friends would probably be touched that you wanted to understand on behalf of your trans child. Like... You're not asking because you think they're some kind of spectacle, you're asking because you want to be prepared for your daughter! That's a good reason.

I think asking for the sake of being curious is probably not terrible if you say "hey, I have some questions about your transition, do you feel comfortable talking about this with me?" and then being cool with it if they say no. I am not trans, and this is not /quite/ the same, but: I have a scar on my face (my mouth specifically) and people are sometimes curious about it. It's not a traumatic story by any means (I had a mole as a baby that was potentially cancerous, 3 surgeries between the ages of 2 and 8 because the corner of your mouth is a complicated area muscle-wise), but I MUCH prefer it when people say "oh hey, do you mind talking about it" vs "WOW IS THAT A CHAINSAW SCAR!?"* Most people are happy to talk about their experiences if you approach them about it respectfully. 

*I do not look like I have a chainsaw scar at all. That person was particularly rude. I have several friends who didn't notice my scar until after knowing me for 2-3 years.
I will admit, hearing my tiny kiddo say, “you know, you could call me your lady. I don’t like being a gentleman” or hearing “I hate my name! I just wish I had a good name! Like Samantha or Shamaya!” “I want to die, nobody even knows me!” was a trip. 
Or holding kiddo while they sob uncontrollably because someone said when they grew up, boys grow mustaches at school and she is scared of having a hairy face. That stuff cuts deep as a mom. I was scared for my kid. So, we saw the experts. Lots of experts. And we followed their directions. 
Every parent wants happiness for their kids, and what makes my kid happy is wearing leggings and Jo-Jo bows. 🤷‍♀️

These days I hear things like this:

I know I’m beautiful, but I’m strong too!

When I’m a mommy...
 
Sometimes she’s misgendered by family, usually older more distant relatives, but she says “oh, you’re so silly! I’m obviously a girl!” Or “It feels so nice when you call me femalename and remember I am a girl!”

Plus, she loves pointing out to her younger brother that women are strong. 😉
It does happen but not very often and the risks of missing an actual transgender person who needs to transition would probably be worse than trying to avoid desistance. This is also something that's still being studied cause it's a recent phenomenon so there isn't much data on detransitioning.
Yep. Drug metabolizing enzymes are different from the things breaking down the food.
If you haven’t heard it yet you might be interested in the[How to be a Girl Podcast](http://www.howtobeagirlpodcast.com/). It’s a documentary podcast about a mom and her young transgender daughter (she’s in 5th grade now). She’s grappling with lots of the same questions you are.
We’re going to do our best to give her access to medical care that will outline the options available! Everyone deserves control of their own body! 
❤️

I’m sorry that things weren’t smooth for you, but you should be proud of your strength and perseverance. You are strength, you are beauty, you are light, and you are valid. 💕
Innnnteresting. The study you linked is actually about what happened after the FDA change, but I did find a study on gender differences in pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics with zoplpidem:

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24203450

&gt;However, AUC averaged 40% to 50% higher in females than in males receiving the same dose. The gender effect was incompletely explained by body weight.

Still, a rare case of a gender difference in drug sensitivity not due to weight, and a drug that is never used in any kind of emergent situation.
That is my point.  It is usually a phrase used by bros
When she first disclosed that she was female, it was concerning for me. I wasn’t as educated or evolved back then, and because I grew up religious, I had to get my stuff under control. My husband was on board pretty quickly, (he’s more liberal than I was, and generally pretty chill) and after some therapy for all of us, we were both on the same team. 
Eventually we were referred to a team of doctors and psychologists at our local children’s hospital and we set up an appointment. There were lots of phone calls with social workers for the hospital before we even had a date for an appointment. They often try to discern if it’s gender experimentation or something more before they schedule anything because it’s a pretty long appointment. Eventually we had a meeting with the team and they did an eval that consisted of interviewing us as a family, interviewing/evaluations for my husband and myself (separately) and a four hour evaluation with kiddo. At the end of the appointment, kiddo was given a diagnosis of Gender Dysphoria and social transition was recommended. 
At this point, she had been already dressing in girl’s clothing and going by her new name. (Have you ever given a cat a bath? That’s what it was like to get her to wear anything she deemed not feminine enough!) 
Transition for her at this age is just letting her pick out her clothes, and choose her hairstyle. We’re also using the pronouns and name she’s expressed feels best for her. At this point everyone has gotten used to her being her authentic self, even her little brother and great uncle have it down! It’s been really incredible to see her feeling so happy and free. 

In the future, she might opt for blockers or hormones when her doctors and endocrinologist feel it’s time. She’ll have blood work done to detect puberty hormones and we/she will go from there. She might also opt to not pursue medical intervention, and that’s ok too. She’s the only person who will know what’s truly right for her, it’s her journey and her body.

I’m happy to answer any other questions you might have ❤️ thank you for asking!
Isn't that still reinforcement of gender stereotypes though? I mean that doesn't make it any less diagnosable, but it's still all gender.
Can you explain what you mean? I really want to give you an honest answer to your question but I don’t think I’m understanding it well.
It would just be nice if there were more studies specially focused on us. With trans being a dirty word to the CDC and gender identity being taken off the 2020 census (so no money to allocate), I doubt it. Generally STD statistics are all society cares to know about us it seems.
I will definitely check this out! Is the mom Debbie Jackson? She has a daughter about that age named Avery and they’re very vocal and informative about their journey. If not, google them, you’ll be glad you did!
Maybe they made it before their transition? Also its a killer fucking pun and anyone offended by it probably isnt worth getting to know anyway if theyd be that pissed over the word 'ho'. Also ive noticed on instagram a lot of girl accounts have had thunfa like 'imbrace your inner ho' and shit like that. It's not really that obscene of a word these days.
The mom is Marlo Mack and she’s awesome. There’s a definite evolution over the course of the podcast and it’s interesting to watch her and her family learn together. I’ll definitely check out Debbie Jackson!
Rude person suck. I grew up in the south and manners are important! I’m sorry you’ve had shitty moments with people who have poor manners. ❤️

I’m getting a little better about asking others specific questions about transition, but I never want to cause harm or make someone feel uncomfortable. I have so much respect and admiration for people who are brave enough to live life as the person they truly are inside. For me, just the idea of being that vulnerable is terrifying. I’m working on it, but anxiety really colors my irl interactions and sometimes I stifle myself. 

Btw, my daughter has a cute little scar on her hairline and we think scars are badass. 😉
Oooo! So cool! I’m going to download some episodes to listen to while I’m at the park with my son tomorrow! Thanks for the recommendation!
Seems like a bad idea to hide major information about your body from a doctor.
Maybe you’re asking about the long hair reinforcing gender stereotypes? Or the clothes? 

I honestly have no idea how I could shield her from gender stereotypes. She watches tv, goes to public school and is out in society a lot. How do you dress any child without gender norms? I would think as soon as you walked in a store you would have to decide on which department you wanted to shop in? 

She’s got long hair because she likes it and she wears dresses/leggings/skirts because she feels good in them. 🤷‍♀️
I've had a hysterectomy and some nurses still make a fuss about being "required" to do pregnancy tests. What exactly are they imagining I'm carrying a fetus in?
I haven't heard about this CDC thing so I can't comment. But I will imagine that there will be an increase in the number of studies. The awareness of the transgender community grew massively in just these past few years so I could see more studies being done. Previously the community was basically invisible and you couldn't study it but now you can actually find people so studies should be possible.
I'm just wondering how that's not a reinforcement of the gender norms? Your little girl wanting to act and wear things that is typically of a cis girl. 

Honest question, I'm not trying to attack your daughter or anything.
I guess I don’t understand how that’s different than a little boy wanting to wear masculine clothing. She’s a girl who likes girl stuff. Gender norms aren’t inherently bad.

How would you do things without reinforcement of gender norms? 

E: thank you for being respectful! I really appreciate it!
In a box, clearly
Oh. That went dark real fast
It's a Monty Python quote
Like the other person who responded said, it happens pretty rarely and people who bring it up as an argument against letting trans people transition are misguided or actively transphobic. Many/most times detransitioning happens because of issues of threats to safety (ie needing to live or work in a transphobic place/etc but not "passing" as the correct gender) or medical issues (issues with hormones, surgical problems of many varieties, broken or warped ribs or even pneumonia from binders are a big fear for trans guys), some people detransition for other reasons as well, like realizing after they've been in transition for a while that they're nonbinary and that what they thought they wanted from transition wasn't quite what they actually wanted. 

I haven't known anybody who transitioned and then realized that they were cis and wanted to detransition. I don't think that it's totally impossible or that it's never ever happened, but medical transition is pretty difficult to get even when it's absolutely needed. I'd bet highly that there's fewer mis-transitioning people per transitioning person than, say, people mis-treated for depression per person treated for depression (or most other commonly diagnosed mental health issues).
Ah as far as the pain levels of that specific procedure, I couldn't tell you, I don't know any trans people who were lucky enough to start before puberty. But I assure you it's worth it. Good luck!
There's a lot of software that needs to get rewritten to use something other than a nullable boolean for gender.
Thank you! My daughter isn’t big on pain, but I imagine she would rather have pain than a mustache and deep voice. 

She’s already had future options laid out by both medical doctors and her therapist, so she has plenty of time to decide and think her options over. She knows broad strokes what would happen, and is already adamant that she doesn’t want her “kid body” to change into a “grown up man” no matter how many shots she would have to get. She’s had stitches before, and vaccinations so she’s been through pain before.
Did you mean without? I’m trans and love to use the, woops i was born without a uterus or the i have a hormone imbalance lines on people who get too nosy.
I'm not the original commenter, but know two families with trans kids.  One boy started telling them as soon as he could talk that he was a boy , not a girl.  The other transitioned MtF in 5th grade after wearing down her parents over the course of a year. They finally got in touch with I think Project Yes (?) and the professionals there helped the parents to accept it.

Parental acceptance varies a lot by family, so no one can take predict how your dad will take it.  Religion conservatives do worse on average, but are sometimes surprisingly wonderful.

If your dad is a "man's man" type and you're the only son, or the one with the most athletic talent, that could be a factor. 

Where you live may be a factor. Ideally we would all do what we know in our hearts is right, but humans are tribal beings and most people are afraid of not fitting in, because once upon a time it meant you'd be on your own and eaten by lions.  So very parents who are very aware of social standing and live in the south may be harder sell than say a family in Boulder or San Fransisco. It doesn't mean you shouldn't tell them, it just means to be prepared for it to be a longer conversation and take more time to reach acceptance. 

Hopefully your parents are open minded people who realize that they love you, and nothing will change that.

Typically, hormones and hormone blockers are a non issue for pre adolescents.  I could see it being a decent time to transition simply because there aren't a lot of outward physical differences between sexes at that age. So cut your hair a little differently, put on some different clothes, choose a new name if you want, and you can try out that version of you to see if it feels more right, with no long term commitment if you're not really sure. Or just grab some eye liner and lip gloss. 

Starting to talk to a therapist at that age, and having your parents talk to one, can be helpful so that you're all ready to make a decision about hormone blockers when adolescence arrives.  It's not a simple issue, since I understand that some people who believe they are transgender at younger ages change their minds during puberty.  Maybe the rush of natural hormones flips a switch in the brain, so they begin to feel at home in their own skin?   To be clear, that's not the case for all, and probably not for most.  But it's a factor to consider.   There are other health factors as well, so it's good to have plenty of time to do research and not feel rushed.

Good luck, whatever you decide!
Yes! Same. I always tell them I have no oven to carry the bun, or that I got sick of all the blood and just went at it myself with a knife and an ice cream scoop!
Well, i used to be a bro...
Well i certainly did embrace my inner ho
But you were fairly certain of your gender at a young age, I bet.
&gt;Did you mean without?

Oops I totally did. Thanks! 😊
I heard a story on NPR a couple months ago about a pain reliever that's in development which seems to have dramatically different effectiveness on men and women. I couldn't tell you the name of it though, sorry.
I got called a "greasy little white boy" once in a heated argument, and it was one of the most flattering things anyone's ever said to my FtM self. Couldn't even be mad about it.
How young is your son? Sounds like child abuse.
[deleted]
&gt;	Holy shitsnacks

I love pam
I'm sorry, this sounds completely backwards to me. Going through the wrong puberty, just so you have more tissue for the parts that nobody will see in daily life?

This sounds like the dated perspective of people who believe that the important thing about being trans is what's in your pants. For me and others I know, it's the least important thing.
This is a bit off topic. But if OP "grew" boobs from the "drugs and stuff" Could a "strait female" benefit in the breast department from a similar or related treatment?



Ps. Flat is justice
Jesus christ
[deleted]
No it just provides the missing hormones that most females would have already. It would only work if there was some medical condition causing extremely low estrogen levels. Genetics determine the amount of breast growth once estrogen is present.
Makes sense
Wow, I bet he gets a lot of converts that way.
There really is no guidance on the CDC using transgender or not. The current administration just tried to ban the use of the word. Trans erasure is a real thing unfortunately. Hopefully your right about more studies being published soon.
It's a small effort on my part, and if it helps somebody then that's awesome. A lot of us are so tired out from just surviving everything else that we push away people trying to learn, and that's understandable but sad. That's part of why I recommend resources that cover many things in approachable ways - it's hard from the outside to know where to look for info to do your own research with, so those of us who are closer to the subject can refer people to the good ones.
It may not be standard English but it's most definitely a word. And let's face it, who speaks standard English these days?
[deleted]
Legally, it’s just safer to require everyone to do it. That way, they don’t have to weed through reasons the nurse felt it wasn’t necessary.
It’s not really bullshit. Pregnancy would have a major impact on how you’re treated, even if there was no intention of keeping the baby. Your body is way different pregnant. It’s a relevant piece of information.
I'm basing this on the idea that your daughter was born male, now identifies as female, thus why you refer to her as "daughter". If not the case, then please ignore me. Wait on the blockers, it can really hinder the development of size for the penis. Which is very crucial later on for gender reassignment, if they so choose that. But the blockers can take that choice away if given too early.
[removed]
my doc thought i was anemic because my hemoglobin levels dropped into the female range.
ovarian tortion???!??!?
My wife used to work in an OB/Gyn office, you'd be surprised how many people know absolutely nothing about their own bodies, or even what has been DONE to their bodies.

"So you're here because you think you have an ectopic pregnancy?  You had a bilateral oopherectomy 4 years ago..."

"Yes, a hysterectomy is permanent" 

Etc,

So that's totally why.  Unfortunately you can't possibly know if a patient actually understands their own body 

She also tells me that more often, the urine test is to check for UTIs, or glucose levels for older patients
Tbh I'm proud of it too that's like top 5 relevant username mentions I've seen.
Yikes. My kid is happy, healthy and well cared for 🙂

Seems like perhaps your parents neglected to do something about your mental health issues...good thing my kiddo has access to an incredible therapist and medical team! I would hate to know I raised someone full of anger and bigotry directed at a child. 

Have a great day, and be kind to others- we only get one chance at life!
Don’t worry 😉 she’s got an incredible endocrinologist who really knows this process! I completely trust my kiddo’s doctors ❤️ 
Thank you for the advice, though!
We’re going to follow the instructions of her endocrinologist and medical team ❤️ They have assured me that she would be taken care of and we would keep all options for treatment open. We decided against having our children circumcised, so naturally there’s a bit more tissue.
Old enough to choose what SHE wants to wear and how SHE wants to wear her hair. 

How old were you when you were allowed some agency in your clothes and hair?
I understand the legal aspect of it. It's a litigious society. But it doesn't make it feel any less insulting. Especially when you've just had a lengthy friendly conversation about your degree in biology and career in healthcare working with reproductive health. But it's all good. Be thorough.
By definition, the majority of English speaking people speak standard English.
It is bullshit when the patient knows that they haven't done the prerequisite activities to fall pregnant and they're going to be charged $300 dollars for a pregnancy test that can literally be bought for a dollar at the dollar store. And they know exactly what the result will be, it's just for the hospital's peace of mind.
My mother had a hysterectomy. At one point there was a big concern she might be pregnant due to a piece of her ovary being left behind and somehow that producing an egg that somehow got fertilized and then attached to the inside of her abdomen wherever it could find a place. It turned out to not be the case, but the idea that that could happen is so terrifying to me.
[deleted]
A transgender child is like a vegan cat. The choice was made for them.
Did it ever occur to you that boys could wear their hair how they want and dress how they want? Or are you so stuck on regressive 50s stereotypes that you are channeling your child to a lifetime of hormones and surgery because he likes “girly” things.
A diagnosis of gender dysphoria is much more than liking girl things. Kiddo was evaluated by a psychologist who works with children. Kiddo was seen by a team of doctors at our top ranked Children’s hospital and diagnosed as being gender dysphoric. The best treatment for gender dysphoria is transition, as laid out by the WHO, APA, and AAP. At my kiddo’s age, transitioning is just socially- not medical or chemical. We also practice respect by using the pronouns and name kiddo has told us they would like to be called. 
🤷‍♀️ 
The harm in not allowing her to transition/expresses her gender identity is not a risk I’m willing to take. I don’t want my child to feel they can’t trust me, because they told me who they were on the most basic level and despite medical recommendations, and best practices I decided to force them to conform to a lifestyle that is torture.

My daughter is beautiful, strong, brave, smart, kind, a good listener, the best big sister, silly, thoughtful and happy. I’m happy because she’s happy. Things are good! 

Have a lovely day, remember to practice kindness!
It's bullshit when they delay important treatment in favor of an imaginary baby who they clearly care more about, doc.
You may know but do you know how many times doctors get lied to in a day? And do you know how many times doctors get sued because the patient didn’t volunteer relevant information “but the doctor should have asked?”
Delay treatment for a pregnancy test that takes 2 minutes? If you’re dying on the table in the ER, no one is trying to give you a pregnancy test. 

Also, do you how likely it is for a doctor to be sued if they didn’t check for pregnancy and killed someone’s wanted baby? If you want to believe they aren’t protecting you, fine, but they aren’t protecting the fetus. They are protecting themselves.
Do you think anything in a Hospital takes two minutes? I feel like your haven't spent much time in one. As for the rest, I'll let you stew on why that might be since it makes my point for me nicely all by itself.
I spent two weeks in one a couple years ago...and my point was that they aren’t delaying life saving treatment for a pregnancy test...not that hospitals are know for speed. 

And my comment proved your point? I said they don’t care about the fetus...which is the opposite of your point...I’m lost.
Also, do you really believe it is reasonable to expect them to put their career and financial stability on the line because you don’t want to pee on a stick? That’s a tiny bit selfish don’t you think?
[deleted]
There's some medications like Accutane that doctors are REQUIRED to administer regular pregnancy tests on any woman regardless of their particular situation. Besides, patients lie and misremember. A lot.  If it's a medicine that will put the person and/or fetus in serious danger if they are somehow pregnant, it's better to use an overabundance of caution.
Ok, now I have a brand new thing to be terrified about.
[deleted]
It’s a social contagion. It will pass, and there will be a lot of broken bodies left.
[deleted]
Hmmm, that sort of sentiment is exactly what people who practiced eugenics thought at one point...

Happiness is a good thing. Kindness is a wonderful thing. Being respectful costs nothing. Choose kindness, friend. 

Have a stellar day!
I wonder legitimately how that works.

I mean, you can take hormones and change your outward appearance, and change your identity but your DNA is unchanged. If you left blood at the scene of a crime the tests are gonna indicate the gender your born with.

If Accutane required regular pregnancy tests on women I would think that would be limited to people who are genetically women.

There are simply limitations to what we can do to change ourselves.  Since it’s currently impossible for someone born male to conceive children it makes as much sense as them testing my ability to fly before giving me a Tylenol. 

More unnecessary medical testing, who pays for it?
Yeah, pregnancy testing a trans woman makes no sense at all, but cis women - even if they swear they're virgins, lesbians, and/or sterile by whatever means, doctors are still going to want to test just in case.
Yeah, but that’s falls into the realm of the possible, and I’m okay with that.
Yep, the ovary twists around and the vein and/or artery are blocked. Causes a lot of pain and necrosis of the ovary can result.
I had my tubes removed but have an iud for my period so I haven’t had a period since 2017 and the looks when I say that are always really crazy. I’m like you can see my records why is no one looking at them before this stuff (the last one was sinus surgery) lol
[removed]
One time I went to urgent care, I had to explain in repeatedly "No, I can't \*possibly\* be pregnant. I just told you 3 times I'm MtF trans. Do you even know what that means?"  \_sigh\_

I wish I'd said something like "I posses a penis. And I don't mean in a jar on my shelf at home."
My best friend’s grandma had her uterus removed. Then she still got pregnant and carried the baby because it was attached to her cervix. That’s how her uncle is here!
That's great, I'm really happy there are understanding and supportive parents out there.
That's incredible! What a story to be able to tell future generations! I've had my cervix removed too, so not a possibility for me to defy the medical odds ;-).
My sister isn’t transgender, but she is an 11 year old diagnosed with depression/anxiety. I know mindfulness has helped for her. I recently bought her a book. She always described her anger/sadness as “I’m not happy, and I can’t fix it. I don’t know how to tell my brain it’s going to be okay.” And while gender dysphoria (is this the correct term?) is completely different, I imagine if she’s young it would be a similar thought process. The book was awesome because it was able to simplify what, why, when, where, and how in a way that pre-teen/early teens can actually apply. If your therapist decides mindfulness meditation is a good path, the books can be a great way to introduce it to her! 

Another side note - I recently got my boyfriend into mindfulness, and I’ve noticed it helps to stay diligent in practicing mindfulness when you have a buddy! So instead of giving her the tools, you can also do it with her. 

You sound like such a supportive and amazing parent, and you deserve all the praise you are being given in this thread!
❤️
You’re an awesome sibling! How cool it is that you invested time and thought into helping your sister find a way to cope with her feelings! She’s a lucky person to have you! 

I would love to practice this as a family and was wondering if you could possibly give me the name of that book? It sounds like it would be a perfect introduction for both of us! 

Have a wonderful day, super sibling ❤️
Oh goodness. I just listened to the first episode of the podcast you recommended, and I am a big puddle of tears. 

Marlo gets it. All of it.
I can tell, because how you refer to women now.
The joke is that he’s a woman now but uses offensive language about women that women don’t really use?
Its called “The Mindful Teen” and I got it at Barnes and noble for less than $20!

I struggled with anxiety and depression when I was her age, but it was undiagnosed. The earlier someone can get help, the better! If I can keep her from going through the unnecessary stress that adds to the regular stress of middle school, I will! The same way you are doing for your daughter. It’s reassuring to see parents like you and your husband who are making efforts to make their children’s lives livable.
I mean it can also sometimes get a false positive for testicular cancer, so there's that.
I agree, the eugenics movement is another example of social engineering built on pseudoscience.
[deleted]
You're really bent out of shape over a username parodying a common phrase.
I’m adding that book to the must buy list! I can’t wait to read it! You rock ❤️
I am pointing out misogyny when I see it.  This is surprising that this isn't something that concerns you.
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh.  No problem using a disparaging term about women, but god forbid someone misuses a pronoun!

Women &lt; everyone else.  Got it.
[deleted]
Yeah, it's way more reasonable for them to risk timely treatment and force an unwanted medical procedure on patients to prioritize an imaginary baby.
Oh. Well, I didn't know you were an expert dude.
Gosh i am so sorry for having a wrong opinion as a woman. Thank you for explaining to me how i should think and feel. Golly i can't believe how hateful i am for having a parody username! Thank you for your great contributions towards making sure women live their lives and think the way you want!
[removed]
Really classy there, bud. Calling a 7 year old stupid while trying to lookout for their welfare...
I honestly don’t believe that there is any impact on timely treatment. None. 

And a stupid pregnancy test is not a medical procedure...you seem to be forgetting about all the people that ARE PREGNANT. Just because you aren’t pregnant doesn’t mean no one is. Geez. This isn’t a difficult concept.
7 year olds are all stupid. You know why?  Because they are 7 years old and don’t know anything. 7 year olds want to do a lot of stupid shit I would hold the parents responsible for keeping in check. Like yelling in the supermarket, etc.  You don’t let your kid only eat ice cream and junk food right? Kids don’t get to choose anything. You tell them what they are getting and they can like it or not.
I’m betting your childhood mirrors what you are telling me is how a parent/child relationship should work. I’m sorry if you grew up in an environment where you weren’t able to make any choices, I could see how that would manifest in an adult as anger and control issues. 

There is hope and healing if you want it. Have a good evening, pal.
You have to be the gayest person I’ve talked to on here and it’s no surprise to me that you’re dealing with these problems given how you can’t even tell me to properly fuck off. Best you got is some passive aggressive “I’m sorry for you”. I’m sorry that we’re going to have to deal with your spawn who will undoubtably turn out the weak / soft person I see in these comments. Friendo.
I would be proud of my kids refusing to put anger and hatred in our world. We practice kindness and compassion in our family. 

Off to enjoy some time with the kids and husband! 

Get some rest and think over the idea of seeing a therapist. I know it’s tempting to lash out when you’re hurting but I would assume it hasn’t been working for you. Be good to yourself.
Thanks mom. Does your husband also wear a dress? I can see why you guys need so many therapists if I had to deal with this fluffer bullshit from you on a regular basis I’d probably want to kill myself also.
Be well ❤️
Let the hate flow through you.
Thanks for your opinion, doc.  Like I said, I had no idea you were such an expert.  I am appropriately worshipful of your perfection.
I’m a woman and that 2 weeks was due to a train wreck of a pregnancy and c-section and I seriously don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m not an expert. I’m using common sense.
Wtf are you talking about?...some people are pregnant even if you aren’t...that doesn’t make me an expert, it makes me logical...

...when you’ve run out of logical things to say, insulting the person that is arguing with you, only makes you look more ridiculous.
&gt; when you’ve run out of logical things to say, insulting the person that is arguing with you, only makes you look more ridiculous.

This is literally what you started with.  I'm following suit.
You know, I don’t usually argue with strangers on the internet, but I’ve had a shit day, I’m intelligent, and you’re clearly not, so what the hell, I’ll keep going. 

...please explain wtf you’re talking about and SPECIFICALLY why I’m wrong. Like, which parts of what I said are incorrect? And how do those things invalidate my original point? ...What is your point exactly? I think you’ve lost sight of it a bit.
There's 2 plus 2 and then there's e=mc2. Don't pretend like there's a similar level of difference for reading. If someone can read cat, they are closer to being able to read catastrophe correctly than they are to not knowing how to spell cat.

Anyway, I was mostly being snide. But seriously, most 7 year olds could be described as being able to read.
You have to understand that the alternative is that we could give you a medication that will cause a horrible abnormality in the fetus. If you were of the mindset that you wanted a kid, found out you were pregnant later on, and then you find out that due to an unrelated problem the baby is irreperably harmed. Imagine if you've been trying  to concieve for a long time and how heart breaking that would be. That is why we test first as there are often alternatives that are safe.
I knew I had a penis if that's what you're asking. 

I didn't care about gender as a kid. Nobody did. It wasn't about one vs the other, it was about having a good time, meeting new people, learning stuff in school, etc.
Having a penis isn’t the same thing as knowing your gender.

It’s also most likely bullshit that you just didn’t know or care at all about your gender as a kid. Most children could tell you what their gender is. They wouldn’t just be like “Uhhh idk, I don’t really think about it.” Kids are also usually the most concerned about making sure they fit into the “right” gender performance. Tons of little boys won’t wear pink because “That’s a girl color” for instance or think girls have some quality that makes them unable to like “boy things”.
Got XX chromosomes yet?
Actually around 1 in 500 male births, if not more, will result in some variation of genetic disorder (like Kleinfelter) meaning they do actually have two X chromosomes. 

It's only now that genetic testing is more common that we realise that a large number of Trans individuals have genetics that correspond to their 'chosen' gender. Or even have feminized/masculinized endocrine function or Brian structure.
You might. There's every chance you're wandering around with a floaty SRY and XX and not know it. Only way to tell for sure is with a test.
Hmmm. You are the first person to make sense about this IMHO. I will think more about this
Thank you, I'm glad it was somewhat understandable. I'm Dyspraxic af and have a tendency to ramble. 

If you are interested there are some fantastic studies on the brain structure of Transgender individuals (although we desperately need more! The funding just isn't there!). Even accounting for hormone use, MtF transgender individuals have a significant difference in brain structure when compared to males, and in fact, have several femanized features.
Mr factass over here...
If they have two X chromosomes then biologically they are a female that has a genetic disorder that caused them to develope male genitalia. 
 
Edit: Whichever subreddit this was linked too, please tell me so I can report you for briggading, and then have reddit do nothing about it because it fits their agenda
People with Kleinfelter have XXY chromosomes. They are male. However there are other disorders that present differently.

I encourage you to read up on it.
I have, you should too! In that case they are a male born with genetic disorder resulting an additional X chromosome that can, but not always, result in hormonal/genitalia mishaps as well!
If you read my comments carefully you will see that I stated the individuals are male, with a genetic disorder, resulting in additional X. 


Which is exactly what you have just stated. You paraphrased what I said and told me I need to do more research


Not to be rude, but what point are you trying to make here?
&gt;Not to be rude, but what point are you trying to make here?
 
How about you reread this comment chain, and ask yourself the same question!
I have and I'm terribly sorry but i'm afraid I don't understand what you are trying say?

Could you rephrase?

To clarify, I am stating that; 

* it is possible for males to have two X chromasomes (such as Kleinfelter) as well as a variety of other variables (De La Chapelle for physically male but genetically female eg.) that mean that an individuals can be genetically male/female and physically ambiguous or opposite. 

* There has been significant research to indicate that transgender individuals can have one of these conditions OR something such as a endocrine / structural differences in their body which doesn't match up to their birth gender.
Genuinely thank you if your being genuine
I love that someone posting a legitimate medical fact gets downvoted by these people. I guess they just really hate science.
That is not how gender nor sex works, troll.
You sound ignorant
Yeah. I am the one that sounds ignorant, not the person who does not know how sex or gender works.

Edit: Your post history makes it evident that you are a troll.
.....
[deleted]
How about you describe objectively how sex and gender works....?
Bwahhaha ok
Yep
Glad you agree that you have no idea what you are talking about.
[deleted]
Keep telling yourself whatever makes you feel better
[deleted]
Read up on DMRT1 and SRY genes. Or listen to this Radiolab that goes over them to get a start:

https://www.wnycstudios.org/story/gonads-xy/
You clearly do not understand science if you think one guy out of a million being XX is meaningless.
This is a person who posts in the Great Awakening so mentally retarded by default. There is no point arguing with him
[deleted]
I would try to refute you with empirical facts, but you seem to be a recalcitrant moron. I hope you are infertile.
[deleted]
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sex_chromosome_disorders

Ok looks like there are more than 2 sexes ans defined by chromosomes.

Also here is a refresher on the "scientific agenda"

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scientific_method
[deleted]
If you are actually wanting to learn, give a listen to the Gonads series on Radiolab. There is a great one in there regarding how it is not only the X and Y chromosomes that determine sex. The rest of the series is equally as interesting. 

https://www.wnycstudios.org/shows/radiolab/projects/radiolab-presents-gonads

&gt;There are two genders/sexes, deal with it. Not ANY time in history have people thought this way

Well that is simply not true at all. Many cultures throughout time and the world have a third gender specifically because not everyone fits into a black or white category. This is not just some recent phenomenon, this goes back millenia. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_gender?wprov=sfla1
As a musician myself im curious to know how this change has affected your career in music. Did it take you a while to find a preferred vocal range as a woman? How did it change the overall sound and feel of your music?  Also as a side note, what genre of music do play?
I’ve always had a more feminine vocal range so it’s really not much different. My music has always been just be, unaffected by gender, though I’ve vastly improved since I started transition!     

Idk how to describe my music but [this](https://streamable.com/ssyl1) is a song I’ve been working on lately, excuse how gross I look I hadn’t showered 😩
Beautiful playing. &lt;3
&lt;3 I hope someone serenades me with music like this someday, it’s absolutely beautiful.
Ok... I'm a bi musician and songwriter. I first started reading this because I was curious, then I saw your picture and said wow she's really cute! Now I'm in love with you... Also that tele is gorgeous! Every now and then I think about trading in my strat for one, but i just feel so comfortable on the strat.
Mmmm...yeah...
Do you have a you tube channel? With songs like this, i'd love to subscribe.
I don’t unfortunately! Just these few demos I’m working on :(
Fantastic music! Absolutely love your guitar tone and bluesy, soul style of playing. Keep up the good work! Never let your passion die and thanks for answering my question!
i 

i came to see grungy girl looks

i fell asleep serenaded by a wonderous song
Thank you so much!! Play a Tele for a week and tell me is more comfortable than a Strat 😉 they’re the best guitars

Summary:
I have, you should too!
I will think more about this.
let people do what they want, but also let people think what they want.
I don't care what you think.
I wonder why that is.
I know mindfulness has helped for her.
Thank you, I have great kids!
I would love to read that!
You tell them what they are getting and they can like it or not.
If it makes you happy then do it, I don’t care!
How did you know your gender?
I can definitely use that!
It’s something that I think is really important!
They also refer to their patients who are trans girls as 'boys', and their patients who are trans boys as 'girls'.
I didn't care about gender as a kid.
I still think 7 is pretty old to not know how to read though.
Also, kids don’t just up and start blockers.
I wonder about transitioning at a young.
where are you seeing this?
It sounds like you are trying to do what you think is best for your kid.
What's that transition been like?
How old is your daughter and how do you know she is trans?
Taking blockers when the time comes.
Thanks for doing good work and helping people:)
I feel there was a more respectful way of asking at least.
I am the one that sounds ignorant, not the person who does not know how sex or gender works.
The same way you are doing for your daughter.
I can tell, because how you refer to women now.
She’s not taking blockers, I started a savings account.
One of the very few questions I’m not going to answer, sorry.
Thank you for explaining to me how i should think and feel.
I think my sister has to tell her to do it sometimes though.
I’m happy because she’s happy.
Parents like you give me hope.
I will take that to heart.
The treatment was allowing her to transition.
I hope no trans person has to ever deal with your bigotry, and I hope no intelligent person has to ever deal with your stupidity.
Kids don’t get to choose anything.
The seven year old does not need blockers.
No, I listen to and want the best for children.
If you mean that like, "I have no interest in transitioning myself," you might want to rephrase that.
Most of your comment is great, but not all trans people take hormones.
Your 7 year old can't read?
So it looks like you're doing everything right.
So I guess I should be asking.
Yes I do, because it is important in medical care.
The seven year old is not starting blockers.
That's great, I'm really happy there are understanding and supportive parents out there.
Seven year olds don't take blockers.
If you think its rude.
I was scared for my kid.
Some trans people can’t and some trans people don’t want to.
If they're 7, they're not getting blockers.
I’m happy to answer any other questions you might have ❤️ thank you for asking!
It’s also most likely bullshit that you just didn’t know or care at all about your gender as a kid.
I mean that doesn't make it any less diagnosable, but it's still all gender.
Im not sure why you feel the need to be rude.
If you think that makes me intolerant, then so be it.
I feel like a winner.
I feel like your haven't spent much time in one.
I just told you 3 times I'm MtF trans.
More of a ask me what I want to answer.
Old enough to choose what SHE wants to wear and how SHE wants to wear her hair.
Wow you're all really great parent, thank you.
Because they are 7 years old and don’t know anything.
Especially if you're talking about people who transition young.
I think that’s just generally relevant medical history.
So then let's put all children on puberty blockers.
The irresponsibility that I take issue with is in giving children puberty blockers if they're going to grow out of it.
I wonder if that's based on birth sex or hormones, though?
I agree with everything you said.
The trans people I have known have been very open to honest questions.
What is it that you want to know about trans people that you might have been afraid to ask otherwise?
Nobody is giving a 7 year old blockers.
I think sometimes it’s easy to forget children are people too.
Your body is way different pregnant.
If a child chooses something ,you just let them do it?
Even though it's been pointed out multiple times already, they don't have their 7 year old on blockers.
The only thing the original commenter said was "my child is trans.
Unfortunately I think it's time to be done with this conversation.
Keep up the good work!
I will definitely check this out!
I don’t understand the fascination you have with this.
I encourage you to read up on it.
No one is allowing medical transition to young children; just social.
But that just tells you how badly I wanted to change.
Nobody had to tell me my gender.
She’s a girl who likes girl stuff.
Genuinely thank you if your being genuine.
It was not for any patient care reason.
It's one of the few things I'm apprehensive about making a decision about how I feel because 1.
Not OP, but I can answer this.
And that's how he wanted to continue.
But I don't think you can justifiably say, "Any individual taking HRT should not deploy."
That is not how gender nor sex works, troll.
I couldn't tell you the name of it though, sorry.
You're obviously upset, and nothing I say is going to change your mind.
My point is that you are making the same decision either way.
Most children could tell you what their gender is.
Like I said, I had no idea you were such an expert.
Do you even know what that means?"
It’s been really incredible to see her feeling so happy and free.
And as a trans woman, even if there were, yes.
Transition is different for everyone.
Do you expect not to get concerned people when you say your 7 year old is trans and you're saving money for transitioning?
I wonder legitimately how that works.
I’m glad you asked in a kind way.
I and obviously the majority of this thread think you're in the wrong.
For me and others I know, it's the least important thing.
I can't think of any drugs with male vs female dosing.
You have no idea how different sexes are...
I'm sorry that you have chosen to be this way, but I take comfort in knowing you're in the minority.
I can’t wait to read it!
obviously the you and the doctors you work with are going to know way more than some internet commenter.
A diagnosis of gender dysphoria is much more than liking girl things.
You can argue this all you want, it's not going to make you correct.
Kindness is a wonderful thing.
Any adult starting hormonal transition would need such a blocker, which is what that article refers to.
Trans people are like intersex cases here.
I also think that your adult friends would probably be touched that you wanted to understand on behalf of your trans child.
Not really an answer though.
I'm not the original commenter, but know two families with trans kids.
❤️

I’m getting a little better about asking others specific questions about transition, but I never want to cause harm or make someone feel uncomfortable.
Sounds like you're reinforcing gender stereotypes.
But thanks for your concern.
I guess they just really hate science.
How many times do you have to be told that?
I don't think that it's totally impossible or that it's never ever happened, but medical transition is pretty difficult to get even when it's absolutely needed.
If they've started blockers and literally none of the kids changed their mind, I have no issue with it.
The current hormone levels are more relevant.
7 year olds are all stupid.
Get some rest and think over the idea of seeing a therapist.
I honestly don’t believe that there is any impact on timely treatment.
I love that someone posting a legitimate medical fact gets downvoted by these people.
I’m always looking to learn!
How would you do things without reinforcement of gender norms?
I’m still learning and growing!
It takes years, lots of medical and psychological checks, and parental consent for an adolescent to start hormone blockers.
Good luck, and know that it gets better but you have to work at it.
At first calling her my daughter or using her new name felt like I was telling a lie.
Keep telling yourself whatever makes you feel better.
I’m just hesitant to get them done until I can trust that she can take care of them.
I personally don’t agree with transitioning, but if my child was; I’d sure as shit be backing them on their choice.
How do you not understand that?
Having a penis isn’t the same thing as knowing your gender.
So yeah you're just a bigot.
I hope you don't mind me asking, but since we're in this thread and all... how did you feel when your daughter expressed an interest in being a girl?
You cant tell people how to act.
Its relevant sometimes but not always.
7 year olds want to do a lot of stupid shit I would hold the parents responsible for keeping in check.
Just thought you should know.
