Original Response:
Take that Paris Agreement.
Yeah, good jobs and revenue for the entire country. Take that paris agreement.
That's an easy spin.

"Yeah, polluted air and water for the entire country."
But you’d have to be an idiot to say that because the alternative to a pipeline is trains and trucks.
Which regardless would still create those "good jobs and revenue." No matter what, increasing the investment into the oil sector will result in more pollution.

edit. I find it hard to believe anyone who supports oil field expansion is genuinely supportive of environmentalism.
Or just not pump it out at all. ;)
We should stop making lists of things only complete idiots would say.
Who is actually going to meet their targets? You don't sign that shit with the intention of actually doing it.
What an extremely daft statement. You should be ashamed of yourself
If you really have that much of an issue with it - you should be focusing on the demand side - not the supply side.

Alberta was both using a carbon tax (to promote green infrastructure and fight climate change locally) and working towards selling our oil products.

It’s not like if we stopped selling oil, the worlds consumption of oil would go down. They would just get it from somewhere else - and likely from a place with worse human rights records and less regulations on protecting the environment.

If you’re going to complain - how about complaining about how we’re still using internal combustion engines, or coal power plants.
[deleted]
&gt; Take that Paris Agreement

https://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2018/08/21/whos_the_cleanest_of_them_all_137850.html



https://www.bp.com/content/dam/bp/en/corporate/pdf/energy-economics/statistical-review/bp-stats-review-2018-full-report.pdf
Sure it will.  You guys use the economy as a boogyman way to often.

We seem to be getting along right now just fine without those pipelines.   Its amazing we haven't all resorted to cannibalism already under this economic apocolypse!
[deleted]
The oil sands are a massive part of the Alberta economy. Canada has a resource based economy, so if we stop selling a resource then the economy tanks. Pretty easy to figure out for most people.
&gt; It’s not like if we stopped selling oil, the worlds consumption of oil would go down

It would definitely create less pollution.

&gt;If you’re going to complain - how about complaining about how we’re still using internal combustion engines, or coal power plants.

Arguing over pollution obviously makes me against coal power. An energy source that is almost dead in Canada.
&gt; It would definitely create less pollution.

How?
I'm not even saying we should stop.  At a bare minimum if we gave two shits about the environment(which we don't), we wouldn't be increasing our output capacity.

We don't have to be a resource based economy, we are just to lazy and apathetic to change.
It would prevent local pollution through decreasing the traffic of oil within Canada and the expansion of oil extraction. Not to mention the likely closure of refineries which in an of themselves create pollution.

It's not hard to think of reasons why stopping the extraction of oil creates less pollution.
But if we dont, someone else will, with a worse human rights record.
Sure - so we close it here and Nigeria steps up production and we are net 0 with helping the planet and also then supporting a place with a worse human rights record and less regulation on protecting the environment all while crippling the local Alberta economy. 

And actually since hey have less regulation on the environment - it’ll probably end up being worse for the planet in the long run.
Did you read the article? 

"The world's largest emitter of carbon dioxide emissions is China. According to the invaluable Institute for Energy Research, "China produces 28 percent of the world's carbon dioxide emissions. India is the world's third-largest emitter of carbon dioxide and had the second-largest increment (93 million metric tons) of carbon dioxide emissions in 2017, more than twice as much an increase as the U.S. reduction." This means it doesn't really matter how much America reduces its greenhouse gases because China and India cancel out any and all progress we make. Those who think they are helping save the planet by purchasing an electric car or putting a solar panel on their roof are barking up the wrong tree. There is no way to make progress on greenhouse gases without China and India on board -- which they clearly are not."

Anyone who isn't an embarrassing propagandist would not go by overall emissions, they would go by emissions per capita. 
https://www.ucsusa.org/global-warming/science-and-impacts/science/each-countrys-share-of-co2.html#.W6l_6mRKi2w

The US &amp; Canada produce twice as much per capita as China and over 7 times as much as India. Furthermore, you and I as Canadians have zero moral responsibility over what Indians do. We're responsible for our own actions.
&gt; so we close it here and Nigeria steps up production and we are net 0 with helping the planet

It would most likely be America, not Nigeria "picking up the slack."

Outside of the fact that you ignored by reasoning on *local* pollution, we can't live in a world where each nation makes the same asinine reasoning and never drops oil consumption/production. That won't solve anything. It'll just continue the same silly cycle. If you want to prevent fossil fuel pollution each nation must work one step at a time. 

How about I ask you a question. If each nation never drops their production and consumption of oil, how will fossil fuel pollution end? Are you waiting for it to all run out?
Ending fossil fuel production and consumption must be done one step at a time, if nobody does anything with that lame excuse two things are going to happen. The pollution caused by fossil fuels will increase and the production of those nations with worse human rights will increase regardless of our production. Especially when those nations mostly sell to nations we don't sell to. 

How do you expect fossil fuel pollution to decrease if nobody works to stop it?
Nigeria already supplies Canada with lots of oil. Pipelines between US and Canada are full. 

https://www.google.ca/amp/s/business.financialpost.com/commodities/energy/opec-oil-exports-to-canada-rebound-in-2016-as-u-s-producers-seek-new-markets/amp

&gt; If you want to prevent fossil fuel pollution each nation must work one step at a time.

Yes - from the demand side, not the supply side. If tackling the supply side is so important to you, then you better get on a plane to Saudi or Russia and start protesting there.
By working on the demand side. Selling EV’s, and installing wind and solar capacity so people don’t demand as much oil.

Cutting supply of oil like you suggest will increase the price, making it more worthwhile to do more drilling in more energy intensive/high polluting areas making the problem worse.
&gt; Cutting supply of oil will increase the price

Keep in mind I wasn't talking about turning it off like a tap. Of course I agree with you that it needs to be weaned away.
[removed]
&gt; Anyone who isn't an embarrassing propagandist 

Well I feel like I'm a true scotsman just as much as you.. but why do you think individual production trumps overall production? In the end - its total production of pollution that matters. And also total reduction that matters. 

&gt; Anyone who isn't an embarrassing propagandist would not go by overall emissions

Isn't the Paris Agreement based on overall emissions? What a bunch of embarrassing propagandists they are. 



The point of posting the links was to show that the Paris Agreement isn't worth the paper its printed on. I believe both China and India signed? I mean China intends to leave - but the point remains. 

Now if you want to change the topic and argue moral responsibility... well that should be a new thread shouldn't it? Because its not the topic of this one.
Are you kidding me? The majority of our economy is made up of three things, natural resources, agriculture and real estate. Our tech sector is pretty much a joke, and same with our military sector. Really the only other thing we have is an auto sector which is propped up by government subsidies. If you honestly think Canada could continue on with our economy with our oil and other natural resources like logging cut back then you are out of your mind. We would pretty much lose all of the blue collar work out there and even if the economy doesnt take a hit we would be looking at vastly increased poverty since you would be cutting out a portion of a skilled trade.
US is actually one of the few countries on track to meet the paris agreement goals.
Makes more sense to go by landmass than per capita... per capita actually makes no sense if we tank our environment because there's too many people it doesn't matter if per capita numbers are good, land mass is fixed and localized both important factors for emissions.
"In the end - its total production of pollution that matters. And also total reduction that matters."

In the end it's total production? So basically your saying because someone else is does something worse than us, because they have 10 times the population, then it's ok for us to be one of the worst polluters per capita in the world? If that's your argument, then there's really no point in continuing. You're not even in the moral universe. 

"The point of posting the links was to show that the Paris Agreement isn't worth the paper its printed on. I believe both China and India signed? I mean China intends to leave - but the point remains."

How does it show that? Once again, it's per person that matters. They are large emitters because they are fucking massive. Use your fucking brain. In fact, China is leading the way for green energy/solar cell development. While Canada is repealing the weak legislation we had. 

"Now if you want to change the topic and argue moral responsibility... well that should be a new thread shouldn't it? Because its not the topic of this one."

Sorry, what's the topic? The Paris Agreement is a small step to avoid the potential end of organized human life. Does morality play no part in that?
"Isn't the Paris Agreement based on overall emissions? What a bunch of embarrassing propagandists they are."

And no, it's based on a country's overall emissions. Every country was allowed to set their own targets, which makes it a very weak agreement.
Good for them.
Per capita is the shittiest metric imaginable - I’m supposed to feel guilty for our low population and sparse land? Fuck that noise....
Well that’s just not true though. Maybe some risk of localized pollution here in Alberta but don’t see this adding to pollution across the entire country.
Canadian oil is almost without a doubt the cleanest oil you can get. You think Venezuela or the Middle East gives a shit about human rights and environmental care?
&gt; Canadian oil is almost without a doubt the cleanest oil you can get

And where do you get your facts from? PetroCan? Canadian oil is high sulfur, high density. Not just that but it requires an extremely resource intensive method to extract from the sands. Even if you factor in the (only claimed by you with zero evidence) "dirtiness" of Saudi Oil it would still be remarkably clean. That oil is among the easiest to access oil on earth.
Why does it have to be all or none? I think most people are genuinely supportive of environmentalism. Many people also realize that there’s a balance between the modern world and the environment. The difference is always going to be where people believe that balance should be struck.
Are you really defending Saudi oil right now? The country that literally executes gays and is trying to commit genocide against Yemen? You really think they should be the ones we get our oil from? Canada has some of the toughest environmental laws on oil in the world as well: 100% of all land that is used for oil extraction must be reclaimed to a self sustaining ecosystem as it was before. You’re also ignoring the fact that although it’s extracted very pure, it’s a ten thousand KM 2 trip both ways. Those tankers create a loooot of pollution too, something like the 16 biggest tankers create more pollution than all the cars in the world combined. But yeah, I guess Saudi Arabia, Nigeria and russia should be where we get our oil from instead, they’re the true beacons of hope for this dying planet
Because when scientific facts like climate change exist there isn't much room for compromise. Things are getting worse, and there is undeniable proof we are causing it. 

This means that unless action is taken quickly and effectively *a lot* of people are going to suffer due to short sighted greed and half-hearted "balance." You may as well be asking the frogs to look for balance in a heating pot.
&gt; Are you really defending Saudi oil right now? The country that literally executes gays and is trying to commit genocide against Yemen?

Way to move the goal posts from the environmental quality of the oil to human rights.

&gt;Canada has some of the toughest environmental laws on oil in the world as well: 100% of all land that is used for oil extraction must be reclaimed to a self sustaining ecosystem as it was before. 

That really won't stop the short term local pollution and long term global pollution from burning fossil fuels.

&gt;Those tankers create a loooot of pollution too, something like the 16 biggest tankers create more pollution than all the cars in the world combined.

Tankers that will be increasingly needed if Canada decides to expand our pipelines and invest further into fossil fuels... DO you enjoy contradicting yourself?

&gt; But yeah, I guess Saudi Arabia, Nigeria and russia should be where we get our oil from instead, they’re the true beacons of hope for this dying planet 

I',m not advocating your silly strawman where we turn off the oil like a sink tap. It has to be weaned away. What won't help this transition away from fossil fuels though is the bizarre attitude that Canada should literally do nothing because of other countries.

Unless nations do something climate change will get worse and worse. Acting like taking action is worse won't help. It's just putting fingers in your ears and yelling "BUT LOOK AT ALL THE MONEY WE CAN MAKE!"

Tell me, what would be *your* plan to get countries to stop consuming or extracting oil? Especially considering the biggest polluters also are oil producing nations.
And living through winter too
BP stats.  Must be very unbiased.
Only a real consumer whore would say that. Maybe feel shitty about our lack of public transportation and renewable energy.
&gt;soggy just putting fingers in your ears and pulling but look at all the rebel we can make me what would be your plays to get enemies to stop reflecting or spinning fat
&gt;"Isn't the Paris Agreement based on overall emissions?

&gt;And no, it's based on a country's overall emissions.


???
He's insinuating it's based on overall global emissions. It's based on a country's emissions, a reduction in a country's emissions to a historic level that is decided by the country.
&gt; In the end it's total production? So basically your saying because someone else is does something worse than us, because they have 10 times the population, then it's ok for us to be one of the worst polluters per capita in the world?

Um no - I'm saying the big picture is what matters. We can worry about things on an individual scale as well. If everyone in the US were individually producing less pollution - but the country was still overall the largest pollution producer in the world -- that's a win for you?

&gt;If that's your argument, then there's really no point in continuing. You're not even in the moral universe. 

Please explain the loss of morality between the total pollution produced by each country and the amount produced by each of its residents. 

&gt;How does it show that? Once again, it's per person that matters.

Please explain why per person matters - and total output does not.

&gt;Use your fucking brain.

Ah there we go - I read some of your previous posts and wondered when you'd start barking like a teenager.  

&gt;In fact, China is leading the way for green energy/solar cell development. While Canada is repealing the weak legislation we had. 

Cool - not according to the recorded annual output of pollution though...But hey those good intentions will save everything. 

&gt;Sorry, what's the topic? The Paris Agreement is a small step to avoid the potential end of organized human life. Does morality play no part in that? 

Show me the reductions the big polluters made after signing the agreement. Signing the agreement means nothing. Action and results are what matter. But of course not on a country-wide scale - that would be immoral!!!! According to you. We have to change habits at a individual level and that's all that matters - morally of course. lol ffs
&gt; He's insinuating it's based on overall global emissions.

I'm not insinuating anything. I am saying its based on each country's overall emissions. You're the one arguing it only matters that we reduce at an individual level due to morality. I guess industry doesn't matter to you.
"Um no - I'm saying the big picture is what matters. We can worry about things on an individual scale as well. If everyone in the US were individually producing less pollution - but the country was still overall the largest pollution producer in the world -- that's a win for you?"

The big picture? Really? So because you don't say anything with your replies, I can only assume that you're saying because China pollutes and other countries have more pollution overall, that absolves us from our duties. That's exactly what I expect from such a selfish turd. 

"Please explain the loss of morality between the total pollution produced by each country and the amount produced by each of its residents."

Because you and I can't control what other governments do. How do you not understand that? We are only responsible for our own actions. You can whine all you want about China and India like a child, but the fact is Canadians contribute multiple times the emissions they do per person. 

"Please explain why per person matters - and total output does not." 

No one said total output does not. Again, grow up. 

"Ah there we go - I read some of your previous posts and wondered when you'd start barking like a teenager."

Buddy, you sound like either a junior high school student or an older fella with the same level of education. 

"Cool - not according to the recorded annual output of pollution though...But hey those good intentions will save everything."

Good intentions? Jesus christ, they've only helped lower the cost of solar for everyone in the world. But hey, keep spouting out nonsense and make zero argument.

"Show me the reductions the big polluters made after signing the agreement. Signing the agreement means nothing. Action and results are what matter. But of course not on a country-wide scale - that would be immoral!!!! According to you. We have to change habits at a individual level and that's all that matters - morally of course. lol ffs"

Again, what does that have to do with us? You're like the trailer park trash that complains about immigrants taking your job even though you've never had a job or tried to fucking look for one. Take some responsible for your own actions for once, stop blaming it on everyone else.
&gt; The big picture? Really? So because you don't say anything with your replies, I can only assume that you're saying because China pollutes and other countries have more pollution overall, that absolves us from our duties. That's exactly what I expect from such a selfish turd. 

Well your **assumption** is wrong. I don't think it absolves any other country. I think each country is responsible to get its pollution under control and as fast as possible. So I'm guessing we agree on that. My issue was with someone saying that because the US wasn't a part of the Paris Accord it must be up there as one of the top polluters. It isn't. Sources were cited. As a side note - do you hope to change someone's mind to your way of thinking by calling them names or insulting them in some other way? Or are you mainly just replying to beat your chest?

&gt;Because you and I can't control what other governments do

Where did I argue that we could?

&gt;You can whine all you want about China and India like a child, but the fact is Canadians contribute multiple times the emissions they do per person. 

Which is irrelevant in the overall scheme. We can all go live in teepees and eat grass starting tomorrow and it won't make a difference of sweet fuck all. Apparently, it would make you feel better about yourself though - so there's that. 

&gt;No one said total output does not. Again, grow up. 

You did. You argue that only individual output matters. And that worrying about overall output is useless for some reason. I'm not sure how "growing up" changes that. 

&gt;Buddy, you sound like either a junior high school student or an older fella with the same level of education. 

Because I think you sound like a teenager when you tack an insult on to the end of each point you make? Or throw swears and insults around like you just learned them? Ouch - you really got me there. I truly am ashamed now. Also good call starting the sentence with "buddy" - hallmark term of the educated. 

&gt;Good intentions? Jesus christ, they've only helped lower the cost of solar for everyone in the world. But hey, keep spouting out nonsense and make zero argument.

Great - while simultaneously producing more pollution than any other country AND ramping it up as we move forward. But they signed the accord so its ok. 

&gt;Again, what does that have to do with us? You're like the trailer park trash that complains about immigrants taking your job even though you've never had a job or tried to fucking look for one

I don't even know how to respond - what are you even talking about?

&gt;Take some responsible for your own actions for once, stop blaming it on everyone else. 

First - the big polluters all did sign the agreement. And they made no reductions. That's why I asked you to show me the reduction's. But you know that already. 

&gt;Take some responsible for your own actions for once, stop blaming it on everyone else. 

Again - what are you talking about? Do you know me? I mean I get you resort to base emotions and insults and want to lash out but at least use something that's relevant ffs.
[removed]
The USA doesn’t have commitments under the Paris accord. What are you talking about.
Man I feel like it's mostly Albertan oil sands workers who have no other education and sit on Reddit during the day while everyone else re-educates themselves for a changing economic world.
Could spend the money training oil workers to become nuclear technicians, or something similar. Those other countries are gonna use oil anyway. I mean, we had a chance to industrialize, why can't they?
When Nigeria becomes a first world country they may stop profucing oil too. We had 100 years to trash the environment. Aren't they just following our example?
Doesn't the "tar" in "tar sands" give the impression that it's not the cleanest?
You're right, it's true. So what do we do about climate change?
How about a scholarly source lol. This isn't a grade 9 science report
Yay more consumption. Take that paris agreement.
Sure I agree with those 2 points. Let’s also go after the ridiculous packaging in all consumer products. Again though - I do my part but sure as fuck don’t feel guilty about living my life from day to day.
Well that's up to the government to try and create some new sector or boost a sector of our economy to replace the natural resource part of the economy. That really would be the only way, other than that we would have to rely on a basic income in order to prevent poverty from rising to crazy numbers I would imagine. I understand that it's awful that we have to affect the environment to continue our way of life but for the time being, but until we figure out a more environmentally friendly way of extracting, this is the way it will have to be unless everyone is OK with the economy crashing.
They set goals in preparation for committing to them in the Paris accord and despite not signing the Paris accord are on track to meet said goals.
Make sense. I can’t believe they are on track to
Meet them though. There seems to be lots of roll back on pollution regulation, I would have thought that created the opposite effect.
https://www.yahoo.com/news/us-track-meet-climate-targets-despite-trump-un-204113677.html

The thing is things were already going that anyways and a lot of people are actually trying to meet the goals in response to Trump not signing the Paris accord. Basically they weren't placated and decided to actually put in the work to make a difference, thought with China and Indian polluting the fuck out of the world on a global scale it's largely irrelevant.
Thanks for the info. Didn’t know that. Definitely agree with China and India comment. It’s frustrating that the politics of climate change seems to make people forget that it’s a global issue, and doing stuff regionally may not be the best global option.
It isn't a grade anything paper. It isn't a university paper either. Its a conversation about current events - I cited sources that pertain to current events. One is a peer reviewed scientific study and the other is a news source that has a lower bias rating than most mainstream media.
[removed]
Lol. Okay buddy
Airtight response... bud

have a look for yourself - here is the source I cited - 


https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/real-clear-politics/

And here are a few examples of mainstream media:

https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/abc-news/


https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/msnbc/


https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/cnn/


https://mediabiasfactcheck.com/npr/
How about an independent source other than BP oil? Probably someone who doesn't have millions of dollars invested.
Yep - just as soon as literally anyone else creates an up to date similar study. BP is invested in many more areas than the US. So by your rationale - shouldn't ALL the areas they are invested in - show a reduction or some type of good news? Because they sure don't.

Summary:
I am saying its based on each country's overall emissions.
And no, it's based on a country's overall emissions.
"Isn't the Paris Agreement based on overall emissions?
You really think they should be the ones we get our oil from?
In the end - its total production of pollution that matters.
"In the end - its total production of pollution that matters.
I believe both China and India signed?
I don't think it absolves any other country.
&gt; It would definitely create less pollution.
And also total reduction that matters.
And also total reduction that matters."
We are only responsible for our own actions.
Show me the reductions the big polluters made after signing the agreement.
"Show me the reductions the big polluters made after signing the agreement.
That's why I asked you to show me the reduction's.
&gt; In the end it's total production?
&gt; Anyone who isn't an embarrassing propagandist would not go by overall emissions

Isn't the Paris Agreement based on overall emissions?
I'm not even saying we should stop.
First - the big polluters all did sign the agreement.
You argue that only individual output matters.
It's not hard to think of reasons why stopping the extraction of oil creates less pollution.
Anyone who isn't an embarrassing propagandist would not go by overall emissions, they would go by emissions per capita.
&gt;"Isn't the Paris Agreement based on overall emissions?
US is actually one of the few countries on track to meet the paris agreement goals.
In the end it's total production?
If you want to prevent fossil fuel pollution each nation must work one step at a time.
If each nation never drops their production and consumption of oil, how will fossil fuel pollution end?
&gt;And no, it's based on a country's overall emissions.
We have to change habits at a individual level and that's all that matters - morally of course.
But if we dont, someone else will, with a worse human rights record.
Take some responsible for your own actions for once, stop blaming it on everyone else.
Because its not the topic of this one.
Because its not the topic of this one."
