Original Response:
[removed]
It’s no excuse, but large bodied people are discriminated against far far more than thin people. It’s a huge problem in many facets of life — housing, employment, healthcare, etc. I do not want to minimize your eating disorder - it’s a disease that deserves delicate and kind care, but generally speaking, in our culture fat = bad/weak ; skinny = good/disciplined.
I think the judgement comes from the harsh truth that it is rooted in reality, to some degree. 

If you are extremely obese it does indicate some lack of self-discipline, which is where the judgement comes from.  It also suggests lack of mobility and general activity, which is also something that is associated with laziness. It suggests that someone is powerless to their substance of choice, which is food. We do tell an alcoholic or a drug abuser that they are healthy in their addiction, so we have to stop doing it for morbid obesity, and give them the tools to help themselves.
What tools would you suggest - swaths of research are showing that dieting actually causes weight gain in the long run. Gastric bypass outcomes run the same lines. 

Additionally, many many studies are starting to emerge that battle the common obesity paradigm. A lot of research has been dedicated to the “obesity paradox”

Like drugs and alcohol, this is a multifaceted issue that involves socioeconomic barriers where our current “tools” fail.
You are not completely wrong, but it isn't just socioeconomic barriers, it is a cultural problem, and an overproduction of food. Many upper class people are obese as well. 

What I will say is that I notice there is a correlation between obesity and level of education. As a graduate student, I notice few of my peers are even overweight, let alone obese. I think the more you are aware in general, the more cognizant you become in regards to yourself as well.
So you’re saying it’s ok to fat shame someone because it’s good for them? You may want to rethink that. You are not telling them anything they they aren’t already aware of. Instead you might want to make the world a better place with a better understanding of people and with a kind heart. Best wishes for a good life for you.
&gt; What tools would you suggest - swaths of research are showing that dieting actually causes weight gain in the long run.

By people with an agenda.

The laws of thermodynamics will not be denied, if you put less gas in the tank than required you'll use up reserves. If you put in more than is required you save the excess.

Stupid fad crash diets that people follow for 2 weeks and then abandon will fail every time, because people go right back to the bad habits that got them that size in the first place. In that sense, yes 'dieting' doesn't work because most people aren't changing their diets so much as they are *failing* to change their diets. 

&gt;Gastric bypass outcomes run the same lines. 

Citation please? 

Cause these guys over at the [New England Journal of Medicine](https://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa1700459) tracked an average of 45KG (99lbs) of weight loss from gastric bypass after 12 years. Compared to their control group without surgery losing nothing.

100lbs after 12 years seems pretty successful to me. They've got a sample size well over 1000 people there too, so its probably not isolated results.
Can you point out where I suggested that it is good to fat shame? My entire immediate family is varying degrees of obese, and I am literally the only thin person. I am aware that it does not work to fat shame, or they'd all be eating portions comparable to my own. However, I have seen them put away food to know that part of it is a result of lack of discipline, and awareness as to what health portions actually look like. Quite simply they enjoy food quite a lot, and I am trying to inform them that is okay to enjoy food, but in moderation. 

You think the solution is to lie in their face? Sorry but obesity is often life and death for some, and it isn't appropriate to give everyone a participation medal and say that they're doing a good when it is obvious they are doing the bare minimum to be healthy. My mother is getting up there in age and she is MORBID in her obesity. You think that does not worry me? I have a right to feel concerned when loved ones poison themselves with food, so I am going to advocate for appropriate rations. I have to I inform her when I watch her have an unhealthy relationship with food, and I let her know if they want some tools to better address their dynamic with food that I am here for her, having broken the cycle myself.
Human beings are so much more than thermodynamics! 

I would argue the billions dollar/year diet industry are the by people with an agenda! But just my opinion.
Calories in calories out works without fail. Most programs in the diet industry do not use this principle or try to change eating habits in general for the long term, so they fail and then the people buy more "dieting" products. Doesn't discredit thermodynamics though.
&gt; Human beings are so much more than thermodynamics! 

If you wanna get philosophical, sure we are. 

If you are talking about how our bodies function. We obey the same laws of physics the rest of the universe does. 

&gt;I would argue the billions dollar/year diet industry are the by people with an agenda! But just my opinion. 

Sure, their agenda is to get paid, and they take advantage of the fact that people badly want some 'trick' to make them skinny with no effort on their part.
New England Journal of Medicine list the ethic and geographical demographics? Generally, speaking weight loss and weight control generally are more skewed to either coasts. 
 
Its not uncommon non for a Bariatric Surgeons to wait a year or so(from initial consultation), before performing stomach sleeve surgery, to ensure patient compliance.  They are 'helping' the data too.
&gt; New England Journal of Medicine list the ethic and geographical demographics?

It did, yes.

&gt;Its not uncommon non for a Bariatric Surgeons to wait a year or so(from initial consultation), before performing stomach sleeve surgery, to ensure patient compliance. They are 'helping' the data too. 

Uhh what?
It works in reverse with men. I'm a straight man who is semi-semi-regularly a victim of homophobic slurs and attacks. Being a slim, short man isn't fun.
Working diets don't cause weight gain long term. People not realizing that dieting/watching your food intake is something they need to do for the rest of their life are. A good diet is not over the second you are at your dream weight. A good diet is for life. People not commiting and not following through is what creates people getting fat again.

Dieting is really simple, but not easy.
Lots to unpack in this one, so let's start from the top.

&gt; Humans are so much more than thermodynamics

Alas, no one is more than the laws of physics. Thermodynamics, a theory so sound we have called it a *law*, is impossible to get round. If you think you know how this is possible, you would be next in line for a nobel prize.

Ignoring the fact that if people managed to gain weight on a calorie deficit no one would have ever starved to death, how do you explain the lack of any overweight people in concentration camps?

&gt; billions dollar/year diet industry are the by people with an agenda!

Secondly, this billion dollar industry's ($66 billion) revenue (+50%) mainly comes from diet sodas. Once you adjust for this, the numbers are much, much smaller. Much smaller than say the *fast food industry* ($200 billion in 2015, up from $6 billion in the 70s) who, as we all know, don't have an agenda. They do it to nourish the hungry tummies of the world, out of the goodness of their hearts.

I'm sure you heard of the (rediculous) Cancer Research Obesity campaign controvesey this year? May I ask what you think their agenda is, other than trying to prevent people from getting cancer?

I also see you mention 'swaths of research', care to share them here? I would be extremely interested in reading the hypothesis, methods &amp; results.

Finally, I will leave you with this. Weight loss is simple, but not easy.
I wish I could downvote this twice

Summary:
&gt; billions dollar/year diet industry are the by people with an agenda!
I would argue the billions dollar/year diet industry are the by people with an agenda!
A good diet is for life.
&gt;I would argue the billions dollar/year diet industry are the by people with an agenda!
By people with an agenda.
&gt; What tools would you suggest - swaths of research are showing that dieting actually causes weight gain in the long run.
&gt; Human beings are so much more than thermodynamics!
What tools would you suggest - swaths of research are showing that dieting actually causes weight gain in the long run.
Working diets don't cause weight gain long term.
