Original Response:
Thanks so much Reddit, for calling attention to the most worthy of ConsPiracy movements. You do our work for us.
Why would Reddit care if it gets more popular?
Because it's mods and owners are paid off by government to hide agendas. If they can't surpress it no spending monies.
Is that your fantasy? Mods and owners are paid to be against your slander?
Yeah I dream of it all day everyday. If you don't see how that front page of Reddit is manipulated man you're out your turret. 
My slander? Do you mean my right to free speech and to be able to say what the fuck I want when want. If that's slander in your eyes you have a nice life.
You know there are limits to free speech right?
Yeah and according to Reddit that's fucking everything that isn't left!
Nah
Errrm yaaah r/all enough said.
You’re just dramatic
Lol that's the politest Insult I've had today! Have a fackin upvote!
Yea I’m not here to argue with you. Just bring you back to reality a little bit
I think my reality I've come to terms with is a lot more depressing and real than yours mate but I wouldn't change it for the world. I don't need bringing back to the smoke and mirrors I thinks yours is still , I've been there it sucks. Thanks anyway.
I mean you’re the master of your own reality. It’s not my fault mental illness has caused you to create a dreary one.
Oh passive aggressive that game. Have a nice day.
Paid off by corporations and individuals. Government is just bought.
That's not really the case, although you can commit crimes with your speech. It's not the speech which is illegal, it's the intended real world harm which makes it illegal.
Hey man, no kink-shaming.
[removed]
His dream existence is to insult people on Reddit.  Livin' the dream I'd guess.
Yeah, just look at facebook how that narrative enforcement worked out for them.

What these retards don't realize is that the effect of your actions are felt with a considerable delay, and at the point when visitor count starts dropping it is too late to change direction. Facebook and reddit are soon known in the same context as myspace.
Lol yeah right

Summary:
Yeah I dream of it all day everyday.
Mods and owners are paid to be against your slander?
I mean you’re the master of your own reality.
If that's slander in your eyes you have a nice life.
