Original Response:
My gf Tabitha and I have been together for 6 years now. Needless to say things are serious and we’re both wanting to move forward with the relationship. We have been amazing together but we have some basic disagreements on religion. 

My gf is catholic although not the most committed person to it. She goes to church about once or twice a month.  I however am an atheist and as you can guess this leads to some disagreements. We have never had problems with our differing views on the world. We agree to disagree normally and just move on. 

Now this issue has come when we are wanting to progress our relationship. We are wanting to get married and have children. The big issue is kids. We both want them but disagree on how they should be raised when it comes to religion. She would obviously like them to attend church. I would be perfectly okay with them going to church as long as it’s their choice and not her forcing them. 

I was forced as a child to attend church and remember how much I hated it. It really doesn’t matter to me if my future children are religious. I couldn’t care less if they prayed to a Flying Spaghetti Monster as long as it’s their choice. 

Tabitha thinks they won’t attend or will be very resistant unless she pushes them towards it in the beginning. Well things devolved a little here as I contended maybe there’s something wrong with religion then if you have to force people or brain wash them into going(probably wasn’t the best choice of words). 

TLDR: reddit help me navigate through this touchy subject. We love each other and want things to work out but I am at a loss for what to do here. I feel like I am being very understanding by giving our future children the choice but my wife just seems unwilling to compromise.
This is a pretty fundamental difference.  It's easy to downplay how important it is now, when you are just dating, but as you can see....as your relationship gets more serious, kids, etc - this is going to be a bigger issue.

&amp;#x200B;

All that said.  What is your plan to allow your kids to "choose"?  I mean, as it sounds,  you plan on raising them atheist, and then when they take the initiative to be religious, enable that.  That *sounds* great, but isn't practical.  If you never expose them to religion...how are they supposed to know?  We are talking about *children*, not rational adults.

&gt;something wrong with religion then if you have to force people or brain wash them into going

Kids don't like school...yet we make them go!  So as much as I agree that religion thrives off of brainwashing, I don't really agree with the point you are trying to make.    There is a difference between giving kids structure, ie "forcing" them to do things, vs brainwashing.  I think you and your GF need to find a middle ground and its not just her that needs to compromise.
If they wish to seek out and go to church or study it I would be A okay with this. I’d even be willing to attend a church with them. I am concerned strictly from the point of view that religion is basically a lie. There is 0 evidence to support any of it being real.  The earth wasn’t created in 7 days etc. I want them to understand they are making a choice to believe in something with 0 proof. I know that sounds harsh but that’s the fact of the situation. Once again I have no problem with them believing as long as they understand what they are doing.
And to me this sounds like a fundamental difference between you and your GF.   You are basically saying that you want to raise your kids completely atheist, present religion as a "lie", and then "let" them choose.  I don't see how that is in any way a "choice"?  How is that "objective"?  Looking at these comments, you show a real bias in your views as well:  " earth wasn’t created in 7 days " isn't a Catholic belief.  So I don't see how you plan to objectively let you kids decide, when you can't even respect the belief's of your GF enough to differentiate them from other Christian denominations?

I also think you are being more than a bit naive to the intellectual capacity of children.   

&amp;#x200B;

I'm an ex-Catholic atheist but don't have or want kids.  I'd suggest looking into some of the resources out there for atheists since this topic has been covered more than once before.  I know I've heard it discussed in podcasts etc.  You should seek them out.  Raising children to think critically isn't about bashing (christian) religion.
I am not saying I want to raise them completely atheist. I am saying there are several points of the Bible that are completely incorrect. I want my future children to understand regardless of what religious officials say many aspects of the Bible are false. They also should understand the Catholic Church doesn’t have the most accepting opinion of people with a different sexual orientation. That supporting the church also supports this kind of thinking. That they are making a conscious decision to believe in something that is at its very core irrational. None of my previous statements have been factually incorrect. I want my children to learn to question things and need more proof to believe in something than because someone told me so.
Right, but you understand a lot of this is age dependent, yes? You can't explain to a two year old that the Bible is a collection of historical thoughts and writings, not empirical fact, and expect her to grasp that as she toddles off to Sunday school. A child cannot simultaneously hold two conflicting ideas in equipoise. That's a thorny matter for a more mature human being.

You both need to flesh out your understanding of this stuff, well before you start producing little catholic atheists.
Hon, you’re not compatible with this woman. I know you’re trying to find the magic words that will *make* her see things your way, but they don’t exist. 

You know how I know? I was raised Catholic. Eventually left of my own volition, but there’s not a man on earth that could have convinced me to compromise my faith before I was ready. That’s not how faith works. You can rage at it all you like, but at the end of the day, your girlfriend wants mandatory church for her children, at least until they reach the age of reason, and you don’t. You’re never going to agree on it. And frankly, I see her point - some kids won’t wear *clothes* unless you force them to do so. She has no reason to believe that young children would willingly go somewhere where they have to sit quietly for an hour and listen to adults talk about stuff they don’t understand yet. She knows full well that she’d likely have to take the choice out of their hands. 

If you can’t accept that, part ways and wish her well. It just wasn’t meant to be.
If you want your kids to learn to question things, you’re gonna have to accept that one of the first things they’ll question is *you*. After all, if you can’t prove that God exists, you can’t prove that God *doesn’t* exist either. If you’re a hard-ass about religion being bullshit and the Bible being full of lies, be prepared to end up in the role of “Authority Figure” who must be questioned and rebelled against. Don’t fall prey to the appeal of dogmatic atheism. The world is too complicated to divide into “Religion Bad, Skeptics Good.”
[deleted]
You don't even respect this person. How could you when you think the thing they subscribe their life to is a lie? It tells me you think she must not be all that smart. And hey, I get it, I'm also an atheist. It makes 0 sense to me why otherwise rational adults believe in this stuff. But that's why I don't date religious people, and sure as shit would NEVER have a kid with one. This isn't going to work out.
You can still instill particular values in your children without worrying about the particulars of what the church teaches - so long as you and your partner share these values.

The majority of my family are Catholic. I would consider myself agnostic (I don't believe in a higher power, but am open to the idea that there might be something if the appropriate proof were provided, as opposed to an agnostic that believes there is probably something, they just don't know what it is), and for the most part, I haven't had to cut off my family or ignore them. They're cool with the LGBT community (which is a relief for me, let me tell you!) and they aren't anti-science. Catholicism is more likely just a tradition that's been passed down, and that they've adopted as their faith. But they're still good people, and I don't honestly find my world view regularly challenged by them. We just live our lives.

To me, compromise with your partner wouldn't be centered on the religious side of things, it would be more in line with "what kinds of humans do we want to raise? How do we achieve this together?" and then go from there. But if you guys find that you can't sit down and nut out issues you want to present a united front on, then you have more problems than whether or not your children will be made to attend church.
Hey u/818throwaway22 , just wanted to say I think its pretty fucked up that youre being downvoted for not wanting your kids to be raised homophobic (and also very sexist, btw - my uncle made the choice you would have to make and their religious ceremonies include wishing for the girls to grow up "obedient" etc). 

&amp;#x200B;

However, imho everyone else is right in that this is a very fundamental incompatibility. As parents, you will have to be on the same page. You can't teach kids "being gay is wrong" and "being gay is a-okay" simultaneously, it won't work. You need to draw your own conclusions from that, but don't downplay it.

Summary:
You know how I know?
and then go from there.
I don't see how that is in any way a "choice"?
I want them to understand they are making a choice to believe in something with 0 proof.
I am not saying I want to raise them completely atheist.
We both want them but disagree on how they should be raised when it comes to religion.
You are basically saying that you want to raise your kids completely atheist, present religion as a "lie", and then "let" them choose.
We are wanting to get married and have children.
I would be perfectly okay with them going to church as long as it’s their choice and not her forcing them.
We love each other and want things to work out but I am at a loss for what to do here.
Once again I have no problem with them believing as long as they understand what they are doing.
