Original Response:
Edit: Should've included, if you can't last that long, what factors do you believe affect that?
depends on the day.  Sometimes I can go forever and have to mentally try to orgasm.  Other times I can barely last 2 minutes and have to bite my own fingers to distract myself.  

It's really annoying.  Sometimes I'm a porn star.  Sometimes I'm a two pump chump.  I'd really love to know the reason myself.
Lol, two pump chump. At least you know how to call it! 😂
It be like that though, so no worries 😂😂😂
This
Agree. I think it depends on a lot of factors but i dont think women understand what they can do to a man. Thats why not matter what, i always go strong on foreplay.
This. Ive also found that a little bit of alcohol helps. Any where near drunk and its a shit show
Lil jimmy norton?
For me it's mostly stress related. If you focus and control your breathing you can pretty much go for 30 minutes easily. Also people when they're about to orgasm tense up their muscles. You can try just relaxing your whole body. Hope that helps ;)
Described precisely.
ERB: Adam VS Eve.
Two pump chumps and you are hung like a weasel.
Do yourself a favor and get a pine needle.
I read on here once that if you go pee before scrumping, you'll last longer.  So I tried it, and it actually worked.

You have to push like a mofo and get every last drop out, but I couldn't believe that it really worked.  Maybe it's a kegel thing?
r/O&amp;A leaking?
Yeah same here sometimes I have to mentally Help myself other times my GF makes me cum in like a minute
This was what I expected any honest answer to be. My first thought was that going at a steady medium pace without stopping sounds a little dull, but if I was trying to think how long my husband would last doing so, it still just depends on the moment. 

Sometimes he's more sensitive than others, sometimes more aroused mentally ahead of time, sometimes he can go for what feels like ages and is multiorgasmic, other times he's one and done over the course of, like, 10 minutes. Too many possible factors out of his control, haha.
Also depends on how long since last tone. If it’s been a week and I haven’t taken care of business myself, I could be fine before she gets undressed. If I did take care of business, a few minutes. And if we did it the day before, it could be an honest 10 minutes when she’s telling me, finish already!
*ditch the figleaf and get yourself a pine needle
LPT. Get drunk. Last longer.
it's from the pseudo rhyme "A two pump chump is a round two champ"
And never cum again.
Found it

[Jim Norton- The Two Jump Chump](https://youtu.be/c4SA1_VJV7c)
From a woman’s perspective, this can be a negative. Its no fun fucking a guy who is hammered &amp; never going to cum.
Same here
I think it has to do with the fact that the muscles you tense to stop yourself from peeing are right in there with the muscles that tense as you near orgasm. So it stands to reason that if those are already tense from having to pee, you'll come quicker, and vice versa.

Note: this is entirely off the cuff advice. I have no real knowledge of this, just my own experience.
I am a straight woman, and that’s the point I was making. Same applies for men having sex with men too I assume. It’s typically not a fun experience for either of you, nothing kills the mood like having to make a joint decision to stop because it’s not going to happen during drunk sex. Orgasms really are the ‘climax’ and they bring that element of post-sex closeness and those sweet endorphins.
Pee before sex, that will make you last longer
What do you mean?
Fuck.. Yes I missed that part!
Absolutely. I refuse to have sex with my husband if he is too drunk because its super sloppy annoying and lasts for fucking ever.
Actually i think it really depends on how long does make out last.it’s a really important factor.
Yup. This.
Definitely include a "how many times have I got my rocks off recently" factor. If the recent frequency is high, there is a much greater chance of porn star grade performance.
Or vitamin b12...
This sounds like a fun experiment I am going to have to test your theory good sir... 

Although I do have my doubts... my vitamins must be flawed otherwise. 🤔
This is priceless. "Two pump chump" is my new favorite expression.
That's exactly how I'd describe my sex life lol it's a flip of the coin
Not to mention alcohol makes it harder for the woman to cum too. I get plenty wet, and the orgasm is right on the horizon, but I most often end up frustrated &amp; sore. I’d trade the orgasm for how good the sex feels &amp; is while drunk tho, any day!
Come again?
I've noticed that when I do core exercises I can last longer in bed. If I'm a fat fuck and let my belly grow? I can't last as long.
He means, make sure the girl is satisfied before going into sex because it could be an off day where you last 2 minutes instead of a long time. I know that if my girl says she is about to orgasm, I get super turned on and almost cum instantly even if I wasn't remotely near cumming. Luckily I make sure she orgasms a few times before sex.
I had a cold took a 3-4 of them on recommendations from family. nothing could finish me off. Was more freaking out since I didn't know what caused.
I'm on antidepressants, which impact my latency time sort of erratically, so this is how I am, too.
Exactly, over 45 minutes of drunk sex, in my experience, usually means it's going to last way longer than either parties want it to.
Same here, I get really into it but I've never ended up having an orgasm when I'm drunk.

Summary:
I can't last as long.
Pee before sex, that will make you last longer.
Luckily I make sure she orgasms a few times before sex.
Same here, I get really into it but I've never ended up having an orgasm when I'm drunk.
Sometimes I can go forever and have to mentally try to orgasm.
Sometimes I'm a two pump chump.
Yeah same here sometimes I have to mentally Help myself other times my GF makes me cum in like a minute.
I read on here once that if you go pee before scrumping, you'll last longer.
If I did take care of business, a few minutes.
