Original Response:
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.

Now being posted at 10pm eastern!

https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74
What's goin on folks? How are we tonight? 

Had a nice easy day with the wife and dogs. Smoked some ribs for dinner.

Watching: WWE Hell In a Cell. Been surprisingly good.

Vaping: StrawKiwi and Pink Punch.

Drinking: Deschutes Fresh Haze.

What's up with you? Any good vapes? Beers? Other drinks?
The real first  ^    How were the ribs?
The ribs were awesome. Smoky, sweet and spicy, with just enough resistance to the meat to keep them from being fall off the bone...
Hey my dude! How’s it going! Imperial biscotti break tonight for me.
Sounds like a good day man, I always love some ribs. Dinner for me was rib eyes, maryland blue crabs, lamb shoulder, shrimp, and various veggies(it was a big party). Vaping Snowdrift in my centaur and tigers blood in my smm.
Always a solid choice.

\#summerstouts4lyfe
&lt;3 \#summerstouts4lyfe indeed
[Not by my timestamps](https://imgur.com/a/MfhckAA). Lol.
T'was a very good day. Zero complaints.

If I had one, it's be the waking up at 730 unable to go back to sleep, but whatevs..
He's being nice because he had his response locked and loaded.

I'm with you though. Doesnt matter how you get there, first is first..
Nice, good to hear. Waking up early does suck though hah.
Absofuckinglutely
Hell yeah, I ate pop tarts for dinner
I’m just being nice, I copy and paste my response because I have to drive for work 2 minutes after the thread goes up
It does, but less than sleeping till 11 on a Sunday and having to be at work at 8am Monday, haha...

This adulting shit is for the fucking birds...
I was just being facetious. Lol. One of the forums I frequent (Fark) has a filter that changes "First" to boobies, so I was brought up to care, but only in a sarcastic way.
Boobies
It truly is the worst.
Bwahahahaha!
Glad to see you stuck around. I've felt bad and like a gatekeeper since our first interactions... :-/
Oh, where you called me a child pornographer? /s

Seriously I'm kidding, that accusation was never made, nor would it be true!

Lol srsly tho man, it'll take more than that to make me leave, haha
Yes that one!  

Thick skin is need around here. We're a blunt people on this sub.
That's fine. So am I.

Douchebag.

😄
Eyyy I’m in the screen shot :)
I like you already.
You say that like I care.

Haha, man, I'm pretty easy to get along with.

Summary:
Sounds like a good day man, I always love some ribs.
I was just being facetious.
Smoked some ribs for dinner.
T'was a very good day.
The real first  ^    How were the ribs?
You say that like I care.
