Original Response:
Today marks the second time I've seen a permastealth deadeye camping in towers and castles. Some people thought there was a bug when necro marks started going off but it was a deadeye maintaining stealth for long durations. I don't play deadeye but fighting one that you can't see or hit in a large roam-able space (and can one shot you) has been almost impossible with certain classes who do not have a single stealth reveal. I don't like to complain about imbalance, but it's irritating when half the players in EBG are yelling at each other about whether the deadeye was still in inner castle or not (btw he still was, and yes, people drained castle supplies for stealth traps for this one thief). What traits and utility skills do they use to maintain their permastealth? Do yall think this is a problem too or am I missing some counter-play or something (was playing mesmer spamming gs skill 5).
I don't know anything about thieves and I'm not very good at WvW and PvP, but honestly, it's annoying. I get one shot by deadeyes constantly in PvP. Sometimes I manage to dodge that one skill, sometimes not. Yesterday I got hit by it with 35k damage and I'm just desperate at this point. How the fuck am I supposed to counter that? I either time my dodges badly or I get stunned eitherway and I don't have endless stunbreaks. I mean. What the fuck. When I try to stun them or knock them down, they just stealth and run away and kill me. It's just incredibly frustrating.
It gets even worse when you have high ping and/or low FPS then there is no way to react.
Well, if you were hit by 35k damage, you definitely took multiple three round bursts and let them build up malice. The good part is, at least against thief you lived that long, any other good ranged class wouldve killed you in that time.

As for how youre supposed to counter it, pretty straightforward. Reflects on their three round bursts (kills them), dodge the very obviously telegraphed Death's Judgement, get your teams thief/Mesmer to kill the Deadeye for you (Deadeye has 0 chance escaping a thief or Mesmer), break line of sight if youre on a map where thats possible, or just apply condi pressure on them (they falter to conditions quite badly).
There is a giant orange line from the theif to the target when they shoot from reveal, it is easy to dodge.
Not if you're in a group fight at mid.
[well, it seems so.](https://imgur.com/a/WkGN2o3) I just know that I left the base, both Mirage and Deadeye were camping in front of it and within a few seconds I was dead.   


I don't have any reflect skills I think, since I play Scourge. :/ but I'll keep that in mind if I ever swap to another class. I'm gonna pay more attention now, it's just new to me, I've never experienced one shots like that in other seasons, idk if I was just lucky.
Well, thats 2 Deaths Judgement (or one that hit twice, which would be a bug?). Given that you were only marked once, either you did get unlucky and got killed by a weird bug, or you survived the first one and managed to get hit by another one.

Scourge on his own definitely has a harder time, seeing how Deadeye is at least to some degree meant to counter Scourge. That being said, you do ludicrous amount of condi burst that a thief has a very hard time dealing with, so if you dont have to fight someone else off, focus on the Deadeye and condibomb him, while dodging his DJ. Or hug your firebrand if said Firebrand is good.

You were. Oneshots have been around for a long time, though usually its Mesmer and sometimes Ranger/Warrior (as thieves oneshot builds are too gimmicky and just not worth it compared to the regular decap and +1 build).
Or a zerg fight.
you open with DJ build malice for the 3 seconds of reveal and then end with DJ
which is exactly the point, they are gank builds that are designed to be most effective when you don't know that they are there. If you know that they are there, then it's not an issue. So it's not overpowered, it has a very specific use and is not that useful in most other scenarios
I never said that it's overpowered.
yes, but the complaint still doesn't make sense. In the middle of a zerg fight or objective cap, while your attention is elsewhere, ANY gank build can do the exact same thing to you, not just deadeyes. If anything rangers and mesmers can be much more effective because they can spike you hard with minimal setup required and while maintaining full mobility.

Summary:
I get one shot by deadeyes constantly in PvP.
I never said that it's overpowered.
Sometimes I manage to dodge that one skill, sometimes not.
How the fuck am I supposed to counter that?
