Original Response:
[deleted]
The argument is so shallow. Just because CM Punk was allowed in the UFC that doesn't mean a) that they have to do it again and b) that Dana hasn't learned from the mistake
&gt; that Dana hasn't learned from the mistake

Dana, looking at PPV sales of UFC 203: what mistake?
203 was only like the 50th highest grossing PPV in UFC history, so it's not that big of a deal. Punk also probably has a pretty decent contract with PPV points so the UFC didn't make that much profit with the 150-200k buys he added.

225 only had 250k buys, so the Punk effect was already gone after 1 fight but the PR hit for signing him is permanent. I doubt that anyone from the UFC brass wants to repeat the Punk experience.
No, no. Something shitty happened and now it needs to keep happening forever in the name of consistency. Does that make since, B?
&gt; 203 was only like the 50th highest grossing PPV in UFC history, so it's not that big of a deal.

Well, it depends on the context at the time, and who else was selling what doesn't it? There are probably Liddell cards on that list that sold more but they don't matter to what the UFC is making today, which was probably the concern when the fight was made. 

The UFC as it stood when it booked Punk was starved for any "star".

&gt;Punk also probably has a pretty decent contract with PPV points so the UFC didn't make that much profit with the 150-200k buys he added.

https://www.forbes.com/sites/mattconnolly/2017/04/07/cm-punk-made-at-least-1-million-in-ufc-debut-wife-and-former-wwe-star-aj-lee-confirms/#cbe4b2440bd1

&gt;Punk, while not at their level of popularity, still accounted for the UFC’s best buy rate of 2016 outside of cards headlined by Lesnar, Rousey or Conor McGregor, whose pay-per-views all topped 1 million buys.

&gt;With all of the intrigue from UFC and WWE fans surrounding how Punk would fare in the Octagon compared to the squared circle, an estimated 450,000 units were sold in the U.S. for UFC 203. With domestic UFC PPVs costing $50-$60 (SD/HD), Punk’s salary actually worked out to be quite the bargain for Dana White and co.
Nothing you posted or linked contradicts what I said. You just explained the thinking that went into signing Punk, nobody knew at the time that he would embarrass himself and, more importantly, the UFC. He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day. UFC 225 did not sell well, and Punk was guaranteed 500k, so he was probably a net negative on that card.

To put it into a nutshell, neither from a financial perspective nor from a PR perspective was Punk a success story for the UFC. Dana and the brass apparently learned from it and won't make a similar move in the future. Not that hard to grasp.
&gt; Punk also probably has a pretty decent contract with PPV points so the UFC didn't make that much profit with the 150-200k buys he added.

Points are like scraps, a tiny chunk.
203 was sandwiched in between 200, 202 &amp; 205 as well as 207, 4 cards that did over a million buys, 250k is insignificant
&gt;
203 was sandwiched in between 200, 202 &amp; 205 as well as 207, 4 cards that did over a million buys

Literally all but one of those by Conor, and Conor was supposed to headline 200 (which literally only comes around once).

You can obviously see the problems with that from the perspective of the UFC. What happens if Conor is not able to fight? What about the insane leverage he has?

No company wants to exist in this state for long without mitigating it.
They all literally only come around once.
Cute.
&gt; He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day.

Please, show me the math that says Punk’s paycheck exceeds the UFC’s added revenue from 150–200k PPV sales.
&gt;Please, show me the math that says Punk’s paycheck exceeds the UFC’s added revenue from 150–200k PPV sales.

Well, first of all I never talked about *exceeding*, that's a word you brought in. 150-200k buys were worth about $4 to $5.5 million at the time after the 50/50 split with the PPV providers. We don't really know what Punk earned except that his disclosed payout was $500,000 (at 116 Carwin had an disclosed payout of $40,000 when in reality he made over $2 million), and that his real payout was seven figures plus. We also don't know if Punk got a signing bonus or/and any other kind of payment between the time he signed his UFC contract and his UFC debut that you'd have to factor in the equation.
So basically you cannot back up your assertion that

&gt; He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day.

not your assertion that

&gt; he was probably a net negative on that card.
I can back up these claims *much* better than you can deny them. Where is your proof that he was financially worth it? You can't even prove that the card sold more PPVs because Punk was on it, it is just an assumption. Why I am the only one who has to deliver proof?

Let's recap, the only point you have in this argument is an basic assumption but I have to deliver evidence from confidential agreements between Punk and the UFC or else my complete point (that Punk wasn't a big financial success) is void in your eyes. Talk about a double standard.
That’s how proof in debate (and law) works: the person asserting a fact has to prove it. I’m not asserting that Punk made a net profit for the UFC. I simply don’t know, but you are pretending that you do.
I disagree with you, because what you just said is just an easy and lazy out for you out of any discussion. *No, YOU have to prove it, not me!*

But let's pretend I agree with you to save time, and then you are still wrong. Because this whole comment chain was started by a dude claiming that UFC 203 was a huge success without ever proving it, and according to your logic, that means I'm right because he can't prove it. (Because even if he were right that 203 was a financial success, it is impossible for the public to gain access to evidence that would prove it.)

EDIT: Btw, I never "asserted facts", I used words like "probably" and presented a (well-sourced imo) theory on an internet message board why the UFC won't sign another scrub with name value like they did with Punk. And you wanna act like this is the court of law 😂
My criticism of you does not mean I necessarily agree with the other guy. Take that up with him.

You definitely made factual assertions. You said:

&gt; He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day.

Where’s the “probably” there? You asserted that he added 150–200k buys to the card. You asserted he had a seven figure pay day. You asserted that that seven figure payday almost completely offset the added buys.

Your words, not mine.
&gt;My criticism of you does not mean I necessarily agree with the other guy. Take that up with him.

No you don't understand your own logic. I already won this argument because I challenged someone else's assertion, and he couldn't present evidence while I don't need to present evidence. Again, this is why I won this argument according to your very own logic. (Cute how you try to be obtuse here)

&gt;Where’s the “probably” there?

I wrote the word "probably" two times, "apparently" one time, used "don't know" two times

&gt;You asserted that he added 150–200k buys to the card

In a sentence where I used the word "probably"

&gt;You asserted he had a seven figure pay day

I didn't assert it, that's according to the link YOU posted (you are so obtuse it's incredible)

&gt;You asserted that that seven figure payday almost completely offset the added buys.

I just quote what I actually wrote, so you see how far you bend my words to fit your crazy narrative:

&gt;Punk also probably has a pretty decent contract with PPV points so the UFC didn't make that much profit with the 150-200k buys he added.

Last one:
&gt;Your words, not mine.

Actually, these were *your* words, technically and intellectually. If you would have wanted to present my words, you could have just quoted them.
&gt;No you don't understand your own logic. I already won this argument because I challenged someone else's assertion, and he couldn't present evidence while I don't need to present evidence.

You did win in the sense that you correctly pointed out that the other poster had not proven his assertion. That does not, however, mean that you have proven your own assertion.

My own view is that both sides are making assertions they can't back up. The truth is we just don't know.

&gt;I wrote the word "probably" two times, "apparently" one time, used "don't know" two times

Those words modify the statements to which they are attached, and not others in the same comment. If I say "You are probably the world's biggest liar. You even lied to your own mother about your high school report card", would you say I am not asserting the fact stated in the second sentence, because there was a "probably" in the sentence before it? That's not how this works.

&gt;In a sentence where I used the word "probably"

Simply untrue. Here is your whole paragraph: "Nothing you posted or linked contradicts what I said. You just explained the thinking that went into signing Punk, nobody knew at the time that he would embarrass himself and, more importantly, the UFC. **He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day.** UFC 225 did not sell well, and Punk was guaranteed 500k, so he was **probably** a net negative on that card."

The only statement you caveated was the final effect, i.e. that he was a net negative on that card, and that was in a separate sentence which came after the statement we are discussing.

&gt;I didn't assert it, that's according to the link YOU posted (you are so obtuse it's incredible)

Really? Show me where I posted any link here.

&gt;Actually, these were *your* words, technically and intellectually. If you would have wanted to present my words, you could have just quoted them.

Technically, fair enough (and I did quote them as well). But "intellectually", are you seriously suggesting that the sentence "**He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day**" does not contain those three assertions?
&gt;You did win

Well, this took a long time but I'm glad you finally admit it. Thank you!
You won against that guy and lost against me, if that’s what you care about. Neither of you can back up your claims. I can: based on the same facts you have pointed to, we simply can’t know if Punk was profitable for that card or not, and if so, how profitable.
&gt;You won against that guy and lost against me

No you just inserted yourself in a ongoing discussion, unfortunately you can't win that discussion according to your very own rules on how to win arguments.
Do you agree with my last sentence or not? Take your “win”. Do you agree that we just can’t know?
Dude I always said that we can't know for sure because we don't have access to the necessary evidence. Like, have you read my comments? I never claimed this to be more than a theory based on circumstantial evidence.
Cheers, nice to agree.
Took us a looooong time. Have a good one!

Summary:
You asserted that he added 150–200k buys to the card.
You asserted he had a seven figure pay day.
not your assertion that

&gt; he was probably a net negative on that card.
You asserted that that seven figure payday almost completely offset the added buys.
He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day.
**He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day.
&gt; He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day.
You said:

&gt; He added 150-200k to a single card and it was almost completely offset by his seven figure pay day.
Punk also probably has a pretty decent contract with PPV points so the UFC didn't make that much profit with the 150-200k buys he added.
&gt; Punk also probably has a pretty decent contract with PPV points so the UFC didn't make that much profit with the 150-200k buys he added.
&gt;Punk also probably has a pretty decent contract with PPV points so the UFC didn't make that much profit with the 150-200k buys he added.
