Original Response:
Jesus this is the terrifying part of vaping.
I’ve heard plenty of horror stories and took all the precautions and it still ended up happening. Just make sure to frequently check your mods and batteries. Always put them in a safe place away from flammable materials. I was just lucky it happened on my glass coffee table instead of a wood side table or something.
This post just reminded me I have a voopoo drag tucked away under my bed... with some questionble batteries in it. /s about the questionable batteries part, but they do have batteries in it, gotta fix that.
Take those suckers out! Better safe than sorry my dude.
It's very rare from the getgo and people being injured even moreso.

Even if cigarettes didn't cause cancer, they still injure tons more people/property due to fire. Heck, most of the spontaneous human combustion instances are found to be nothing more than cigarettes+obesity+carelessness.
Tske it out ASAP, battery can leak or damage the mod. Or even worse hurt you, better safe than sorry! Local shops should be anle to rewrap that sucker for you.
What? What does being obese have to do with anything?
It's super bad for you and it's entirely self inflicted. Seems pretty similar to smoking.
Human fat and the fatty fluids are extremely flammable, when a larger person ignites properly they can go off like they have been doused in petrol, hence the spontaneous human combustion myth/legend.
But what about, uh,... muh condishuns?
The human body is also mainly water and lasers are commonly used in liposuction to melt fat. This isn't a good explanation.  Humans don't just ignite no matter how fat they are. And once dried out I imagine we all have enough fat for a good burning.

Being morbidly obese and/or and elderly makes it more difficult to move and is a much more likely reason as to why they couldn't put out the fire.
Yes, thought you were implying obese people are easily flammable though. Definitely more than just being fat and falling asleep with a cigarette that causes people to go up in flames.
That's very much the line of thinking some people subscribe to.
 Rationalizing your own failures is cowardice and there is no good antidote to that poison. Being fat and having an excuse is just a bigger problem being expressed physically.
No doubt. Fat certainly makes you more flammable but it's usually the furniture that keeps the fire going. The curious part is how the victims stay asleep during the ordeal, likely asphyxiating before they know something is wrong.

These are all reasons modern furniture is chock full of fire retardants.
I believe it's referring to the extreme end of morbid obesity where an individual can't walk.
Heated fat when combined with various other materials creates various types of explosives. In a fire, when the human body is ignited down to the fat layer and is contaminated with substances in the immediate area leads to an violent explosion, hence the more fat you have, the bigger the boom and the foundation of the myth of people just spontaneously combusting. Water has 0 to do with anything.
You're right, of course. It is, admittedly though, very easy to fall into the trap of rationalization, as many vapers know from their (chain)smoking times. I mean, there's a shit ton of neurotransmitters and stuff involved. As someone that's never been even slightly obese, I imagine there's powerful biochemical processes going on in cases of people who eat a ton of garbage in order to self-soothe and stuff like that, too.

We're basically programmed by evolution (or god or whatever you prefer) to do shit that "feels good" (=releases dopamine) and doesn't kill us immediately. It's just that our ancestors, before agriculture especially, very rarely ran into a bunch of carbohydrates, say honey, in which case they'd immediately splurge on that shit in order to build up some fat reserves.

Basically, our built-in survival mechanisms from hunter-gatherer times are a weakness in modern times. However, where we'll probably agree is that what doesn't exactly help in light of all this is the normalization of morbid obesity by all these magazines and other propaganda. If you stumble upon some "fat acceptance" activists anywhere on the internet you'll soon find out that these people *raise hell* and even try to get into trouble any doctor who will tell them "you know, maybe your knees hurt and your heart is having troubles because, uh, you're a five foot lady who weighs 420 pounds."
Most cases are obese and the elderly and they're also usually intoxicated so they likely have difficulty moving and doing much when it's noticed.
If they're exploding water and other liquids likely do play a part, as the body burns the liquids inside of you will begin to heat and build up pressure within the body.

Haven't seen any cases were people are violently exploding though.
Very true. Humans do weird things when they're literally on fire. It's not something their brains are well adapted for.
&gt; Jesus this is the terrifying part of ~~vaping~~ using any electronic device. 

Do you remember [cellphones explode as well](https://youtu.be/9Xo1sHmtisg) and anything that has battery in it.
Counterfeit batteries are a problem, yes. Try and scan that fake QR code on the 18650s. I've had these batteries show up in customers mods and I advise them to change them.

Fake QR code is first way to identify the fakes.

Edit spelling.
I've never had an issue with my mod/batteries and I'm still terrified haha. Guess it's better to be overly cautious.
Vapes explode more than batteries. Wtf is this apologist attitude
I like how you use made up statistic to defend your made up point.

Would you mind providing any data backing up that " Vapes explode more than batteries" statement?
Lol no, how many iPhones or XPS you heard exploding lately? You want hard numbers do it yourself. And what kind of neckbeard response is "Vapes are exploding? No I need the numbers to see if anything edges it out"
&gt;And what kind of neckbeard response

When faced with good argument, insult your opponent, I like it. 

Since you are against any numbers or research to back up statements, here is a good statement for you: "As shown by latest research, guys who name themselves extraneouspanthers on social media, love to suck it from butthole".
I actually had a response, but if that what it takes for you to ignore it and feel better about yourself, you do you.
How did this happen? Were you charging in the usb port and were the batteries properly wrapped? I'ma bout to buy one.
I never use the usb charging port, I have a dual battery charger that I use. The batteries were brand new with no issues in the wrap. It looked like the problem started from the charging port though. I’d be a little wary about buying a Voopoo, my malfunction could’ve just been a freak accident, but who knows. Just make sure to take your batteries out after use and that nothing gets into the charging port.
Damn...I thought I was safe too...making me wonder if I should somehow cover/close off the USB port :-/
Was the mod turned on? And you were using it?
Better safe than sorry! I’m sure you could put some tape over the port and periodically make sure it’s clean.
The mod was off and wasn’t in use. The batteries were in it though.
Wrap on the positive end of battery on the left looks pretty ate up for being "new".  Talking about the side away from the melting.
That’s because when the board caught fire the positive connection blew out and tore the wrap. Just a side note the vent is directly below that connection.
I feel like it shouldnt matter if you charge the batteries through the USB port, why would they include that feature if it’s dangerous?
Because China
Yep I bought some little plugs made for phones and put them in my mods. I never charge over USB and I rarely need to fiddle with firmware. There's no point in having an open electrical connection on the outside of a mod
Damn, just scared me of taking mine out
Holy crap my one is at home right now on my bookshelf. How did this happen if it was just sitting their off
Mods like this are never off unless the batteries are removed. Only mods with a physical cutoff can be truly turned off.
That’s good to know!
It has never even been charged through the USB port either. My batteries are charged with an external dual charger.
I have a nice wooden mod. I used it once, then read that once it's off with the five clicks, it turns back on by itself later. WTF. I stopped using that one and took the batteries out. Bought a DNA 75 and two mechanical squonkers.
The whole bottom piece is melted.  I noticed the damaged wrap too but then noticed that's where the vent is and excessive heat damages wraps.
DNA mods stay on just like any other micro processor controlled board. The processor remains active waiting for it wakeup signal while it's other functions are not being poled or acted on. The difference in the evolv board is that it has a fuse so if something on the board shorts out it'll blow the fuse before too much damage occurs.
Doesn't that just put extra wear and tear on the battery constantly removing and replacing them?
It definitely can increase wear on them but as long as you keep an eye on the wraps it should be fine.
I always take my battery out when I'm not actively using the mod. It's the only way to be sure.
Always a good idea, I think that a lot of people don't understand how the 'off' function works and get surprised when things go wrong.
I've had one do the same thing within a month of purchase. First and only drag.
You should ALWAYS remove your batteries when charging, period. Even when they say the mod had internal balancing DON'T DO IT.

new wraps are cheap. Like penney's. Your mod and your house not so much.
Happy cake day bud!
I take it you only buy cell phones with removable batteries, and charge them in an external charger in your garage for safety then?
Holy shit. This is the first cake day I've ever noticed. Thanks to you. Thanks dude.
It’s so funny that we use that excuse when it comes to Chinese mods but then go about our merry ways using Chinese made cell phones and computers and a million other Chinese devices everyday.
Yeah but you are talking about tech companies with millions in R&amp;D having products built in China Vs. sub $100 dollar Chinese Vapes built by companies with no regulations.
It should be but clearly wasn't in this case
My cellphone doesn't have 2 li-on cylinder cells in it. It has one li-po soft cell battery in it so there's no balancing. Also cellphones have much more advanced chips in them compared to a $40 mod.

And how the fuck I'm in on the crazy side of battery safty? Its common practice. Why do you think everyone in this thread asking if he charges with the USB port?
Do you happen to know if the Tesla Nano 120 would count as having a physical cutoff since the mod has an on/off switch?
&gt;little plugs made for phones and put them in my mods.

That's a great idea! Mind if I steal it?

*yoink*
The wraps were fine in this case, I check them every time I pull them out of my charger. The fire started in the chip and torched the side of the left battery wrap. Other than that there was no other damage to the battery.
It looks like the switch is a physical cutoff to me
Thanks. I just got a voopoo too, this whole thread makes me nervous!

I keep the voopoo on me, while the Tesla stays home. It's beautiful, but just too heavy to carry around.
Why trust Chinese manufacturer A who makes the 50c chip for an $10 external charger over Chinese manufacturer B who makes a similar probably even better chip which is already built into the mod?
Why risk removing and replacing batteries in and out of the charger and mod 100s of times per year and adding extra wear and tear to the batteries? 
Is there any scientific basis behind this at all? Because it seems to me that there isn't.
Let me ask this: do you deal with a leaky atty/tank/whatever? 

Because over the years most of what I’ve run has leaked quite a lot at times, and eventually that juice makes it inside the mid and into the components within. I had that exact thing cause what happened to you, but it was on a Fuchai 200w. My gf was holding it and said “god why is the ecig so hot?” and I went “oh fuck!” and immediately took it and threw it in a nearby frying pan and it began smoking at this point and melting the plastic within. 

As best as I can tell, it was from an accumulation of juice inside the mod.
Never had much of an issue with leaks, anytime there was anything I’d clean right away. But I never cleaned or really checked the USB port which is where the fire originated from. My best guess is that something got into the usb and onto the board.
I'm over it, it's your life. Do what you want. 6 years of vaping and I've never had a charger fail on me. This is the first time I've seen this kind of back lash against charging in mods.
[deleted]
I have the Nano 120W as well and before I bought it, I researched the shit out of it! From the disassemblies I've seen, it is an actual physical cutoff switch for real. [Check this review and disassembly out.](https://youtu.be/z4L5goaSKP4)

Here's one extra precaution I took: a few people had complained that in their case, the area around the 510 connection wasn't 100% sealed, meaning that it was possible for juice and/or condensation to drip inside over time. Now while the chip is placed strategically away from that area, some people had juice actually run along the cables connected to the 510, leading to the fire button. So what I did was buy a set of transparent washers that are self-adhesive and seal that potential gap around the 510.

[These things here, work great and prevent scratches, too.](https://www.amazon.de/dp/B079KRQPQ5/?coliid=I3AA83VSVBFU5O&amp;colid=2U89W23IVC4Q6&amp;psc=0&amp;ref_=lv_ov_lig_dp_it)

Sorry about the German link, the washers are from an Austrian company so shipping would probably be a hassle, depending on where in the world you are located. Just get something similar or even cut out a sticker like that yourself.
The problem is the attitude of just giving a blanket statement of "never charge in a mod ever, always external". I've dealt with hundreds of broken mods of the past few years and have never had a mod back that burned out while charging. I have however seen many times the effects of careless battery wrap safety and missing top insulators causing a hard short on the battery contact. 

It sucks that it takes coming into my shop for people to actually be told about battery safety, but there's a lot of people I would trust a lot more just USB charging their multi-cell devices over handling loose devices all the time. Some people just never learn.
Good for you when your batteries arent integrated :( i'm worried I'll explode any second
Happy cakeday
It's mostly there for firmware updates. Company's that make the mods say its not unsafe but have you ever tried it? Most mods go extremely hot and you really don't want to leave the room while it's on charge. You buy a good quality external and you can just plug them in and away you go. Externals tend to charge the batterys equally as well sometimes if you charge through the mod you will notice after a while one battery is fairing a lot better than the other. Its just a better practice all round, hope this helps 😊
That was a cool view of Amazon, makes me want to learn German and see how much my buddy actually remembered from college haha.
Jesus thats scary. Ive had 2 times where I accidentally let a mod auto fire until it got crazy hot but luckily never melted. One was fine but the heat shattered the tank and the other one melted back a battery contact in the mod. Both times were after hiking or mountain biking, literally out in the woods. Scariest thing was wondering what I'd do if it caught fire or something. Eventually I'd get it back to my jeep and just make sure someone watched it like a hawk. Frying pan sounds like a good idea.
Yeah I'm more on your side. I'd rather charge externally and monitor my batteries all the time than just leave them in there. Also I had one mod that seemed to shred my wraps before until it got kinda dangerous. Current mod seems to not scratch the wraps at all.
Yah I'm not sure what's up with the people in this thread. It's been common practice to charge externally for years ever since I got my first regulated mod like 5 years ago, that's been driven into me as a lesson. And I trust my charger more than any mod that's sub $100. And as far as I'm concerned it's still good practice. 

Dont really care for ECR nowadays. r/vaping is much more chill I think with less hot heads. But maybe it's just that the hobby isnt so niche anymore so it has all kinds of people in it.

The main thing is tho that in 6 years I've never had any issues and I've gone through about 50 18650's, so I'm just gonna keep doing what I'm doing and sleep sound at night.
Don’t make safety decisions based on what you “feel should matter”. 

Do your research. Keep in mind, not all circuit designs are intelligently made. Also, even if they are safe in theory, not all circuits are built correctly. Charging ports are literally exposed metal circuitry on the outside of the box. 

Lots of companies try to include one because they know lots of people don’t want to buy an external charger. That doesn’t automatically make it safe to use.
I think it’s funny they think battery wraps just get quickly destroyed. Like, dude, it takes months to even nick the wrap at the bottom, and it literally takes me five minutes to put a new wrap on. Wraps are the easiest thing to maintain.
&gt; accumulation of juice inside the mod

Thanks for the reminder
I've seen too many mods that don't do balanced charging (one battery can be receiving more current/voltage and you can wind up putting extra stress on one battery - this leads to more heat, more damage to the battery, more possibility of boom) or even with single battery mods, they don't stop the charging current when the battery should be full, leading to again, more stress on the battery and more chances of boom.  I would never trust a built-in charging port on any mod, but maybe that's just because I've been doing this for way too long.
It's definitely a good habit. Plus with how cheap wraps are there's just no reason to act like touching the batteries is bad. My brother used to charge internally too just cause he didn't want to buy a charger lol, simply laziness in his case. I'm too paranoid to risk it. I agree, the vaping culture has gotten so big, there's going to be people with all sorts of attitudes about it. I used to only hang on r/vaping and thought the critizisms of it were unfounded, now it kinda bores me lol. Ecr certainly does have some with stronger opinions but I now hang out here exclusively lol. Legit two weeks ago I thought it was kind of elitist here as well. Ecr has so many amazing members, easily out weighs the hot heads imo. You should stick around, you're putting out good info that people need to hear. Also I can see how this thread is polarizing, the drag is so popular and this is a huge issue, I'm sure people are just getting defensive about their habits, at their own peril of course.
I had a kanger sub box that did this. Soon as I put the battery in the usb port burst into flames and the screen shattered. Battery never vented though just the mod melted
Someone in the last few months posted a link here to buy a bunch of them for like two dollars.
Well shit, I’ve always been told only mech mods blow up and that regulated mods are safe, I’ve also been telling people this since every time I try to get people into vaping they always ask “don’t they blow up?” I’m scared now that one of my friends shit is gonna blow up and I’m gonna feel responsible for co-signing the shit. Fuck
Anything has a chance to be dangerous. It’s just the nature of Li-Ion batteries. Regulated mods have a much lower chance of malfunctioning though. I’m sure as long as your friends are safe and responsible about their equipment they’ll be fine.
Mechanical mods don’t blow up. 

The batteries *used* in mechanical mods *can* blow up if used unsafely and recklessly. There are no electrical components in a mechanical mod that have the ability to blow up.
Well duh, obviously an empty metal tube isn’t gonna spontaneously blow up.
I gave my friend a smoke xpriv I wasn't using and some Samsung 25rs. It blew up on his glass coffee table today. I am now taking to batteries out of all my mods when not in use, especially my drag
[removed]
This type of behavior is not allowed in this sub.
But stupidity is...

Got it.
👌 Correct
Nope, mech mods only blow up if you fuck up in some way.
Reg mods are much much safer than tube mods. Tubes are basically pipe bombs. REg mods at least have some protection inside. 9/10 times it's the battery that fails when there's a malfunction, not the mod.
Not true. I had a Rig V3 vent a battery and almost explode just from vaping normally.
Jesus christ. The ignorance in this statement alone is astounding.
Hate to say it but it most likely human error at some point.

What where the ohms? What battery? What was the age of the battery? What was the voltage at? What was the internal resistance of the battery? What amps where you pulling? What watts? What temperatures was the battery running at? Was the wrap in perfect condition? Was the battery damaged by a drop? Did the button get stuck do to lack maintenance? Was there a short in the atty? Where you exceeding continuous current or pulse raitings?

Just because it was normal for you doesn't mean it's safe.  And so many of these things can be overlooked.
So your saying they can blow up? And maybe it’s best to recommend regulated mods to new vapers? As my comment said.
Nope, I was just saying that people telling you only mech mods blow up is bullshit.

 I think beginners should learn battery safety  And educate themselves on something that they're buying that is potentially extremely dangerous. After that it doesn't really matter if they have a mechanical or regulated mod.  It's just a matter of what they trust more to keep themselves safe. A chip from china or their own actions and education.

 It's not The Mods that blow up. its the battery and they both have batteries.
You misspelled “accuracy.”
This is exactly why I stopped using a tube. I don’t give a shit about knowing any of that anymore. I put a coil in and go.
The funny part of those questions is most are not answerable on a mech mod. Ohms? Voltage? Amps? temp? damage? Who knows? You're running a mech! Nothing will tell you if anything changed, puff puff until boom! It was fine when you wrapped it right?

Human error sure, but the difference is the plastic on a mod melts and maybe catches fire vs. a metal tube turning into a bomb. Things I've never had to deal with for 100 Alex: Did the button get stuck due to lack of maintenance? Did you exceed continuous current or pulse rating? 

lol wut
Lol. The mod wont tell you. That's what ohms law and educating yourself is for.

Ohms- use an ohm reader

Voltage - put in oh decent charger and it will tell you.

Amps- you should know the amps of your battery regardless if you using a mech or regulated devise.

Temp - well is it hot? If so let it cool.

Damage - do you see dents on your battery of tears on your wraps?

Exceeding amps - use ohms law

You're just an idiot that doesn't know or understand ohms law. Oh course a mech would be a bomb in your hands.. hahahaha
I feel sad for you.
At least I can grasp ohms law like most high-schoolers.

Summary:
its the battery and they both have batteries.
It's not The Mods that blow up.
The batteries were in it though.
Vapes explode more than batteries.
I always take my battery out when I'm not actively using the mod.
I am now taking to batteries out of all my mods when not in use, especially my drag.
Battery never vented though just the mod melted.
And you were using it?
I stopped using that one and took the batteries out.
Mods like this are never off unless the batteries are removed.
Just make sure to take your batteries out after use and that nothing gets into the charging port.
And I trust my charger more than any mod that's sub $100.
The mod was off and wasn’t in use.
I never use the usb charging port, I have a dual battery charger that I use.
It has never even been charged through the USB port either.
Mechanical mods don’t blow up.
It's the only way to be sure.
My batteries are charged with an external dual charger.
Were you charging in the usb port and were the batteries properly wrapped?
I would never trust a built-in charging port on any mod, but maybe that's just because I've been doing this for way too long.
It was fine when you wrapped it right?
Was the mod turned on?
Just make sure to frequently check your mods and batteries.
I noticed the damaged wrap too but then noticed that's where the vent is and excessive heat damages wraps.
I take it you only buy cell phones with removable batteries, and charge them in an external charger in your garage for safety then?
Nope, I was just saying that people telling you only mech mods blow up is bullshit.
I put a coil in and go.
You should ALWAYS remove your batteries when charging, period.
It looked like the problem started from the charging port though.
What does being obese have to do with anything?
The mod wont tell you.
Even when they say the mod had internal balancing DON'T DO IT.
