Original Response:
Clearly a mass generalization but it does seem in general Christian are judgemental and unwelcoming. Why?
Christians are commanded to judge good and evil. So if that's what you call judgmental then the answer is because it's part of being a Christian. It's like asking "why do Christians fight against sin?" It's central to Christianity.
That's not what they mean, and I think you know it.

Being judgmental means looking down on other people.
John 8

2 At dawn he appeared again in the temple courts, where all the people gathered around him, and he sat down to teach them. 3 The teachers of the law and the Pharisees brought in a woman caught in adultery. They made her stand before the group 4 and said to Jesus, “Teacher, this woman was caught in the act of adultery. 5 In the Law Moses commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say?” 6 They were using this question as a trap, in order to have a basis for accusing him.

But Jesus bent down and started to write on the ground with his finger. 7 When they kept on questioning him, he straightened up and said to them, “Let any one of you who is without sin be the first to throw a stone at her.”

Matthew 7

“Do not judge, or you too will be judged. 2 For in the same way you judge others, you will be judged, and with the measure you use, it will be measured to you.
Most people feel judged when they are told something they did is wrong.

Looking down on other people is not necessarily a Christian thing. Everyone does it.
I have [a post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/922ifa/not_christianity_13_only_god_can_judge_me/) you might be interested in, it's about how we view judgment.
&gt;Most people feel judged when they are told something they did is wrong.

But if it only affects them, it's none of your business.

&gt;Looking down on other people is not necessarily a Christian thing. Everyone does it.

Right. I totally agree.
I think that it's okay for us as Christians to say something is a sin but I'd say judging a person or being judgemental is completely different.
Actually even if it only hurts them we have to tell them its wrong.
Can you tell me an example that explains the difference?
What? Christians are explicitly commanded NOT to judge others. The more you judge others, the more judgement you will receive, and be careful, because you, too, are evil.
I have [a post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/922ifa/not_christianity_13_only_god_can_judge_me/) that is related to this issue if you are interested.
Person 1: hey, Christian guy whats your take on homesexuals like my brother? 

Christian guy:  I'd say that homosexual acts are sinful. 

In this case, the Christian acknowledges the act as sinful but is not making proclamations about the person, it's saying they are a bad person or being judgemental. He is just stating the biblical perspective on the issue.. 

Example 2

Christian guy: so your brothers gay? I just don't understand how someone could degrade themselves with such a sinful way. It's just despicable, if I was his dad I would not have allowed it. He should have been raised Christian. 

In this example the Christian is judgemental.
What if in the first example the person felt like they were judged when you called their life style sin?
No, you don't.

There are only a few times when it's appropriate to give people unrequested advice.

1) If you're an expert/highly knowledgable in a field, and someone's struggling with something in that field. For example, if someone's car breaks down, and you know how to fix cars, giving someone advice on how to fix cars is fine. This would also apply to helping an elderly person navigate a computer device that they're clearly struggling with.

2) They're doing something that's going to seriously fuck up their life, and you're friends with them.

3) You have an insight into a problem they're facing, and you're in a relationship with them/close friends.

4) You're their parent/guardian.

5) You're their teacher/instructor.

6) You're their boss/superior officer.

7) You're their pastor/rabbi/imam.

8) You're God.

That's it. Those are all the circumstances when it's ok to give unrequested advice. Notice that I did not mention "if they're holding hands with someone of the same sex" or "if they're fat" or "if they have sex with lots of different people." Why? Because it's none of your business! If they wanted your opinion, they would have asked for it.
&gt;8) You're God.

What if God sends you to tell people they are sinning?
In this situation I would dialogue more about the topic more expressing Christ love for them and how we are all sinful and what separates me from him is faith. 

The point I think you may have missed is that he came to me asking my simple opinion on the issue and I gave a clear statement that the sin is the action not the temptation in example 2  I took the sin in question and accused him of more than just sinning. Is necessary or fair. 

In the end Christian beliefs on sin will rub people the wrong way, but that does not give us an excuse to hate, abuse, or not love individuals.
That sounds like passive Christianity. Judging sin has nothing to do with hate or abuse. We are just opposing evil within us and others.
Alright, 9) Someone tells you to give that advice, and they're at least one of 1-8 with regards to the person receiving the advice.
So if God told you to tell them something then you would do it. Suppose God wrote a book instructing Christians to oppose evil in the world to the point of death. Would it be OK then?
What do you mean by "oppose evil in the world to the point of death?"

And God specifically told us to worry about our own actions before worrying about other people's actions.

Where did God tell us to give random people unasked for advice?
Support judging others with scripture.
Christ judged the pharisees.
Opposing evil means opposing actions of people when they do wrong. That can be called judgment. And I didn't say we should ignore our own sins.
Can you sight specific examples? I'm not saying he didnt., But let's use scripture.
Oh, so you mean like opposing the actions of murderers and stuff. Totally agree.
but Isn't your mission as a christian to bring others to Christ?

when you make people feel inferior and put yourself on a pedestal, it pushes people far, far away from ever wanting to be christian
Christians should start with judging themselves. We are all sinners and evil. 

I have [a semi-related post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/922ifa/not_christianity_13_only_god_can_judge_me/) if you are interested.
I don’t think we are evil 
We are children of god he loves us that includes me you and everyone else
Christ died for us. Let’s be forgiving and accepting of others show them the love and salvation and mercy we are blessed with
All humans are evil and need to be transformed by the Holy Spirit. God loving us doesn't mean we deserved it.
That’s simply not true. We are commanded to judge graciously in line with the way we are treated by God, we are absolutely required as Christians to make judgements. We cannot judge anyone’s eternal fate however we must judge whether teachings are good or evil, whether actions are sinful or good, whether character is mature or immature, etc. Jesus even set up a system of discipline for the church in Matthew 18 which can end in excommunication.
How is it "simply not true" that Christians are commanded: "Do not judge, so that you won't be judged" (Matthew 7:1)?
Because that’s only the start of the passage. The following verses make it clear that ‘don’t judge’ isn’t absolute statement but a conditional one - don’t judge until you’ve examined yourself and don’t judge unless you do it graciously, conscious of the grace you have received. That’s why Jesus goes on to say ‘then you can take the speck out of your brother’s eye.’
From the looks of your previous comments most of your activity on Reddit consists of judging people’s appearances on r/amiugly so why are you suddently asking Christians why we’re judgemental? Is there a purpose to the question? And why do you think Christians are judgemental?
you're supposed to be judgmental on r/amiugly
That’s my point. OP appears to have no problem with judging people, so why the questions here?
OP doesn't say he's not judgemental tbh.
Did I say that he did? All I did was ask some questions.
Came across as judgemental. :p
The OP? Yes, he did.
No, your questions. I try to not shame people for asking questions. OP asked a valid and offen true question.
Are you trying to shame me?

The OP doesn’t appear to have a history of participating in this sub and the question was fairly threadbare with no examples or justification for the question. It’s the kind of thing that comes across as somewhat less than genuine. So I gave the OP a chance to explain why they were asking and why they think Christians are judgemental.
Notuce the differences between somebody asking you to judge how they look, and telling someone to go burn in Hell
on r/amiugly people explicitly ask to be judged harshly

Christians seem to give a lot of unsolicited advice/criticisms/hateful judgement towards me and others (I'm not the only person who has noticed this, people I know including Christians have told me they feel the same)
We don’t know who has said what to you so how could we even speculate about why? Or verify that was judgemental?

Maybe you could get better answers if you shared something about particular issues where you feel that Christians are judgemental and what sort of things they say.
Who told anyone to burn in Hell?

Summary:
Christians should start with judging themselves.
In this example the Christian is judgemental.
And why do you think Christians are judgemental?
Christians are commanded to judge good and evil.
All I did was ask some questions.
OP appears to have no problem with judging people, so why the questions here?
That's not what they mean, and I think you know it.
I try to not shame people for asking questions.
Looking down on other people is not necessarily a Christian thing.
What if God sends you to tell people they are sinning?
So if God told you to tell them something then you would do it.
The more you judge others, the more judgement you will receive, and be careful, because you, too, are evil.
