Original Response:
A lot of people seem to think that the people out there who post others' nude pictures online without their consent are few and far between, but I see it ALL THE TIME. Sometimes on tumblr, but CONSTANTLY on NSFW subreddits. 

It's not all just revenge porn (still unacceptable), there are lots of people who think it's okay to post nudes that they received from someone off of tinder or snapchat. That because they shared them with YOU, that means your disrespectful, immature ass has the right to then post them to the internet. 

Not only does it make me both furious and disgusted, it terrifies me. I could count on one hand the amount of nude pictures I sent out before my current relationship, and guess what! One of those pictures I sent to ONE dude, he took the liberty of showing to one of his friends (he swears, just one). 

Then, all of a sudden, loads of people in my podunk town know intimate details about our sexlife. Weird huh? But he has no idea how that happened, of course. 

And now, years later, I get this furious broiling in my stomach every time I see some abhorrent, greasy loser online, posting pictures that they received privately, because they have deemed them to now be public domain. 

If you get nudes from someone with great tits, they are not yours to share. If you get nudes from someone with a huge dick, you have no right to post it on reddit in fetish subs without the consent of the sender. You don't get to post pictures/videos of yourself having sex with someone to amateur porn subs without getting explicit consent from the other person/people beforehand. The list goes on. 

Do not breach someone's trust that way. 

**POSTING NUDE CONTENT OF SOMEONE WITHOUT THEIR CONSENT IS ILLEGAL, IMMORAL, AND DISGUSTING**

And it's also against reddit's rules!

Why is this such a difficult concept to understand for fucks sake??

Edit: to everyone saying "WELL you can't guarantee that someone won't share them so just dont send them in the first place!!!! Take your face out of them!!!!! It's naive and stupid to send nudes without considering the ramifications!!!!!"

Alright twothings. 

1. I never said it wasnt or argued against any of those things as being a way to protect yourself (except for the face one; honestly I find that argument irrelevant because it isn't stopping anyone from sharing your pics, just saves you from being identified), I told a story from when I was a teenager that seems to have confused some people on my understanding of the inherent risk of sending nudes. I was stupid. I was a teenager. Sure y'all can relate.
2. That still doesn't mean I as a grown woman in my 20s who is now in a healthy relationship can't be like "hey its fucked up that people share others' nudes without permission." Like wow man, I never said or implied that you shouldn't  consider the risks, I'm saying there shouldn't BE risks because people should be decent, and I'm allowed to be mad that they're not. 

I'm not replying to individual comments anymore because if I have to defend my right to be mad that people think it's okay to share someone's private photos one more time, I'm gonna lose my mind. Y'all are on some shit
It seems like you dated 1. Dated a shitty person and B. Sent nudes that showed identifying characteristics about yourself. 

While exposing nudes is terribly wrong, and your ex is an asshole, YOU can prevent unwanted spread by being a bit more careful about it.
So it's my fault because I loved and trusted someone who manipulated me? That's a really shitty way of looking at it. It's not like I walked up to him like "mm yes, you seem like a piece of shit who will betray my trust, lie to me, and hurt me. Let's date." What a ridiculous suggestion ffs.
No, you couldn't have known that beforehand, which sucks. He betrayed you in a way that most people wouldn't. However, you also have control over whether your boyfriends have the power to hurt you in the future. 

You created this "Dont share nudes" PSA to try and change everyone else, but changing everyone else is out of your control. 

The ONLY way you can guarantee with 100% certainty that pictures of your naked body will not be shared is if you don't send nudes, or if you take out identifying features that would link you to the photos. 

It's not what you want to hear, but it's the absolute truth.
I'm not stupid, I know that the only way to protect yourself 100% is to not do it at all. But that doesn't mean that that's right or that I'm not allowed to be angry at that, jfc. Hop off your high horse where you think you're gonna tell me what I "dont want to hear." Most people aren't that naive and I certainly am not. But that doesn't mean I can't be pissed off at injustices and the state of things. I'm not gonna lie down and accept that this is just how things are, but that doesn't mean I am naive to the way that the world works ffs.
You can certainly be angry at it, as you very clearly are, but your feelings toward it won't change reality.

All I've done here is present logical solutions to your emotional response to prevent you from getting hurt again, and you tell me to "get off my high horse?" 

If you really knew all this beforehand, you could have prevented this outcome by protecting yourself before you ever sent this guy nudes. You didn't though, which makes me question if you really knew it.

My SO and I love each other and trust each other more than anything, and exchange nudes frequently. However,  we've never shared nudes with our facial features in them. It isn't a lack of trust, it's just the intelligent thing to do. 

What if you send nudes to a future boyfriend that doesn't distribute them, but gets his computer hacked and his data stolen, what then? Will you make a PSA to hackers to stop going into people's computers?

Protect yourself in the only way you can.
No shit my feelings won't change reality. I was not looking for a solution.

 And I know these things now, because I am a grown woman. When I was a teenager, I was naive, sure. I didn't know beforehand back then. People are allowed to grow. 

Also that is a really dumb situation to theorize because there is something FUNDAMENTALLY WRONG with computer hacking, not the person being hacked, which is the entire point I'm trying to make.
Are you going to blame people for having a computer too? Why have a computer in the first place if you don't want it hacked? Why put your personal information into a computer if you knew the risk beforehand? 

This "logic" is laughable honestly
You could not have missed my point in the hacker example any harder than you did. 

There is something fundamentally wrong about spreading nudes like your ex did, and also stealing someone's nudes by hacking their computer. We both agree on this, correct?

I'm saying that the moment you even take a nude photo that has your face or an identifiable quality of your body in it, you no longer have control over what happens to that image. That's the harsh reality.

On that note, you haven't commented on that piece of my argument, regarding only taking photos that can't be linked to you. Why is that?
Changing everyone else is kinda of out of her control, but not entirely. It's worth trying to do via ggressively publicly shaming the people who do it or otherwise making progress on this front. What you're saying is like, there are rapists in the world no matter what your feelings about it are so don't even try to be angry, talk about the issue, or start a PSA to break down rape culture. OP isn't just talking about herself by starting this thread, she's also talking about a social issue, and you seem to be hung up on this one instance.
Because wtf is there to say? I dont agree that someone should have to only take pictures without their face, just like they shouldn't be afraid to take pictures at all, it's all the same argument dude. I get that that's a possibility but that doesn't protect you from having your nudes shared, just from being identified by them, which wasnt even my point in the first place my man
That last comment is disappointing, but predictable. You have really proven that you are still naive, and despite being a "grown up woman," you haven't grown enough to understand how to protect yourself from factors outside of your control. I hope you do one day.
What you're not getting is that I agree that this PSA is a good idea, and that people need to be constantly reminded how not to be shitty people. 

I'm getting caught up on this one specific instance because I want her to learn how to protect herself. A general PSA can do the world good, but at the end of the day, we as humans are incapable of controlling external factors, so it's best to accept that and live your life in a way that protects yourself.
Sure dude. That's definitely what's happening here.
Indeed it is. If you save this thread and look back on it years down the road when you're with someone who doesn't betray your trust, you'll see where I was coming from.
But OP already knows all of this. She knows how to protect herself and she knows that there's a risk when you send nudes and she's made the post to be angry and to talk about it. You're not saying anything she doesn't know or hasn't already said in the comments, so given that I guess I don't know what your end game is.
I am with someone like that, and lo, you're still not making a valid point. But if that's what you wanna believe, myfriend. I wish you well in your endeavors
If she knows all of this, it wouldn't have happened. 

If her PSA was for shitty people not to spread nudes, my PSA would be for people sending nudes to not let the recipient have any power to harm them. You're really not getting this?
Well that is a very childish thing to assume, sorry but there are not written guarantees for anything relationship related. That a loved one will break your trust at some point in a relationship is something all of us have to live with because humans are very faulty creatures by definition. So if you send nudes you are always at risk of getting yourself in an awkward situation. It is all about the mindset, like I wrote you in another comment that you downvoted right away because you are hurting (I get it, it happens). If you play that game you risk getting owned by someone you thought was trustworthy. Seems like you have learned a valuable and very basic lesson now which is that you are not the kind of person that likes to send nudes because you are scared of the repercussions, so in the future just don't do it anymore. Also don't blame it on a manipulative ex, blame it on yourself for not thinking about the different possible outcomes. You are a grown woman and you could have just said "no, I don't like the idea of sending nudes because I am too scared of what might happen if something between us ever goes wrong". Would he have made a scene you should have just dumped him because there is no point in wasting your time with people who can't respect your opinion. People need to learn to be less naive and stick to what they believe in no matter what.
No, I downvoted you because you're wrong and missing the point. Have a good day
No, I am not. Literally like 80% of the replies tend to lean my way as the comment section of your thread seems to suggest. You are angry, feel betrayed and want to live in a utopian world. That doesn't change the fact that what you are describing in your post has been a thing since camera phones and webcams.
Your condescension is incredibly immature, so I don't think you should be commenting on how "grown up" OP is
It's almost like she didn't fully appreciate the risk before and she does now. It's almost like she learned something. It's almost like time moved forward, OP has admitted all of this, and you're still actively refusing to acknowledge that so you're not adding anything. She literally said she knows this and she grew, so why the fuck are you still blaming her and derailing mature productive conversation?

So by your logic we also shouldn't talk to young boys/girls about consent, boundaries, and not pushing other boundaries because it's shitty. It's just women's faults if they end up getting sexually assaulted by shitty guys and that's the point that needs to be talked about if it happens. PSAs and conversations about larger social issues are dumb, women should just make sure they don't get assaulted or have their boundaries, whatever they are, crossed. How productive.

OP can understand why this happened, spread the word about taking precaution, and still be pissed at the nature of it while also thinking it's worth talking about. I don't know why you actively want to stifle conversations or the change that comes with them.
She can say she learned those things, but her actions and responses don't reflect that. Actions speak louder than words. 

As for your accusation that I'm blaming her or any victims in this situation, you couldn't be more wrong. You're letting emotion cloud your judgment, and your entire middle paragraph is total bullshit that tries to twist my argument.

I literally said that we need use posts like hers to remind people not to be shitty humans, but that the only way to truly protect one's self is to use factors they can actually control, in this case being sending nudes with no identifiable characteristics.

Summary:
Protect yourself in the only way you can.
You're really not getting this?
I'm not stupid, I know that the only way to protect yourself 100% is to not do it at all.
That's a really shitty way of looking at it.
It's almost like she learned something.
I am with someone like that, and lo, you're still not making a valid point.
I didn't know beforehand back then.
It seems like you dated 1.
No, I downvoted you because you're wrong and missing the point.
If you get nudes from someone with great tits, they are not yours to share.
If she knows all of this, it wouldn't have happened.
You created this "Dont share nudes" PSA to try and change everyone else, but changing everyone else is out of your control.
That's definitely what's happening here.
