Original Response:
I'm currently in the middle of trying to reignite the embers of an old fling of mine, but it's just not the same. I am a completely different man and she's matured. However, I am determined to complete this mission.

I don't know what to tell this girl. She was by all accounts a terrible, toxic individual and I hated her for a long time. I still do harbor many negative feelings towards her and I want to make it very clear to her that I'm not trying to be her boyfriend or any of that.

She's a generally just a bad, disappointment of a person. When I finally got the balls to cut her off, she had a kid and from time to time would try to talk to me but I block her or simply ignore her.

Well, recently, I've had second thoughts. A long dry spell and a falling out with a new girl made me crave physical companionship and getting her is easy for me since she still claims that she loves me. She's also grown a lot.

The thing is, I'm intensely physically attracted to her and we're so compatible we almost always end up flirting. We would surely have remained friends if she wasn't so terrible. I don't love this girl at all. I don't want to be a father to her child. I don't particularly care for her feelings, either.

But I just have a need to be physically intimate with her again. The kid did virtually no damage and she just really likes me. But she's changed and I've changed. She wants me to like meet her kid and take them out to dinner; even though she's offered to come visit me without him. She's a busy mom working full time and raising a son now and I'm impressed by her ability; but I want nothing to do with that. It seems like her son is part of the package or something but I'm certain I can get what I want without having to do something I don't want.

How can I get it out there that I don't want to pursue any type of serious relationship with a single, hardworking mom? Without pissing her off. I just want more of a FWB type deal. I'm not willing to give her another chance, and I don't want it to seem like I don't respect her or her child because I do.

Are there mothers who do this type of thing?

TL;DR: Talking to a single mom that works full time, but don't want to date or raise her son. How to be FWBs and is it even feasible?
Ditch her. Girls like that “accidentally” get pregnant for the child support. Run. Run away.
Girls like what .... single busy hardworking mum's. What a stupid comment. 

Girls like that deserve to be treated better. Lay your cards on the table you want no strings sex. She might take you up on it she might not.
Sounds like the best option but I'm not willing to take this L.

How can I convince her without outright lying like a douche?
This is the stupidest comment I’ve ever seen. The kid isn’t OP’s. She’s just minding her own business and OP is panting on her porch. Gross.
You can’t. Grow up. She’s a person with a child ffs.
Am I really, tho? She's been trying to talk to me forever, especially after her baby daddy situation fell through, but I've def been ignoring her. She legit claims to love me. 

I don't want to lie to her and lead her on to thinking I'm in it for the long haul. I might be too immature and young for such a steep responsibility, I don't care about her kid, and I can't provide for her either lol. But if I wasn't worth it, why on earth does she give me the time of day 🤔?  We've talked about getting a sitter before and hanging out but every time things come up.
Things come up because she’s got a kid. Just leave her alone. You ARE panting if you won’t back off and move on. You’re just as into her as she’s into you. You’re being super gross.
So I know that I'm a p.o.s, hence the username, but why am *I* the one that is expected to be the responsible one in this situation???

I can't just get it in and go??? I have to back off until prince charming comes in and swoops her off her feet? I can't just be another p.o.s in peace? She hit me up first and I finally gave in.
Jesus Christ. You need therapy.
There's nothing to be gained from insulting yourself either.

You can just get it in and go. But why not level with her ... make your intention clear. Don't presume she's looking for a father figure and bread winner maybe she'd be well up for a ride or fwb scenario until that Prince charming comes along for her. But be straight with her then your conscience is clear.
Thank you :')

I think I'll try honest transparency. She was a bad person before, but she's honestly changed into a hard working, respectable young woman and I guess that's why my physical attraction to her isn't enough to make me not regret my decisions if I end up hurting her feelings.

Summary:
I don't love this girl at all.
I don't want to be a father to her child.
I can't just get it in and go???
I don't know what to tell this girl.
She might take you up on it she might not.
I just want more of a FWB type deal.
Things come up because she’s got a kid.
