Original Response:
This is absolutely absurd. With no verifiable proof of anything they are looking to hang this guy... this being Christianity it should sound quite familiar to a lot of us here.
What would constitute verifiable proof for you? 4K video of the incident? 

Multiple credible witnesses with sworn statements?
Accurate testimonies with witnesses that can corroborate their stories with various forms of proof: Accurate account of names of people at the party, accurate dates and times, proof of abuse either through more than one eye witnesses, etc. 

These are typical requirements for convictions and none of which were made available. It’s simply an allegation and a woman’s testimony of that allegation.
It's more than one allegation, from more than one person.
Well good thing allegations don’t prove anything. 

Since you’re an atheist this should be right up your alley. It’s alleged that the earth was created in six days and there’s billions of people who can agree with that allegation... 

Allegations still hold water to you?
Believe it or not, I'm not here to talk about creationism.
Well good thing I’m not either.
Unfortunately, it just isn't possible to get the kind of evidence you are looking for. We will likely never know for certain if Kavanaugh is guilty or innocent of any or all of these accusations. I agree he is due a presumption of innocence.

That said, he isn't due a presumption of *fitness* for office. His erratic testimony, his checkered past, the broiling scandal surrounding him all seem to be enough in the eyes of many people, *Catholic Magazine* in particular, to disqualify him. There are better people out there. Let's nominate someone more even-tempered and less problematic.
Here’s the thing, and I respect your right to have an opinion even though I don’t agree with it, he didn’t have a checkered past before these allegations. 

Nothing came up when he held a position in the second highest court of law, nothing, zilch. He was spotless. But now with Trump obtaining his second SC justice pick a last minute hail Mary by the political opposition. The allegations hold no water enough that when the FBI won’t investigate. What this is is delaying the vote in order for democrats to hopefully regain the senate, impeach Trump then hold up any SC justice picks until they can get a Democrat in there. This is a last minute hurrah. The allegations are fake news. All it is is delaying the vote so they can hopefully win the senate back and delay it further so they can get their guy in that seat. That’s all this is. A last ditch effort to win. They’re are just harping on the strings of people’s emotions with lies.  They will do everything within heir ability to stop this from going through. Politicians are the last people to trust. Either side.
&gt; Here’s the thing, and I respect your right to have an opinion even though I don’t agree with it

Thanks! Same here.

&gt; he didn’t have a checkered past before these allegations.

Mark Judge's book was out well before that. His past is his past.

But I see your point. Nothing was well known before his SC nomination. That's what being considered for such a high position does. It puts you under a very big spotlight.

&gt; Nothing came up when he held a position in the second highest court of law, nothing, zilch. He was spotless. 

That's true. That's something to consider.

&gt; What this is is delaying the vote in order for democrats to hopefully regain the senate

This is very likely true, and troubling since *anyone* can lob an uncorroborated accusation about *anything* at any time. This could very easily happen to the Dems the next time their turn comes around. How will we function as a country if this is the standard?

However, the Judge book is also troubling. Now, there's this Swetnick accusation to contend with. Not to mention Kavanaugh's erratic testimony yesterday. It's more a combination of these factors than a single accusation that have caused people to reconsider. 

Republicans should have done a better job vetting their candidate, that's for sure. There are other people, better people to nominate than this guy.

&gt; The allegations are fake news.

I'm not aware of any media organization faking information with regard to this issue. As far as I've read, this is a very real event. What leads you to believe anything was faked?

&gt; They’re are just harping on the strings of people’s emotions with lies. 

Wait a minute. You lost me. Who is lying here? I know that second accuser appears to be completely unreliable. Is that what you're referring to? Or is this more a general accusation? Are you saying that when the Dems say this is about their constitutional responsibility to vet a candidate, that they are just lying? (I agree for the most part, if that's the case.)

&gt; Politicians are the last people to trust. Either side. 

Something we can all agree on!
The event is as real as a David Copperfield event. 

Flake called for a week long investigation limited in scope. If I had to guess, another issue that will delay the voting will occur. 

All this is and you agree but you’re not entirely convinced for some reason is delaying the vote. That’s the only thing at stake here. Don’t let him get in at all costs. That’s the game. The allegations are simply hearsay or potential lies of something that may or may not have happened 36 years ago. There’s zero proof of anything. I don’t care about the acts of a man that feels he’s wrongly accused of sexual assault. Books come out all the time and people profit from those books. Opinions aren’t evidence. And neither are allegations. Ford has already made a quarter of a million dollars from a go fund me fundraiser. 

Just put it in contrast to Bill Cosby. Bill eventually admitted to drugging women. But that wasn’t until after over 20 women came forward. That holds weight. 

A single allegation is worthless. What gives it any credibility? That she’s a woman and we should feel sorry for her? Women lie too. And from the looks of it she has yet to give any credible information to give her statements any weight. She hates flying but is a big traveller? She knew about these rape parties but still attended? My goodness I’m astounded how anyone can’t see through all the bologna. 

Either way opinions are opinions and it’s no use getting work up over. Republicans agreed to give a week long limited investigation. We will see He Democrats pull another last minute stunt but eventually the guy will get voted in. All this goes to prove is that our country is in trouble due to all the money going in and out of politics.
&gt; Either way opinions are opinions and it’s no use getting work up over. 

You should take your own advice. You are getting yourself way too worked up over this. Your comments about Ford are ugly. It's entirely possible for a person to simply be mistaken. Studies have shown confidence in a memory is not a good indicator of accuracy.

You might want to consider editing that post. I suggest you take a walk or something. Sorry if anything I said helped get you so upset.
If you read that as me being worked up then I hate to break it to you, I’m not. That’s as chill of a perspective one could take. It’s opinions. I don’t care either way. However you seem worked up. Maybe you should take your own advice and accept your own perspective that memory is not a good indicator of accuracy and consider this a wash. Look at what is at stake here. Use some common sense. Republicans will have a second SC justice in president Donald Trumps term. And he will likely get a third if democrats lose. That’s what’s at stake. We are about to see the complete meltdown of the democrat party if that happens. I hold the position that the right people are currently and will be put in place for the Republican Party. I’m as chill about it as they come. Maybe you should follow my lead. 🤗
&gt; she’s a woman and we should feel sorry for her? Women lie too. And from the looks of it she has yet to give any credible information to give her statements any weight. She hates flying but is a big traveller? She knew about these rape parties but still attended? 

Read that again. That's some ugly victim blaming. I wouldn't be proud of any of that if I were you.
You seem to not grasp logic too well. Here let’s see if this helps. When I was 5 years old you’ve touched me inappropriately. We’ve known each other for years but reddit doesn’t know that. Do you want to accuse me of being a liar and victim blame me? Or do you accept this allegation?
That's a false dichotomy. My choices are not limited to calling you a liar and blaming you for your own molestation or accepting a claim I know to be false. There are ways of being compassionate and understanding without affirming the allegation.

Kavanaugh did a fine job of this in the beginning when he said Ford must have him mistaken for someone else. He also said all he knew for certain was that he never assaulted anyone.
It’s a hypothetical to gain understanding/empathy for Kavanaugh. It was used to further an understanding of his situation. We both agree my allegation of you molesting me at 5 years old is false however if I were invested enough to uphold that claim then the burden of proof would be on me as well as you. You may dismiss it as an absurdity but maybe me even making the claim in the first place holds some grounds. If you held a position of obtaining a high ranking position within the government our little exchange could be a cause for concern if investigated and this exchange found. It’s a game. And this is how it can be utilized whether or not you politely reject or fervently object. Either objection would be highly scrutinized. It wouldn’t matter if it were an illogical fallacy or not because, in the case of politics, prosecuting isn’t the desired goal. The goal would be to put your opponent in a position of defense which could either cause you to falter or fight back. 

I’m not defending Kavanaugh’s character Im simply applying the tactics that could be used for any opponent. Most of these cases are thrown out due to lack of evidence. However this isn’t a court of law, this is a character appraisal. Already you’re in the position of defense.
When the background checks are done, the FBI is doing a background check--not a full blown investigation. Assuming the allegations are true, they wouldn't have become known to the FBI during the course of a background check UNLESS someone had brought it to their attention. Typically, I believe they reach out to a few key relationships (family, close friends, employers, etc.). 

Therefore, the fact that his record has been "spotless" until now isn't completely exonerating. Apparently they don't even really look at your finances during these background checks, so I wouldn't put too much weight on the value of a cursory FBI background check which will only pick up on glaring red flags. The investigation, which is what people are asking for, would be a much more focused and much more targeted inquiry with a higher success of yielding evidence (if there is any to be discovered).

You're aware of all the other longtime abusers who've been outed this past year that had otherwise flown under the radar with allegedly "spotless" pasts, correct? I'm not known for being a murderer until someone realizes I've murdered someone, even if I've been doing it for ages. 

I'm not trying to convince you to find Kavanaugh/Ford more/less credible--I'm only speaking to some of the assumptions you've put forth.
*trump won't investigate
The issues with people who commit crimes typically have a pattern of it. Detectives always look for a pattern for a reason. Bill Cosby most certainly had a pattern of it. 

The pattern in Kavanaughs case is that there keeps to be what is proving to be true, are baseless allegations from people who are looking to oppose him. Why now and not earlier? It smells.
Perhaps that “typical”—though I’m not a criminologist or psychologist. That nonetheless doesn’t preclude the possibility it was something he did and no longer does.

There are stupid, immature things (though not criminal) that I did with/to my friends in college that I wouldn’t do now given the more serious ramifications it would have on my life/career. It’s entirely possible that Kavanaugh conformed his behavior to the circumstances of his life. 

You seem to readily believe Kavanaugh is innocent of wrongdoing and I have neither the interest nor energy to argue that. For myself, I am not a Republican or pro-conservative justice person—but there’s too much smoke surrounding Kavanaugh for me to feel comfortable seating him. I would even be opening to guaranteeing another similarly conservative justice (provided there’s nothing dubious in their past, like Gorsuch who I disagree with) if only to not give a lifetime appointment to someone with these looming questions. A lifetime tenure is too high a price for someone who could be easily replaced. 

While I may be a liberal, I’m more willing to concede the seat (despite the stolen Garland seat) to someone who is less controversial personally, even if their politics are antithetical to mine.
Allegations of completely different things (none of them describe the same event). With no corroborating witnesses, dates, locations or evidence.
Oh that's perfect

I can't think of any differences at all between the trial of Christ and Kavanaugh

Man, remember that time when Jesus was accessed and perjured himself screaming
The FBI is investigating. And of course this allegation didn't come up until now. We're talking about a woman dealing with trauama who came forward after the man she believes attempted to rape her was about to be named to one of the most powerful legal positions in the world. That's about what it would take me to come forward with something like this.
Only about a third of sexual assaults reported to authorities were done by repeat offenders.
The only other possible eyewitness is a possible coconspirator in the crime. You're literally asking the impossible
Then by all means let us have an investigation. Who has been trying to block an investigation this whole time?
The ridiculousness of this whole thing is that the burden of proof is on the accuser. And nothing has been significant and yet here you are defending or considering her allegation to hold some water. This isn’t how this works. I’m ok with rejecting her allegation because she hasn’t come up with any substantial. 

Are you one of those people that believes rumors the first time you hear them? Because that’s how you come across.
Yet she said nothing did nothing when he obtained a position in the second highest court in the land nearly a decade earlier than now. Come on, i got a bridge to sell you.
No one is blocking it. The FBI has no desire in doing so.
&gt; The FBI has no desire in doing so. 

Source?

Stop gaslighting us. The FBI will investigate whatever it is told to. The republicans are hand wringing freaking out on Fox news about how the democrats are preventing an investigation while they are in power and try to ram a potential rapist through a proper screening process. Now suddenly we can do an investigation because trump says so.

Also grow up, the downvote button is not a disagree button.
Use some common sense, for starters I’m not the only person with thumbs who uses the internet and secondly the FBI investigates crimes that’s what they are used for. If the president requests them to investigate(which he did yesterday) then they do what their told. But they would be doing to gain clarity and not for prosecution purposes which is the whole point of the FBI.
Ironically, you're demonstrating why none of them came forward sooner.b
There is literally zero proof. Something you have a difficulty grasping. Maybe irony?
Regardless props for trump telling FBI to look into this. Hope they can prove to a point one way or the other even though 30 years can erase a lot of evidence.
Well isn’t that convenient for the accuser. Well at least she’s obtained nearly a million dollars as well as hold up the process. Win/win for her and who she is represented by. She’s set for life.
1. She hadn't even told her therapist a decade ago
2. Clearly, there's no difference between the Supreme Court and a District Court. None at all. Can't think of why she might treat those two occassions differently.
[removed]
Three credible witnesses with details is not zero evidence.
No. The burden of prove is on Kavanaugh to demonstrate his fitness for office. This is a job interview.
All of the victims have death threats and hatred directed at them.


They're brave for standing up.
Last I heard they didn’t get details correctly at all.
It’s not a “job interview.” His job interview was meeting with the president in order for him to be a nominee. He will get the job. This is political theater.
Kavanaughs wife received death threats and provided actual evidence. How about that...
No. We dont live in an authoritarian dictatorship. Presidents only present nominees. 

They need to be approved and vetted by Congress.
You have zero clue what you’re taking about.
What details were those?
Kavanaugh is being interviewed for one of the most important jobs in the country.

Hes failing at it miserably.
What about it?
[deleted]

Summary:
&gt; The FBI has no desire in doing so.
&gt; The allegations are fake news.
The FBI has no desire in doing so.
Something we can all agree on!
The allegations are fake news.
You are getting yourself way too worked up over this.
Well good thing I’m not either.
He will get the job.
Well good thing allegations don’t prove anything.
It's more than one allegation, from more than one person.
His past is his past.
That's about what it would take me to come forward with something like this.
I don’t care either way.
There are better people out there.
The allegations hold no water enough that when the FBI won’t investigate.
That's what being considered for such a high position does.
&gt; he didn’t have a checkered past before these allegations.
(I agree for the most part, if that's the case.)
Allegations still hold water to you?
But I see your point.
The FBI will investigate whatever it is told to.
What gives it any credibility?
I hold the position that the right people are currently and will be put in place for the Republican Party.
This isn’t how this works.
That’s the only thing at stake here.
