Original Response:
Hello! Looking to trade these codes this week and next week again. Primarily interested in Marshadow and other events (Gift Munchlax, Line Rotom, etc)

NA codes:Lugia code (10:1) - only need a few.  Rates can be adjusted depending on the demand and supply.

Thank youuu! 

For disclaimer: these codes were received along with the movie tickets
I have Z/TT/LL codes if you need any still. Would be interested in a Lugia code
Hello! I'm interested, although I'll have to give priority to those who commented first
No problem, if you have one left over let me know. I forgot I have a few KG codes also
Hello! Could you get me 12 LL codes?
I have 8. Would you take KG or Z codes in addition to the 8 L codes?
I have considered your offer. Would you be willing to do 8 LL codes + 4 KG codes?
Yes, and in addition I can add some Z codes to the 12 L/KG codes.
But it will be unfair for you. I will just take 12 codes so that it will be fair for everybody
Ok that is a deal. Would you like me to send the codes now?
Hello! I'm available to trade anytime now
just pmed the codes
I have sent the Lugia code. Trade is completed. Thank you!
Code received. If you have any problems with the codes let me know. Thanks for the trade :)
I know you have a lot of people trading you codes but if you need more would you trade 2 k/g codes and 8 Poipole codes all na self obtained for a reedemed any nature Lugia Jpn is good with me
Hello! Thank you for the offer. I will consider it and will contact you once I've decided :)
Thanks!
Hello! I'll do this trade :)
Ok! Sorry I was getting my sleep on lol. I'll be free in 30-40 min or just let me know when you are
Hello! I'm available anytime now
Im at work ill be home in like an hour, hour and a half
I understand. Kindly inform me when you're ready. Thank you!
Just got home! Let me know when you can get on
Never heard from you yesterday let me know if you can get online today thanks :)
Hello! To confirm, any nature is fine for you?
Yup
Okay, I understand! I will contact you when it is ready
Thanks :)
Hello! I have sent the proofs. Please check
Perfect let me know when you can get online
I can get online now, if you're still around? And thank you for your patience :&gt;
Yup hopping online
And no worries 😁
Trade completed. Thank you! :)
Thank you!

Summary:
Let me know when you can get on.
I have sent the Lugia code.
Would be interested in a Lugia code.
Thank you for the offer.
If you have any problems with the codes let me know.
I have Z/TT/LL codes if you need any still.
