Original Response:
this is just sad the ufc needs to stop booking Bj.
Well at least there is 0% chance he gets KTFO
Bj doesn’t get KTFO and thats half the problem he ends up taking a full 3 or 5 rounds of a beating were most guys would get ko’d in the first, getting ko’d would be way better for him.
Hall trains with Thanh Le and he did kick Maynard in the head about 12 times.
BJ's only been KO'd by a crazy athletic Yair, I doubt Hall has the power to make that happen.

I'm not gonna bet on that though, betting on senior citizens is a bad way to go about things
I don’t know if he’ll KO BJ, but I think Hall has more tools than people think he has. If he actually uses them is another issue.
I just hope it's as funny as the last Hall fight
I would have been okay with booking him against CM Punk.
People shit all over him for that, but I just laughed the entire time. Head kick to butt scoot is my favorite combo.
And not even that, he didn't get KO'd. The ref stepped in outta mercy, BJ was never out, he just had no answer to the whooping he was taking
I feel like I'm the only one that enjoyed the fight. Maynard's anger was just building throughout the entire fight, but even at his angriest, he was still scared of those leg locks and just refused to have any part of the ground. 

I just thought it was a funny and effective strategy by Hall. Just kept slapping Maynard across the face with his foot.
Before the Yair fight, BJ Penn had zero career knock downs. That is with fighting people as large at 225 and 3 TKO losses. The worry with BJ Penn was never that he would get KTFO. It was that he would stay on his feet and take more of a beating than any other person would take. The guy was like a soft lightweight with Roy Nelson's chin.
Unlike the old guys they let go BJ is still under contract. Their letting him fight someone they would love to see lose.
I love that fight. Look at the significant strike stats. He beat Maynard up.
They had to give Ryan Hall somebody with a name. At least BJ won't get hurt badly, but after this, he should step away.

This will be a nice win for Hall, who might step away soon, too. Not sure who the UFC would give him after Penn.
It wasn't a good fight: it was a great fight.
BJs lucky his brains the size of a peanut it lets him take a shit tonne of knocks and not have his brain matter smack the inside of his skull.

Mad respect for the guy but he should have hung it up like a decade ago.
actually he has better chance of getting KO then submitted as he's high level on the ground and never been submitted. the problem is that his chin is now shot
Sure those register as "significant" on the stat sheet, but I doubt he could've knocked out a 12 year old with those hook kicks
Ah MMA fan tough guys. Call Ryan's gym. I'm sure they can arrange it.
Sure because having a criticism of a fighter means you're a "tough guy"
[deleted]
Criticism is one thing saying a punch or kick doesn't hurt is another.
It doesn't take an expert to see that hall doesnt throw those kicks for power; he uses them  to establish distance and range, much like a jab. He will never knock someone out with those kicks. That's my criticism, he doesn't throw any strikes with intensity.
[deleted]
Sakuraba Aoki comes to mind
Hall posing with his sexylook
The *Norco just kicked in* look.
It's the chest hair.
He took two years to work on his Blue Steel in the mirror.
He looks tired, he’s bored of fighting BJ already
Blue steel
[removed]
https://imgur.com/gallery/ekQpV59
*How you doin'*
Girl undresses *meh* look
the lightskin look
He looks so underwhelmed lol
paint me like one of your french geerls
we all are
His looks basically summarizes how I feel about BJ fighting again.
They woke him up for the fight. He is still having coffee.
I wonder what would whelm him
Although I understand the confusion, that isn’t Blue Steel. That’s definitely Magnum.

Summary:
He will never knock someone out with those kicks.
The worry with BJ Penn was never that he would get KTFO.
I feel like I'm the only one that enjoyed the fight.
The *Norco just kicked in* look.
I just hope it's as funny as the last Hall fight.
His looks basically summarizes how I feel about BJ fighting again.
