Original Response:
I've denied it for a long time but I started feeling that our relationship was slowly killing me inside. My girlfriend (used to be friend for many years prior, recently started dating) has always demanded so much from me and I would always try to fulfill her requests and strive for the gratification and acceptance I felt. She treats me like shit, and thus when I get treated slightly better, it fills me with joy and I chase for this feeling even more. I'll list some examples of the things that go on in our relationship.

 1. She just quit her job and made me take another so that I can provide for her. I then come home after a long day of work and do the chores while she watches Netflix all day or goes out to expensive restaurants with her friends.

 2. When I do something wrong, she reminds me that she can easily leave me for other men. She even has the Tinder app and uses it as a threat.

 3. It feels like she doesn't even acknowledge me as a person. She doesn't make eye contact, doesn't speak to me when I return from work, doesn't ever say thank you or express any gratitude, and shows no emotions only towards me.

 4. She literally uses physical violence against me when she gets upset at SOMETHING ELSE (nothing I did wrong).

 5. Always points out faults in me. Everything from I'm not doing enough for her to I didn't wash the dishes well. Never says anything good about me.

 6. She has a rule. I can't ever complain or rant to her about anything. She says openly that she doesn't care if I'm having a rough day or whatever. Yet she always rants to me (again, even uses violence doing so) and expects me to listen.

I honestly had so much trouble writing this list because I made an effort to try not to sound like I exaggerated things. But NONE of this is exaggerated.

For a long time I thought that I was happy, but a redditor suggested that I have Stolkholm Syndrome, and another redditor recommended that I post here. They made me realize that I've been a bit delusional for the entirety that I've known her. Now I'm feeling so devastated and confused.

Any advice would be helpful. Any kind words or encouragement would be very much appreciated. Thank you.

**tl:dr** I realize I might have Stolkholm Syndrome and my girlfriend is manipulative.

EDIT: I should have made this clear, but I don't want to break up with her. I made this post asking for advice on how to make our relationship better, and I really do love her so breaking up would devastate me.
You do not deserve this. Please learn to love yourself and leave and do not not look back for no minutes. Run.
Thanks for saying that, but I forgot to mention that I don't want us breaking up. I love her a lot and want to fix things. I firmly believe that I can make her appreciate and treat me better somehow, and that's the advice I'm looking for here.
You can’t fix this.  She has some inner demons that she needs to recognize and maybe she will maybe she won’t but the tone of this relationship is already set and in motion.  You can’t make someone a better girlfriend.  You can’t make some one love you the way that you want.  You just have a list of cons that will not be out weighed by any pros.  Love is an action and this is not love. If you chose to stay then you do not get to complain.  You accept it and be okay with it but you should really look at your inner being as to why you are willing to stay.  You can’t say you love her because you don’t love yourself so you don’t have it to give.   You are young and I promise there is someone out there that is more energetically in tuned with you than what you are currently experiencing.
Unfortunately, that will not happen, boo.       
Nothing you do will change her behavior.       
She is abusive and will continue to harm you for as long as you allow.          
Do you know of any support groups in your area for victims of domestic abuse?        
It might be a good idea to connect with others.
I don't think that she's full of only demons. Although it may not seem significant, she does treat me well at times too (doing small favors, making food for me when she finds a cool recipe she wants to try out, bringing me out to meet her friends, etc). I think I can get her good side to grow bigger than her bad side, but I'm not sure HOW I would do this.
I mean it's not really domestic abuse. I can just walk out the door when I want and leave her, but staying is my CHOICE.
Okay good luck.  My point is you can’t change her or fix her to your liking. She is who she is and you should accept her as she is or leave.
Thank you. And you know what? You might be right that I'll never be able to fix her, but that seems so depressing to think. I think ultimately, if I keep trying to fix her and I die doing this, I'll be happier than accepting that shell never truly change for me.
Yes, it is domestic abuse.       
And yes, you are choosing to remain in an abusive situation.         
If that is what you choose, then so be it.
You can’t change save or fix anyone.  Not friends, siblings, parents and when someone does change,  it’s not for someone else, it’s for themselves. And it’s selfish on your part to put that kind of pressure on someone.  She is not responsible for your happiness.  You are responsible for your happiness.  I am not trying to be mean, it’s just truth.  I hope you figure out what’s best for you.

Summary:
She is who she is and you should accept her as she is or leave.
You can’t make someone a better girlfriend.
I love her a lot and want to fix things.
I mean it's not really domestic abuse.
I don't think that she's full of only demons.
She is not responsible for your happiness.
You are responsible for your happiness.
