Original Response:
Grocery store cards with rewards is probably smart, I am all about that Scene Visa though for the free movies.
I would be too, except Sinemia is a much better deal and I just get actual cash back on my unaffiliated Mastercard that rolls right into my chequing or savings accounts at my bank.
Wait, what Sinemia? Is it with a bank or independent?
I have a 4% grocery rewards one from CIBC and every liquor store, Convenience stores, Steam, Spotify etc. show up as groceries on my statement
Yeah I would like to know too, this sounds great.
That is good to know, had no idea digital purchases showed up as grocery.
No, sorry for being unclear. I meant that getting your Cineplex (or wherever) tickets from Sinemia is way cheaper than *anything* that gets you SCENE points. Then I just use a regular cash back credit card from my bank which gets me money no matter where I shop (not specifically tuned for one kind of store) which I roll back into my accounts. I make well over CAD $1000 per year back on the credit card and my movies cost a small fraction of retail. It all works out well for me, YMMV.

I totally considered the PC credit card option too, and it was probably my second favourite pick...but when I looked at my monthly spending and all the different slices of my budgeting, the numbers didn't work out for me. Cards affiliated to one kind of purchase get you more "points" (or dollars) for those purchases but then have teeny tiny less than a percentage point returns on everything else. My card makes me a modest rate, but on *everything* I buy and I even charge some large monthly expenses like child care through it. Paid off responsibly, that nets me great returns that would otherwise just be potential cash "left on the table" if I used a different card.
Ah gotcha, just looked it up, hadn't heard of them before. Thank you!
https://www.sinemia.com/new-plans for movies

For a card I just use the generic cash back Mastercard from my bank, and since it's specifically a Mastercard and not a Visa, I can use it at all the grocery stores that don't take Visa as well as COSTCO warehouses (including fuel stations).
&gt; Grocery store cards with rewards is probably smart, I am all about that Scene Visa though for the free movies.

get rogers bank, 1.75% cash is more valuable than movies
Sinemia is not Canada wide right now, otherwise would be a great deal.
Oh my apologies, their marketing says it is but if that's not reality I didn't mean to misrepresent it. Where are you that your local theatres aren't supported?

The page on their web site that lists theatres has a link to let them know anywhere that it's not working, maybe you should report that to them?

https://www.sinemia.com/theater-list/
I thought it is.  Are you sure? They are not doing marketing that much but I remember reading about their launching Canada couple of months ago.
Especially since most movies are pretty terrible these days.
Sinemia is Canada wide.  If you don't have cinemas in your area, you should request them. They sometimes add theaters on demand
&gt; Especially since most movies are pretty terrible these days.

I'm just happy my christmas shopping is "free" from cash back since I'll always want to pay off a bill but not always watch a movie
&gt; every liquor store, Convenience stores, Steam, Spotify etc. show up as groceries on my statement

Wait, seriously? Is that just your card in particular, or is it for all CIBC cards, or just what Visa classifies them as?

Summary:
Grocery store cards with rewards is probably smart, I am all about that Scene Visa though for the free movies.
&gt; Grocery store cards with rewards is probably smart, I am all about that Scene Visa though for the free movies.
show up as groceries on my statement.
