Original Response:
Spoilers to some of the later stuff with suns refuge collections.

I just opened the door to melandru's secret sanctuary and I have to say, that is some wonderful environmental storytelling. The symbolism of having the presence of a god, much older and more ancient, hidden within the walls of a sanctuary dedicated to another, is compelling to say the least.

To Arena Net, you have sparked that love I have with a special video game with this release. I know a lot of people were expecting sun's refuge to be akin to players housing (not to say I don't want that either), but I was hoping it would be akin to the normandy from Mass Effect, and you delivered ten fold. As a quest hub, I have never been more invested in the events and adventures and achievements within the game. The way it evolves and expands, and how your achievements have a real impact on what is contained. From little details like the desert fox, to the sweeping great aspects of the achievement quests and voiced dialog and characters (and all the other secrets). This is truly a wonderful experience, akin to a fantastic single player RPG. My only lament  is that I can only do this all once, as it is with achievements, and the concern that it will only be relevant for this release.

I would say I have enjoyed each release in this living story, but this release has reached the heights of how I felt with both Heart of Thorns and Path of Fire. True, I'm still waiting for that grand meta event in the vein of Chak Garrent or even Verdent brink, but even the events have an attention to detail and quality that is reminiscent to the HoT events. Thank you for a wonderful release, just know that this is great work from a fan.

Also, just as a side note, the storytelling has been stellar ever since Path of Fire. I loved living story season 3 writing, but I have been gripped by the writing of this season.
And now just keep in mind, much like Google handles their apps all of this will be abandoned and forgotten in 3 months.

(This is why the LS really doesn't touch me any more, the modern releases where you know nothing can have more than 2-3 months of consequences)
I don't know if I have enough information to make that kind of cynical prediction. I get where you're coming from, but we're only 4 episodes in to season 4 and it's impossible to know how it will play out. All we have is season 3 and 2 to go on, and every season, so far, has been wildly different from eachother.  I have also felt that season 4 has payed off on a lot of the things they set up, so we'll see.
The issue is that maps have to be self contained not unlike things like HoT masteries can't be all over PoF. They seem to be willing to change this trend (there are updrafts in the new map due to consistency reasons - a piece of Maguuma is there), but I doubt that LS maps will have anything explicitly connecting them (e.g gain a new NPC for Sun's Refuge by doing something on the next LS map).
Exactly this, that's what I meant.

As problematic as LS1 was, it had the upside that the bigger changes it did were automatically permanent, like the destroyed tower in Kessex Hills or the changed LA.  
So assuming a piece of story caused such a change, it was "permanent" as a piece of story which shapes the world.

Due to the way each current story has to run inside it's own mini-zone of context, they're all highly disconnected. It also adds to the feeling that characters swim "in" and "out" of the story, constantly, with little rhyme or reason. Each time you start a LS episode you get the surprise in the first instance which voice actor was available and hence which NPC will be accompanying you *this* time! &gt;.&lt;

It just feels weird, IMO. I mean I get that the old way of telling the story had problems, but all the new mode did was swap those for different problems :(
I wouldn't really call it a cynical prediction, it's been something ANet has done to a multitude of features they have introduced to the game. PvP: Deathmatch abandoned, MoBA abandoned, Dungeons Abandoned, Guild Halls with the exceptions of basic things like 2-3 decorations once in a while not really looked at in greater detail, WvW hasn't been improved or really touched in a significant way in ages, Older LS maps abandoned (they never really go back and add new things i.e events/bosses, just a small collection item at best). 

Personally, I think Suns Refuge will be a forgotten memory for ANet by LS 5, I'd be happy if they prove me wrong but I doubt it.
Yeah, but feature abandonment does not really translate into story or hints to future stories. That said, I'm still concerned as to whether or not this feature will be involved even in the rest of season 4. I hope so, since this has been their greatest implementation of quests and achievements and it feels like it would be criminal to not have it at the center of the rest of season 4.

As far as season 5 goes, I have no expectation that suns refuge will be carried over to season 5. I just hope, instead, that they recognize the brilliance of it and use it as the first iteration for what we get in season 5. Essentially, getting a spiritual successor for suns refuge that accommodates the same idea for season 5. As far as I'm concerned, this feature should be the new standard for the game.
Unless they unlock suns refuge for people that have the next maps within the series. I will say, if they can't figure out how to continue utilizing and building this feature, then that is an inherent failing of living story that is so bad that they should consider completely restructuring their entire understanding of how they monetize and deliver the content. I would consider that an absolute failure of the model. 

That said, we do see them interacting with more crossplay between the different maps. This new release has achievements that require you to visit previous ls4 maps, which I think is their first time doing that.
it [probably won't be involved](https://en-forum.guildwars2.com/discussion/comment/687465/#Comment_687465). they just wanted to experiment with the feature I guess.

Unless Sun's Refuge becomes a core PoF feature, I think it's very unlikely they'll invest much into it. That's the downside of the episodes: they're meant to be *episodic*. They're trying to keep them sectioned off in a way which allows players who skipped/missed a previous episode be able to play the new one without any problems.
One of the devs already said in a forum chat that there are no plans to do anything with sun's refuge beyond episode 4.
That frustrates me endlessly. That is truly disappointing. They struck gold with this, they should continue to support it. Conversely to that, however, there are achievements in this release that rely on you having other living world content. Maybe they are experimenting with bridging them more?
I couldn't agree more. It disappoints me that there is a very probable reality that future living stories won't hook into what is probably the best idea they've ever come up with for achievements and story.

They struck gold with this release and if they let it drop by next episode, it will be a waste.

Summary:
I loved living story season 3 writing, but I have been gripped by the writing of this season.
Exactly this, that's what I meant.
they just wanted to experiment with the feature I guess.
As far as I'm concerned, this feature should be the new standard for the game.
This new release has achievements that require you to visit previous ls4 maps, which I think is their first time doing that.
My only lament  is that I can only do this all once, as it is with achievements, and the concern that it will only be relevant for this release.
