Original Response:
Took me around 9 months but I finally feel nothing when the price goes down or up. Thb I think becoming a hodler is just accepting the fact that that the money I put in is gone. All I think now is if/when btc becomes extremely valuable or replaces fiat all together I will be set
I am exactly the same. Even though my portfolio is down 70% even with buys on the dips, I am happy to be in the crypto community. I don't even stress, I know this will be ten folds within a few years. HODL or spend it, I never trade or sale back to garbage fiat.
Why would you spend it if you "know" it's going to make you set in a few years?
Because spending it will help distribute it and help adoption thus pushing the value of Bitcoin up?
You buying a bag of chips with crypto has next to zero influence on the price of crypto moving up
No, but thousands of people doing so might.
Yeah but probably not
But quite possibly.
\^\^ this guy doesn't vote
Is there any proof that spending crypto for goods and services puts upward price pressure?
\^lmfao I was about to move on from this thread and read your comment. This comment is fucking gold, because you know the mentality he has here would be similar to  when it comes to voting
Anecdotal evidence yes.

More people hold, accept and spend Bitcoin now than they did a year ago. The price is higher now than it was a year ago.

If you remove the noise that trading creates, you'd probably see a smooth curve. True, the price would be lower...but the growth would be there.
[deleted]
I don't really care about anecdotal evidence. Are there any actual studies that prove this?
No. Its the same as selling
Exactly
To be fair your vote only really counts in state and local elections. In presidential elections your state will go one way or another. Unless you live in a swing state.
#Only Turkeys vote for xmas.
[removed]
If you held shares in your favourite stock, why would you swap a share for capuchin?!?!?
I need some friends too
If nobody uses BTC, then where's the value in it?  Are you just holding it so you can sell it for fiat later?  Why would anyone buy it from you if nobody used it?
Eventually, if BTC is used, people will think, "That bag of chips cost 0.000159 btc."  Not, "That bag of chips costs $1."  Otherwise, what are you holding for?
We all need friends in these trying times
No it's not. Selling means getting dollars. Buying stuff means getting stuff for your Bitcoin. It's a great way to spread it. I've paid my lawyer, accountant, and lawn guy in Bitcoin. Guess what? They're all in the game now. 

Spending is the best way to increase adoption and ultimately raise the price.
Exactly. Use Bitcoin to pay for stuff. That's the way. Just buy back what you spend.
Lets be friends then :)
I want friends too
**LOL, WHAT ARE THOSE CHIPS MADE OF? EXPENSIVE AF.**
[deleted]
How about a BFF?
Meh

Summary:
I am exactly the same.
I need some friends too.
More people hold, accept and spend Bitcoin now than they did a year ago.
Just buy back what you spend.
Why would you spend it if you "know" it's going to make you set in a few years?
Why would anyone buy it from you if nobody used it?
