Original Response:
Hi,

&amp;#x200B;

Not a rider, but after watching stupid drivers on youtube and seeing moto bikers react.  I think to myself.  Isn't safety and brotherly love important? so why would a biker smash something that the driver would need to see a fellow biker?  Go for the taillights or headlights... maybe the police will get them...

&amp;#x200B;

\-brother

&amp;#x200B;

edit: thanks for the comments.   

# Bikers Are Awesome - Random Acts of Kindness !!!!!
You don't think logically while raging.

I've seen driver's hit and run over bikers JUST because they don't like motorcycles. 

Psychotic isn't it?
Really? Just people randomly trying to kill people for no reason other than they were on a bike?
Yes. They generally have a grudge against all bikers because of a previous encounter with a different biker. I've seen it happen.
Yeah that doesn't sound accurate at all.
[deleted]
[deleted]
So you've seen bikers get HIT and RUN OVER for NO OTHER reason than being on a bike.  The biker was just minding his own business following the law and BLAM.  Out of nowhere a car smashes the biker and the only reason the car did it was because the guy was on a bike.

Yeah, that's pretty much bullshit.
Yes, unfortunately.

I was a mountain biker for decades before I got into motorcycling, I've been hit-and-run on my bike, and I've seen cars intentionally clip cyclists because they were mad they were in the road.

I've had a guy run out of his driveway on foot in front of my motorcycling waving his arms and yelling "that's enough of that!". He apparently thought I was the loud bike that drives through his neighborhood at night.

We're cool now, but if you're reading this Jeff, you gotta chill buddy, your wife worries about your heart.
Had a neighbor who was a mechanic, worked on all sorts of cool shit. But one night he was working on a Harley and thought it would be okay to rev it up and down the street at 11p. I let him know it was not okay, by standing in the middle of the street in my PJs.
Unfortunately for Jeff, we have a similar situation in my neighborhood, the guy he's looking for has a straight-pipped Harley. My GSX-S750 isn't any louder than my Ninja 300.

I know where the guy he's looking for lives but I don't actually know him well enough to talk to him about it.
Just tell Jeff that that guy is out there saving lives with his loud pipes.

Summary:
I've seen driver's hit and run over bikers JUST because they don't like motorcycles.
He apparently thought I was the loud bike that drives through his neighborhood at night.
So you've seen bikers get HIT and RUN OVER for NO OTHER reason than being on a bike.
