Original Response:
That sucks fiery charr balls when you put it into perspective. I'm only logging on to do some gw2 hot metas fantasizing about getting the drop to change the quality of my gw2 game when it realistically wont happen. 

I don't know if this is common, but please don't reduce your gametime to expecting thst rare drop while you grunt in disappointment everytime and go around in circles. I'm gonna try to be more relaxed with gw2 now.

Have any of you ever fell into this rabbithole of constant fantasizing and expectations?
i'll pass on getting a rare infusion if the game would just give me a precursor drop, promised myself when i first seen a legendary weapon i wouldnt buy one and i'll only make one if i got a drop, wanted it to be special....well over 7,000 ingame hours later and still waiting.......it'll happen soon......just gotta keep waiting.......
If you really want a precursor, there are ways to get one to drop. You'll want to go to silverwastes with a lot of unidentified gear. It can be really fun
rare unid gear can turn into precursors?!
That's almost a fucking year in gametime. 291 days. 
Work some real time cheap work and you'll be done with a precursor in a few hours. The chance of getting a precursor doesn't increase the more you play it. Don't need this 'special' event, crafting the precursor if you go that route is a journey of itself already.
It doesn't have to be rare, any unid gear can be a precursor.
Do you actively gamble in the mystic forge though? I've been playing for 8,000 hours and ~~never had a precursor drop from anywhere outside the forge~~ (scratch that, Leaf of Kudzu dropped once for me as a map completion reward, but my point still stands), but from the forge I've had at least ~7 precursors from forging exotics and rares over the years.
already have a job that pays decent, i enjoy gw2, its my main game for years now :P , i can alreaady buy a precursor, but want that drop tho, want that special moment of seeing it in my bag as a rando drop out there while doing something :)
Oh, well if you want that sort of novelty regardless, go for it. Good luck with that mate
I am now vastly more interested in PoF
Until you realize that precursor doesn't mean overly significant amount of gold anymore. Howl, for example, sells for 80g.
80g is 80g  


Just like 20 bucks is 20 bucks if you're asked to ^(insert sexual favor here)
Funny thing, those harpy cats and harpies on fractals, in 3 years I have seen them drop 8-9 precursors on my groups, guildmates and friends also has seen them drop them on their pug groups... So anything can really drop a precursor. (I think someone made a threada month ago with video about a pre dropping from a unlikely target)
Yeah but like... I fantasize about winning the lottery and never having to worry about money again. I don't fantasize about finding a $50 on the ground.

Summary:
It doesn't have to be rare, any unid gear can be a precursor.
If you really want a precursor, there are ways to get one to drop.
rare unid gear can turn into precursors?
