Original Response:
Media beat up just trying to make it ‘American’ with the Colin Kaepernick angle

We will stand for national anthems at Finals in sporting events,  if we are out of beer and we’re going to be getting up anyway.

At a stab less than 5% of people would know there is more than 1 verse.  

And as recent media showed most people were more pissed off that Peter Dutton didn’t know or have a favourite AC/DC song
&gt;And as recent media showed most people were more pissed off that Peter Dutton didn’t know or have a favourite AC/DC song


Wait wait, highway to hell isn't our anthem?
I always assumed it was The Angels - Am I ever gonna see your face again.
It’s thunderstruck, you heathen!
Nice try fascist, it's Horses
I thought it was eagle rock
I thought it was NoKTuRNL - Time Flies - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDqvwjSUigo
Next they will  be outraged when we dont say "god bless Australia" or if someone flashes a boob on TV. The bible thumping American brand has arrived, forget about free speech and expression. Trial by the media nothings of the world.
[Coma](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKUeHFKT4ek) ?
No way, get fucked, fuck off
For Dutton, it has to be [Goodbye Horses](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W-7qpjlMg6E)
I thought it was 'down under by men at work'.
Fuck it, everyone throwing in all these ideas. Our new anthem is just a pub jukebox full of the classics. Happy now?
I say we deport everyone who wants Australia to be more like America to America.
100% more people would be able to sing Horses at The Cox Plate than the national anthem at the same event!
Can we put it on shuffle?
It's Let There Be Rock you fucking traitor!

Edit: Bon Scott broke his ankle for our sins!
Of course
Fuck off, mate it’s dirty deeds and if you disagree, I’ll have you done dirty cheap.
When did this song become popular?.. back in the day pubs used to play it at the end of the night to clear out the stragglers.
It's a meme song IMO
The Coalition would never make that the anthem; they've made it perfectly clear that if you fall, they begrudge having to pick you up, pick you up
I mean every public school I’ve taught at (probably a dozen between being a student, substitute and then regular teacher) has sung the first two verses at every assembly. Even if my Grade 2 students would sing “For those who’ve come across the seas, we’ve found this place to share...” even after I explained to them the correct lyrics.
[deleted]
Dirty Deeds Done ~~Dirt Cheap~~ By Our Mates For Taxpayers' Billions
I heard Daryl sing it live at a music festival in 2006. Its the ONLY thing I remember from the festival. Just a catchy song.
[deleted]
It just proves that rock music is bogan and racist.
I was at a school that pushed public singing so we sang both verses every Monday.

I couldnt believe the gall of Hanson to fucking weigh in on a kid not wanting to stand

"For those who've come across the seas  
We've boundless plains to share"

I cant believe the media even gave that disgusting ranga a voice in this. Her words are empty and meaningless.
I thought it was the [Philip Ruddock Blues](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZQShSBhzG40)
Why are you posting random songs?
How do you define random?
it is when the Libs are in charge.
[what? nar it's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c7J2madZVFA)
I’m glad to say I never had to sing Advance Australia Fair at school. We did have to sing the anthem in primary school once, but it was God Save The Queen (and the fascist regime:)
My summary of this story: the parents are idiots for putting their kid up to this stunt; the school are idiots for punishing the kid for not standing; the media are idiots for giving this so much attention; people are idiots for for getting angry over it; other people are idiots for getting angry at the other morons who are angry; meanwhile a poor nine year old kid is surrounded by idiots.
And we're on reddit :D
How do you know the parents were up to it? There are more influences to a 9 year old than parents. If we're talking toddlers, yeah, but maybe you haven't been around kids who have not been beaten down by their parents.
I don't have much experience with children of that age, but would a 9 year old girl really be able to come to the conclusion that the line is exclusionary to Indigenous people and be able to give a quite strong justification without outside help?

And would the child necessarily know that kneeling for the anthem is considered an action of protest without someone telling her to do it?
Obviously I don't know 100%, but a lifetime of experience and common sense tells me the kid didn't come up with the idea on her own. Have you read her statement? It doesn't sound like something a nine year old would say.

For what it's worth, I don't think she should have been punished for what she did, and I don't think people should be obliged to stand for the anthem or that they should indoctrinate people in primary school with it, but the parents have in all likelihood caused their child a lot of grief because of this. She's a nine year old kid, she should be enjoying being a child, she has a whole lifetime to be uptight about politics and social issues.
Children today have access to much more information than they ever had. Though the kneeling thing has not had much TV or news coverage, it is all over social media. 

Children often have clearer sense of morality uncorrupted by adult anxieties and self delusions, though sometimes flawed and naive. An extreme stance is actually what you can expect from an nine year old rather than a heavily worked and compromised middle of the road stand, which is why the media seems to think this is refreshingly, but it is not. So no, I would not necessarily think the kid would be 'obviously' coached by the parents. Influenced, probably.
Nine year olds can pursue whatever she likes. She may think differently in six months and just play with her toys. Some kids can mature faster in some ways than others. They may surprise you.
Cause none of that has been in the Zeitgeist recently :/

If you don't have experience with children that age, why even offer an opinion?
I wouldn't say I offered any opinion, my post was 2 questions, which someone else has answered.
Fair.
[deleted]
&gt;how do you know the parents were up to it?

How the fuck do you think we even know about the story? Who do you think told the media in the first place?
Geniuses exist and aren't so uncommon that behaviour such as this should ever surprise you as an occasional one off. Some kids are never really kids to begin with.

1 out of 50 people have an IQ in the early 130 range. 1 out of a couple of hundred are 140+, take it to 1-2 thousand such as a relatively large school and seeing one around 150 becomes fairly likely, not to mention the serious outliers beyond that.

Simply hearing a single prior discussion over a dinner table regarding a news topic that came up for a matter of a few minutes or reading an article online is all a position like that would take to solidly form. It's nowhere near unthinkable.

The parents likely had nothing to do with the actual decision at the time. Only becoming part of it via taking it public in order to attempt to force the administrators to reverse the punishment/requirement. In the same vein as students forced to wear certain outfits had to take such issues public to get ongoing restrictions lifted.
We're talking about hypotheticals here. My theory is more plausible than yours. Therefore common sense dictates it's more likely I'm right than you are.
Also, it was the parents who went to the media over the story.
Why are the parents idiots for "putting the kid up to this stunt?"  Isn't it important to teach children that it's okay to stand up  (or not) for what you believe in?  That just because everyone else does something with no question doesn't mean you should too?  I mean, if she'd vandalised something in protest then yeah, a suspension is warranted but not standing doesn't even come close to that.
And you're superior to everyone else
I'm superior to butthurt snowflakes from the left and right. Normal people, I consider equals
It's important to teach kids to become a member of society, not to teach them to carry on our political battles by proxy. Also, I don't think the kid should've been punished, just that her parents are wankers.
They are no more idiots then parents sending children to a "christian" school, claiming that they have a "christian child" despite the child having no say in the matter, then have the child believe about an invisible sky friend.

Who said the parents told the child to do this?

The child enjoys the protections of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of which Australia is a signatory.

http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/index.html

&gt; Article 18.
 

&gt; Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance.
 

&gt; Article 19.
 

&gt; Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.

In Australia these rights are enforceable.
A 9 year old would probably not come up with any of that on their own, but kids that age are information sponges, while at the same time lacking the experience to know what to do with all the knowledge they're absorbing. Kids that age are always telling you the latest thing they've learned as if they've come up with it themselves and it's the most amazing fact ever. 

I think far _more_ likely than the kid having been "put up to it" is that after a lot of evenings at home listening to her leftie parents talking about leftie things, she came _entirely on her own_ to the decision that this was a thing she could do that would make her parents proud of her.
Yeah, ok. That makes a lot more sense
Lots of speculative questions, no answers.
No... the parents went to the media after Harper got detention for ignoring the teacher for weeks with the protest.

As per the original channel 9 article
That does not prove they were using her to put forward their own views.
I don’t agree with the ‘outrage’ either,  but the parents parading this child around various media outlets suggests as much.
Not beyond reasonable doubt, but it's a shitload more than basic speculation.
[removed]
The girl probably learned more about the spiteful nature of people in the past few weeks than a lifetime of studies.
So you admit there is reasonable doubt. I agree.
&gt;They are no more idiots then parents sending children to a "christian" school, claiming that they have a "christian child" despite the child having no say in the matter, then have the child believe about an invisible sky friend.

&amp;#x200B;

I agree those parents are idiots. This kid's parents are also idiots.

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;Who said the parents told the child to do this?

&amp;#x200B;

Common sense

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;The child enjoys the protections of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of which Australia is a signatory.

&amp;#x200B;

If you read my post, you'd know that I think the school are idiots for punishing her.
Mate this isn't a yes or no thing. He parents went to the media with this story, meaning at the very least they agree with her and they're dumb enough to not see the possible media shitstorm it would create.
You are also speculating that they agree with her. That is not necessarily true. They may simply believe that she can believe what she wants and believe that they should support her in her freedom to express herself, even if they don't specifically agree or strongly agree with her cause.
Do you honestly believe they would complain to the media about her protest if the extent of their belief was "she is allowed to express herself"

Mate I appreciate the effort in giving the principle of charity but you're going to absurd lengths to argue that the parents don't hold a degree of agreement with her opinion.
That is not my point at all which is why we are going in circles. I am saying you have not proven yours. Essentially, you are using mere circumstances as proof, I am just calling you out on it. Maybe her parents are goading her into it but there is no certainty. 

Also, whoever posts the last wins, and so I have won.
You know this is just bad faith arguing and doesn't do you any favours right?

&gt;Essentially, you are using mere circumstances as proof, I am just calling you out on it.

"Mere circumstances". Fuck mate, what do you want exactly? A signed confession? I never said there was certainty her parents goaded her into it.

I doubt you know the first bloody thing about kids, how they form their views or what impact their parents have but you've decided to dig in on this issue for fuck-knows-why.
&gt; you've decided to dig in on this issue for fuck-knows-why.

Ditto.
Well I haven't been a complete coward and have actually been honest and presented my opinion, so you have some basis to work with.

While you've just randomly argued semantics without ever presenting what you actually think happened with this girl.
I am simply giving her and her parents the benefit of the doubt that jumping into conclusions. That is the point I am making. I know that it doesn't check out with my user name but here we are.
You're simply assuming her parents went to the media to complain despite having no interest in her protest. That's ridiculous.
This is what I’ve been trying to say all along.  Not every family sits and stares at the TV while they’re having dinner, they have conversations about work, school, about the world and things that they’re passionate about.  
Disclaimer - not our family.  We watched tv and listened to mum and dad gripe about everything on the news.

Summary:
&amp;#x200B;

I agree those parents are idiots.
How do you know the parents were up to it?
Also, it was the parents who went to the media over the story.
This kid's parents are also idiots.
That is the point I am making.
How the fuck do you think we even know about the story?
&gt;how do you know the parents were up to it?
Also, I don't think the kid should've been punished, just that her parents are wankers.
I am saying you have not proven yours.
Why are the parents idiots for "putting the kid up to this stunt?"
It doesn't sound like something a nine year old would say.
I never said there was certainty her parents goaded her into it.
&amp;#x200B;

If you read my post, you'd know that I think the school are idiots for punishing her.
There are more influences to a 9 year old than parents.
Who said the parents told the child to do this?
The parents likely had nothing to do with the actual decision at the time.
