Original Response:
Now the question is: Is this quote " **The promise that we're making players right now is that this season, we are planning to release a new mount that players weren't expecting.** " about the beetle? Or another new mount??
I don't have room on my keyboard for another mount.
Shift/Alt/Ctrl + anykey
Would be odd if he was talking about the beetle because that would implies the interview is month**s** old.

We're definitely getting a new mount. The big multiseats rhino mount that_shaman teased one year ago perhaps?
This is intriguing yes. At the time this interview was conducted, Roller Beetle had come out already, so no one is /not/ expecting that anymore. And it certainly is out of planning stage. But will we really get yet another mount? It really sounds like he is talking about the Roller Beetle, but like, from a historical perspective? 

If we get another mount that we are not expecting, and if it's truly coming this season, I suppose it's in the series finale. 

But with how proud they were of the Roller Beetle, how resource intensive it was, and with how it already fits everything he said, it seems kinda... off. Personally I don't think we'll be getting another mount, but hey Anet, surprise me.
I was gonna say "Aurene" but honestly who *isn't* expecting to ride that dragon at some point?

Although given how the story's likely to go--y'know, with Aurene getting bigger and bigger and more and more of a dragon--she wouldn't be able to be a permanent mount, so that wouldn't be the answer anyway.
[deleted]
Something seems lost in translation here.
Alt +  F4 works.
Consider getting them on numeric keyboard. big enough, and just few centimeters from your mouse hand. And you always have X for default mount.
He even references the roller beetle in the interview. I think it is something new. I was thinking Aurene since she seems to be modelled off the Griffon, but can you really "release" her as a new mount? Now I'm intrigued...
If we ever get to ride Aurene, it will be during a story instance. We don't want dozens of Aurene flying around. The behavior and animations are also too similar to the griffon.

I'm really expecting another new mount with its own mechanic... And the only two other types I can think of on the top of my head is running on walls (scrapped mount spider) OR multiseat mounts... The latter will definitely be popular for trains lol.
I eventually want Aurene to be a MAP. Go to this waypoint to scratch her behind the ears. Go to that waypoint to kill flies that are bothering her rump.
An underwater mount also seems very likely sooner or later, we have air and ground covered, so it stands to reason we'll get something that can swim very fast.
Underwater mount?
Well with the Living Story 4 focused on Elona and Kralkatorrik, I really don't see us getting a proper underwater map until LS5.
I had forgotten about the rhino you mentioned. Given we're going to be spending some more time in the general Kourna region, it could fit thematically. You might be on to something.
Except we already have Aurene Mini's and Aurene backpacks, which remain at their current size, so following that logic, we could have a "Teenage" Aurene mount, and it forever remain that way despite the fact that she will grow.
Most likely will be wrong but I'm still pining for the lost spider mount
It is something we expect so IDK honestly :/
That's true. I guess I just consider mounts to be a bit more "real" than backpack skins and minis because mounts do things. If it's just an Aurene skin for the griffon then sure, but a whole separate mount seems like a step beyond something like a mini.
It's why I said "sooner or later" ;)
Ride, yes.

Mount, no. Please no.
Yeah, agreed.
I really don't want that, unless "Aurene" mount is disguised as a Griffon for other players, who haven't reached that point with a character.
Octopuppy incoming!
Still a possibility, just maybe not for this next release.
If it happens it will just be a skin, and I kinda think it will happen.
Yeah sorry I missed the "also seems" in your sentence ahah
I legit used Alt+F1...4 to summon mounts when PoF was recently released and was pissed off my game would close when trying to summon the Jackal, after the third or fourth time I realised I was a dumbass...
&gt; And the only two other types I can think of on the top of my head is running on walls (scrapped mount spider)

Make it a multi-legged lizard instead. That solves the issue for people that are arachnophobic and gives them a way to introduce a new mechanic that's different than the Springer.
I still expect the Aurene skin to only be visible to the player itself, while all other "Aurenes" are replaced with a griffon skin.
I just want a dragon skin for the griffon
The animations aren't just similar, [they're exactly the same.](https://reddit.app.link/ybG0uLGW9P)
That'd be perfect.
Obviously it will be Mr. Gum Drop
Hmm. Aurene griffon gets no dye channels, shows default griffon with default dye to other players.

I'm okay with this.
&gt; Go to that waypoint to kill flies that are bothering her rump. 

As long as it isn't a "Clean up on aisle 2" kind of thing.
I did this once. I think they're shift f1-f6 now.

Though I'd like to bind them to f13-f19 and point the radial menu at that.
A wall scaling mount was the first thing that went to my head as well, but to alleviate the arachnophobia, i was thinking of a cute gecko instead. Something like - run on walls or even on ceilings that are too tight or too high for springer and griffon to get.
Are we expecting Aurene then? Or a misdirection

Summary:
I think it is something new.
I was thinking Aurene since she seems to be modelled off the Griffon, but can you really "release" her as a new mount?
I just want a dragon skin for the griffon.
I don't have room on my keyboard for another mount.
But will we really get yet another mount?
We're definitely getting a new mount.
Are we expecting Aurene then?
I eventually want Aurene to be a MAP.
