Original Response:
[removed]
Do you have a source on this?
Im almost 95% sure this guy is just being a troll.
The fuck?
You dropped the /s and are confusing people
Yyyyyep. :)
It's ok, I feel your pain.  Some of my older family members like to post news stories that are 6 years old and act like it happened yesterday on my FB too.
Not a troll, per se. Just someone who shakes his head whenever people report "MISSING" ad nauseum, but who don't edit or remove those when the issue is resolved, thus perpetuating the cycle over and over.

I try to approach people on my social media feed to address the continuation of obsolete news, but since it doesn't affect them directly they don't care.

Ah well, what can ya do, eh? Just sit back and watch as concerned citizens try their best to raise awareness, all while being unaware of reality.
Thats reasonable.

While it is true sometimes you cant fix people who dont want to learn, I personally am more happy just personally knowing the story has a happy end. Or if not a happy one, at least closure.
Thanks for clearing it up, but you know you could have just said that to begin with.
I had a cousin (he's going to college for journalism no less) that confidently reported on FB that 76 people had died a few hours after Florence had made landfall. 

Felt like an idiot for believing that idiot when I turned to CNN and saw that the wind was blowing 76 mph and they were reporting at the time 3 dead.
Do you get that thing where you try to point out their outdated news, but they turn it around that you're the asshole for pointing out their discrepancy?

I get that sometimes.
Yup or you comment that the kid's been found for example and every fucking comment below yours ignores you and it's all "oh, I hope the poor angel gets found. Prayers"
Got to take news from Facebook with a grain of salt.
Ha! Yes! I love those... lol.

Summary:
I try to approach people on my social media feed to address the continuation of obsolete news, but since it doesn't affect them directly they don't care.
You dropped the /s and are confusing people.
