Original Response:
F24 / M22


The other night me and my girlfriend were getting frisky. She starts giving me a blowjob... I really like blowjobs, who doesn't? A couple minutes in she goes "do you want to have sex?" And I say "I'm really enjoying this blowjob" so she keeps going. Another couple minutes in she goes "are you sure you would rather do this than have sex" and I say "I'm enjoying this and it feels great, but we can if you want". She says "I don't mind" and keeps going. Another couple minutes in she says "I feel like I want to have sex but you want a blowjob" and I say "I think you're right" and she keeps going. I say "are you sure you want to do this?" And she says "I don't mind" and keeps going. We finish, start cuddling, and she says to me "I feel a bit guilty that I don't give you many blowjobs because you eat me out so often".   

Don't get me wrong - I love eating her out. I love hearing her moan, and making her feel good. I don't do it because I want something. I do it because I enjoy doing it.  But I don't get a lot of blowjobs in return. Maybe a 1:8 kind of ratio. I don't expect them. But I like them. 

So I said "it would be nice if it happened more often".

She got really upset with me. The next day (today) we went out to a dinner and afterwards she started tearing up and telling me that she was angry with me, that it was awful that I'd say something like that. That it was really rude of me. She told me that if blowjobs were that important to me that I should go back to one of my "whore face ex girlfriends". She said I was pressuring her because she doesn't like giving blowjobs (she had never told me that before, how was I meant to know?) and it was awful that I made her keep going last night even though I could tell she wasn't into it (I gave her multiple chances to say she wanted to stop)

I told her that I felt like we should be able to talk and discuss things like that rather than get mad and have it turn into an argument. I said I didn't think it would upset her because if she said the equivalent to me ("you don't eat me out often enough") I'd take it as constructive feedback and do it more often, or just tell her I didn't want to instead of getting angry. 

She ended up telling me that if I expect to get blowjobs in return for eating her out (which I've never said) then she doesn't want me to ever eat her out again. She also told me that she decided she's only going to do it when she feels like it and not when I want it. 

Did I handle this poorly? Should I not have said that? Should I have done anything differently? I'm a little upset at the outcome but I understand and respect it. I'm open to any feedback about the situation or any similar experiences.
This is an issue of miscommunication on her part but ill try to explain the subtext that I think she meant. When she was asking you if she should continue the blowjob, what she meant was "I'm uncomfortable continuing and I want confirmation that you value my comfort over your pleasure and dont view me as an object or a whore." She was fishing for you to stop her to prove how much you care about her, basically. 

 Now, its horribly unfair of her to "test" you in this way rather than just say what she wants, but it sounds like she's not doing this on purpose, she just has a really unhealthy view of sexuality and is struggling with that. It sounds like she feels certain things are expected of her and also some things may feel demeaning to her.

I think you should talk to her and express that you dont see sex as transactional and you dont want her to feel pressured into doing anything, but that you cant read her mind about how she feels so you need her to communicate her feelings more clearly. Then start a discussion about what each of you actually enjoys doing. If she's up for it, a "want will wont" chart would be great. Basically you each sort a bunch of different sex acts into three lists: things you actively want, things you dont mind and will do if your partner is interested, and things you won't do, then compare the lists. Ecourage her to put things in the "wont category" if she is on the fence between will and won't. It sounds like she has a hard time setting boundaries and is pushing herself to do things she's not comfortable with and you encouraging her to say no when she wants to say no will show her that you care.
That is exactly how I see it. My boyfriend now can "read" for the most part when I'm uncomfortable however if I'm doing something like choking on his dick and he was lost in bliss, if I said, "are you sure you want me to keep going?" Its more often than not my attempt at politely and indirectly saying this fucking hurts my jaw and throat... without actually saying I want to stop.


You did nothing wrong. Just miscommunication.
"Miscommunication" makes it sounds blameless.  "Oh, things got *miscommunicated*."

No, one party is deliberately hiding important information from the other, so they don't have to take responsibility for their own needs, and then dishonestly blaming the other party.
Why does there have to blame?

Some people communicate differently and sometimes it takes stopping and having a convo. OP is definitely not in the wrong and yes his girl should have communicated better but instead of finding someone to place the blame on,


I think it would be healthier if they tackled it as a shared problem. 


In my case I was raised going through some shit. I will sit my ass through uncomfortable situations because I'm being "good". It took a year of us working on stuff for me not to be afraid when I voice I don't want to be doing something. He could have blamed me like you suggested but instead we understood it as something we could work on together.
I think its a bitt unfair to imply that his gf was doing this on purpose so that she could blow up at him about it. Yes, I believe everyone should learn to be better at communicating their needs, but women are often socialized to give "soft" nos instead of "hard" nos so as to protect other people's feelings. Also some men dont take hard nos very kindly. I agree that this is something we need to stop enforcing as a society, but it is currently the norm so I think we can cut the gf a bit of slack and just encourage her to develop her boundary setting skills in a positive way.
[deleted]
Because there has to be blame.  What was so hard that she couldn't say "I don't wanna do this anymore can we have sex".  If you don't wanna go the super blunt way how about "i want you inside me right now.  "please fuck me".  All of those are clear and to the point which is what you need in a relationship.  She doesn't get to be made because shes incapable of telling her partner what she wants.
&gt; Why does there have to blame?

Because she failed to advocate for herself and created this whole situation, had a public meltdown, and called his exes whores.

This is her *fault*. She is to *blame*. She did this. OP was just there.
fucking PREACH.
I can totally feel you on the socialization aspect. I get being condition to behave a certain way.

But her behavior when he didn't get the message she didn't bother to send?

Ridiculous.
If this was a ons or they only just started being together you would have a bit of a point.  but assuming this is an established relationship she really has no excuse for not making her likes and dislikes known.  Its not like shes hiding or having trouble talking about an extreme fetish this is oral sex
Man you sound like one angry dude.

All of the replies have sounded like angry motherfuckers. Clearly, some woman has wronged you somewhere.


I literally said in my original comment she should have communicated better.

But aye break out the pitchforks on the chick who is just trying to be fucking positive. She's a cunt for bringing up his exes. I for one like sucking my man's dick and if that makes me a whore she can kiss my ass.


However. That doesn't mean OP needs to go full apocalyptic and blame her and make her feel worse and or turn it into more bullshit drama like a few of you seem to advocate.


Oooooor. Tackle it as a couple. And get more blowjobs. 

That's just one chicks opinion on the fucking internet. Put your fucking pitchforks back up your asses.
[deleted]
I don't think it was a miscommunication. OP knew she isn't into blowjobs, I'm sure. When she asked if he wanted her to continue and he said yes, the subtext of his response was "I enjoy blowjobs and I feel you should reciprocate the oral I give you. I'd like you to continue despite your discomfort, which I find irrational. It hurts me that you find putting my dick in your mouth offensive".

It's hard to say who's wrong here. OP got frustrated by his lack of sexual fulfillment and took advantage of her lack of assertiveness. On the flip side, that's on her that she gave him the opportunity, while refusing to address or accept that oral is important to him, and a way he feels appreciated.

I think they both have poor communication styles. If she agrees to that chart idea I would be surprised.
I'm a guy and I feel my blood pressure rise reading this shit. It's because we've dealt with situations where a woman wants and needs a particular behaviour in a relationship but refuses to articulate it. Tension builds, affection turns to resentment and the relationship dissolves. 

It's weird and frustrating as hell to argue with someone you love when you can see on their face that they know exactly what's wrong and what they want but they will never tell you. Ever.
And obviously, those women should have communicated better.


But y'all are projecting that anger hard here.
True, "poor communication" may have been a better term than "miscommunication". I think I'm just more hopeful than most people on this thread that people can work on and improve their communication skills.
But people do things that they find uncomfortable for their partner all the time? My ex would check in if he wanted to watch a show I hated, and I'd say "yeah it's fine continue" and I fully meant it. He wasn't interpreting it as "I want to continue making you uncomfortable for me to watch my show."
You performed some fucking amazing mental gymnastics to reach this conclusion.  OP clearly stated that he did NOT know that she wasn't into blowjobs.  OP is just another failed mind-reader.
I think the frustration comes from guys expecting women to communicate with the same level of responsibility that they expect of themselves. On a superficial level it's a weaker and more frustrating form of conmunication, and its not at all in line with the idea that men and women are equal/the same that the guy above learned when he was 10. It does take a form of entitlement to demand that your hinting be enough but as a guy it's either deal with that or be miserable.

Anyway, usually what she wants is something she wouldn't want to think you're faking. Love, care, appreciation, balls.
Which I can totally get on board with. 

My partner and I have had years of this. It's frustrating for both of us. And I don't demand he take my hinting as concrete orders and he doesn't demand that I change completely. Additionally getting angry or frustrated with me just makes me collapse into myself. So we found that for us (no two people are the fucking same but this worked for us) that working on communicating, touching base, and me speaking up helped us in the bedroom in the long run.

And for guys yes its blows but when you take into account that 1 in 4 women are the victim of some sort of aggression, it makes sense that the psychology there might be a little skewed and someone will need to adjust.
As a woman, my advice is to ask her to use her goddamn words or don't expect to get what she wants. I see no reason why anyone in any relationship should be shit-tested or expected to mindread. That's not productive or healthy. "If you can't tell me, then how can I possibly be held responsible for not meeting your needs?" Also, no partner is under any obligation whatsoever to meet any need. *Every*one is allowed to say no to something. 

&amp;#x200B;

I will also risk downvotes by suggesting that this passive aggressive bullshit isn't gender-specific. Last guy I dated was like this, subjecting me to dumb little shit tests, pouting when he didn't get his way but then never articulating what the problem was. First time, he did it was hilarious to me. We were sitting on the porch, he was pouting, I'm playing with the dog or whatever and I realize I'm chirping along happily about my day, trying to ask about his and I'm getting one-word answers or none at all. Finally, I realize I'm supposed to drag it out of him. "What's wrong," I ask. He looks me dead in the eye and goes, "NOTHING! Just, nothing, okay?" Y'all, I almost burst out laughing and asked him if he wanted to be the woman in our relationship, because isn't that the stereotype, that women claim there's nothing wrong when there very obviously IS something wrong? No, instead, I played the game and I totally understand why men resent it so hard when ~~women~~ girls pull that shit. It's infuriating.
You point out that she "should have communicated better" and yet try to argue that she too is blameless?? You said "she's at fault, but not to blame". 
Also the whole "I was abused in past, so it's not my fault" argument is absolute bs. I was abused, the people who did that are only to blame for their actions. Yes, I have habits that were set during that time, but if I just throw my hands up and say "well its not really my fault" then I'll never get over those habits. Yes, sometimes I react a certain way because of my past, but when the dust settles I don't say "I did that cause of my past" and leave it at that. I try to apologize for my behaviour, because I'm don't want to be a manipulative pos. I used to not do that, and I spent 10 years wishing I could be better. Then someone pointed out that just blaming everything on my abusers was stupid, and three years later I *am* better.
Well. Obviously. That's why I went to therapy and was forced to reflect... as a sexual abuse victim myself. Believe me it wasn't fucking easy.

But everyone who comments seems to want to go straight for the throat, blame her, shes at fault yadda yadda yadda.

Like i straight up said, talk. Work on it together.


Everyone else is focused on the fact that the "blame" isnt the core of what I suggested instead of idk... growing and moving past it?

Talking like a grown ass couple?


Idk what kind of response you negative people want from me.


OP. I hope you get more blowjobs, no matter the route you choose to handle this. Lol.
&gt; But everyone who comments seems to want to go straight for the throat, blame her, shes at fault yadda yadda yadda.

I'm one of those. And I, like /u/Melia2005 grew up abused.

It's hard for me to empathize with someone mishandling their baggage when I managed to deal with mine.


I have a feeling that this might be the reason the responses are what they are.
I don't even see it as anger, though. Past a certain developmental stage, you're expected to be able to wield language to communicate your needs.

When someone refuses to articulate their needs, gets mad at you for not anticipating their needs, and then acts shitty, it's difficult to see that person as worthwhile.
&gt; his passive aggressive bullshit isn't gender-specific.

No, but it IS bullshit.

&gt; Y'all, I almost burst out laughing and asked him if he wanted to be the woman in our relationship

You showed remarkable restraint.
As someone who struggled to handle mine but still managed anyway I simply empathize and gave OP a suggestion to head in a more... conducive direction. 


Not everyone handles shit the same. Good on y'all for coming out the other end relatively okay. 

And hell. If a conversation just lands OP in a worse situation by all means, dump her ass.
Agreed 200% bullshit. I didn’t want all y’all men to feel alone with this crap. At least most of us learn valuable lessons from these experiences.
&gt; I think its a bitt unfair to imply that his gf was doing this on purpose so that she could blow up at him about it

Most don't consciously do it on purpose but the behavior pattern is there and over the long haul makes them an asshole for doing it over and over.  Conscious or not.
Yeah it doesn't matter if she was intentionally being obtuse or not. Healthy communication is direct. She was not direct.

There are many reasons why learning this might be more difficult for one party over another, but the solution is to be direct.

Summary:
I don't do it because I want something.
I say "are you sure you want to do this?"
I do it because I enjoy doing it.
I don't think it was a miscommunication.
I really like blowjobs, who doesn't?
She says "I don't mind" and keeps going.
And she says "I don't mind" and keeps going.
And I say "I'm really enjoying this blowjob" so she keeps going.
Don't get me wrong - I love eating her out.
Should I not have said that?
You said "she's at fault, but not to blame".
She starts giving me a blowjob...
But I don't get a lot of blowjobs in return.
I have a feeling that this might be the reason the responses are what they are.
That is exactly how I see it.
Like i straight up said, talk.
My partner and I have had years of this.
I was abused, the people who did that are only to blame for their actions.
And obviously, those women should have communicated better.
She also told me that she decided she's only going to do it when she feels like it and not when I want it.
