Original Response:
On one side, you have Conservatives accusing Facebook of suppressing information and supporting a liberal agenda. On the other side, you have Liberals accusing Facebook of suppressing information and supporting a conservative agenda. I think you guys are getting played.

Edit: added some words
If they weren't censoring at all we wouldnt be discussing it.  That's the rub.


Edit: dayum! Getting downvotes for ending censorship, wut???
I don't think it's true. If they weren't censoring at all, people would be blaming them for  spreading falsehoods.
Meanwhile they rob the country blind.
They are running a business and we aren't the customers. We're the product being sold.
I am extremely *not* envious of the position Facebook finds itself in as de facto arbiter of truth and distributor of news. No matter what happens a substantial faction, or multiple factions of people will be angry at them for allowing the "wrong" message to be disseminated.

I am very curious to see if/how they handle it in the coming months and years.
I'm more concerned by the apparent lack of respect most people have for the first amendment.
[deleted]
Want to elaborate a little bit?
Recall Voltaire.
The real threat is the progressives getting suppressed. 

Thank goodness the Atlantic council will make sure that won't happen! /s
Want to elaborate a little bit?
sure, although my mistake, it is often misattributed to Voltaire but is in fact a statement by Evelyn Beatrice Hall, 

"I don't agree with what you say but I will defend to the death your right to say it" or something like that. I imagine you recognize what I'm talking about now. 

If Facebook wants to be a platform for people to say things, it would be unethical (not to mention unconstitutional) for the government to tell them to take things down. 

I believe it is *unethical* for elected officials to say they think facebook should take things down. This implies a threat to force them legislatively if they don't comply. 

Now, if a private citizen wants to say facebook should censor some content that its users post, they have the right to do so and present their arguments as forcefully as possible in any venue possible. Not "do this or go to jail," but "do this because it is a morally superior exercise of your own right to free speech as a platform hosting the speech of others, where you retain the legal and technical right to curtail speech on your own platform".
We all knew prior in the leadup to the 2016 election that Facebook was providing each user with an echo chamber based on their stated preferences. 

But front page news here a couple days ago was about how Facebook has outsourced their fake news screening to a hyperpartisan conservative blogger. 

I agree that everyone's getting played by Facebook to some degree. That's kinda how they make their money. 

But I also think there's a conservative bias being implemented in how Facebook is screening fake news. Can't find the link for you a.t.m., but the gist of it is that most of their fake news-spotting is supervised by a company comprised of *one guy* who is a reliably conservative partisan.
There's only one member on Facebook censorshior group that is truly left/right and it's conservative.
/r/im14andthisisdeep
The FCC is long overdue in stepping in. They can have news articles or censorship, not both

Preferably not the latter
But then the news media would complain about not being allowed on the largest social media platform. Also, even if we stopped Facebook disseminating news we'd still have people sharing news stories.
Neither of those is true.
Interesting. Whether that's true or not, people shouldn't be relying on Facebook for news. It's a platform for sharing pictures, memes, and keeping in touch with friends/family, not a news outlet. People also need to start questioning everything they read. There's far too much sensationalized garbage floating around out there that isn't being properly vetted.
I was with you until the last bit. The answer to bad speech is more speech, not less.. Censorship is bad, whether from government or a private company.
Yup. The right answer is no censorship
We do live in a society...
**BOTTOM TEXT**
Good bot ❤️
gamers rise up!!!

Summary:
I don't think it's true.
I think you guys are getting played.
But I also think there's a conservative bias being implemented in how Facebook is screening fake news.
The right answer is no censorship.
Whether that's true or not, people shouldn't be relying on Facebook for news.
