Original Response:
I was raised Christian but basically became agnostic in my teens. I noticed that I kind of just automatically assume that Christianity is a man-made religion - I think my (not very well-defined) basis for thinking this is that you see sexist ideas and such in the Bible, or the idea that a bastard can't enter the Jewish temple, and these ideas seem to me to be things man cares about. Why would God care so much if you're born out of wedlock? It reminds me of the idea that Muslim men are supposed to have beards...I just don't understand why God would care so much about a guy having a beard. Seems more like some kind of tribalistic, primate thing, to be honest (no offense to Muslims, that's just my atheistic take on it).

So, what makes Christianity really different from other religions? How do we know it's really a divine revelation from a higher dimension and not just something thought up by guys down here? Thanks. I'm trying to challenge my almost automatic assumption that Christianity is just another man-made religion.
We start with the premise that we know nothing about God except what He chooses to reveal to us.

You seem to have an assumption about what God should be like or care about if He existed. And then when something does not match that assumption, it must be from man. But where does your assumption about God come from?

As God reveals himself in the Bible, He gives us the ritual and standards of conduct and purity that we should follow. For many things it comes down to recognizing by action (not just philosophically) that God is Holy and some places like the Temple are special and Holy and treated differently.

The ritual or clothing isn't really for God, it is for us. Because we tend to be so casual and forgettful, we need the religion aspect to stay focused. In the OT, every law comes with God asserting that He alone is the True God and so the Jews have special rituals unlike their neighbors to emphasize that God is not like their neighbors God.
God must not be very good at revealing himself then because the Bible makes him look like an evil tyrant. Condoning slavery is just one example.
I'm not here in support of any other ideas on this page. But if a prophet during a time of slavery announced there was to be no more slavery, would people listen to him?
If God knew slavery was immoral, would he not only allow it to continue but establish laws endorsing it knowing that millions upon millions of people would suffer for hundreds and hundreds of years in bondage? I mean God told Jewish men to cut off a part of their penis. If they were willing to go to those extremes, paying your workers sounds minor.
If he didn't allow it to continue it would infringe upon our free will. I'd say circumcision is less extreme than slavery.

I also think that God-inspired people in the Bible were probably influenced by the times and contexts that they lived in, and that nobody has necessarily heard the exact direct word of God.

I don't have an answer for the wider problem of evil.

I also see in the Bible a progression of humanity. In the holy land before the Jews there were people who practiced child sacrifice. The Jews came and destroyed them - violent but maybe necessary. Initially people were stoned for crimes such as being a prostitute or cursing the name of God, until Jesus came and said 'let he who is without sin cast the first stone'. God does not just come and wipe the slate clean (like he tried with the flood), he works in steps.
God is very good about revealing himself exactly as you wish to see.
Aside from being already addressed in 'why are you assuming God's morality must align with your moral compass', I think there is a further problem. Should BCE morality be judged under 21st Century standards? Can you even do it, when the frame of reference is so different?
&gt;If he didn't allow it to continue it would infringe upon our free will.

God could have at the very least spoke out against it, right?  That wouldn't violate our free will.

Are you open to the possibility that God actually supported slavery?
&gt;Should BCE morality be judged under 21st Century standards

Yes.  I don't think we can necessarily blame them, but it allows us to identify the problems with their understanding of morality and learn from them.
21st Century standards may be more advanced overall, but that doesn't make them more appropriate for the BCE situation either. For example, we see gender equality as a net positive and don't particularly care about physical strength - they did and they had their reasons to do so, which our very removed society has serious barriers in fully understanding. The lessons taken, similarly, do change to some extent as different needs and possibilities rise and fade.
If a prophet spoke out against slavery, whether he was God-inspired or not, people may have not listened to him, not written down what he said, or who knows, maybe even killed him. Jesus eventually did speak out against some of the harsher laws.

I'm probably not open to that possibility. My guess is you will have a hard time finding Christians who are.
Can you make such a case for slavery?
We only have evidence of God condoning slavery.  Why would we think anything otherwise?
[deleted]
Good question, I'll ponder on that one.
We're talking about the morality of God, not society.
&gt; If he didn't allow it to continue it would infringe upon our free will. I'd say circumcision is less extreme than slavery.

But commanding the Israelites to commit genocide isn't infringing upon free will? God infringes on human's free will all the time in the Bible. Why not do so when it will result in the freedom of millions upon millions of people?
God has been described to me many times as a [Trickster](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trickster). In my opinion, that's not a benevolent characteristic.
And, tell us, how exactly do you judge something you obviously don't know?
Well, I suppose it depends on what you think the trick was (and why it was pulled) that determines whether or not it is a benevolent characteristic...
Slavery in the Old Testament was more like short-term indentured servitude.  It wasn't supposed to last more than seven years, there were rules protecting them (treatment much like a hired worker), they had status as part of the household, and could own property.  Some people voluntarily chose slavery.  The law did much to protect people in those circumstances.  

God recognizes that we humans constantly enslave ourselves.  Whether to debt, or shame, or addiction, or lust, etc.  His purpose is ultimately to free us.  The OT law began that and Christ fulfilled it.
No.  The people killed had free will right up until their lives ended (as all lives must end).  Had they repented and sought God through that will they would have been spared.  See Rahab or Nineveh for example (or the thief on the cross for spiritual freedom).
&gt; But if a prophet during a time of slavery announced there was to be no more slavery, would people listen to him?

Why would it matter if people chose not to listen to him? The claims of prophets were ignored all the time, scripture is full of such things. It didn't stop the prophets from standing their ground.
&gt; we know nothing about God except what He chooses to reveal to us

&gt; God reveals himself in the Bible

But why should we simply take someone's word that God divinely revealed something to them? On what basis can their claims be believed? 

Remember that God's revelation in the Bible was not a worldwide phenomenon. It was entirely limited to a small corner of ancient Middle East during 2500BC - 33AD, and that too only to select few groups of people who lived in that region. The only way we know this today is because unknown authors (who were also from the same region) wrote down stories they were hearing. On what basis can any of it be believed? 

&gt; to emphasize that God is not like their neighbors God.

Why would the one true God care about differentiating himself from false god(s) who don't even exist?
Their lives (and thus their free will) was cut short. But there are plenty of other examples. Job is a great one. He was a good man and God took everything away from him to win a bet. What about the free will of Job's family who God murdered?
&gt; Slavery in the Old Testament was more like short-term indentured servitude. 

Not true.

&gt;It wasn't supposed to last more than seven years, there were rules protecting them (treatment much like a hired worker), they had status as part of the household, and could own property.

That only applied to male Israelite slaves. You could purchase foreign slaves from slave traders, owned them for life, could pass them down as an inheritance and could beat them as much as you wanted as long as they didn't die with a day or two.

&gt;Some people voluntarily chose slavery. 

And plenty were kidnapped by foreign slave traders and sold to the Israelites for profit. Or were taken to be used as sex slaves because their men were at war with the Israelites.
The trick is not openly and honestly revealing himself to people who are looking for him.
With the morality that you believe God gave me. Why would he give it to me if he didn't want me to use it?
How many people haven't heard of Jesus? He was pretty openly and honestly revealing of himself on the cross... And now you've found your way here to a forum about Christianity...

The best tricks are the ones right in front of you. You see what you want ;)
Do you believe your morality is infallible? That you can judge right from wrong perfectly? Don't you think that maybe your morality might be a bit flawed? But you somehow think your morality is fit to judge God? Hmm, interesting.
Are you arguing that the ends justify the means?
No. I'm arguing that you thinking you are right doesn't actually make you right.
The only evidence we have for supernatural claims made about Jesus is the Bible and it's a very flawed book. No one can agree on how to interpret anything written in it. If I could be reasonably certain it was true, I'd believe in it.
Yes but you are implying that God's condoning of slavery is somehow moral because it serves a greater purpose that I don't understand. That's the ends justifying the means.
&gt;The only evidence we have for supernatural claims

First of all, there is no such thing as "supernatural". There is only what is natural. The "super" modifier is only necessary for those that don't realize, or acknowledge, nature is greater than our limited knowledge of it.

&gt;made about Jesus is the Bible

Secondly, where else would you expect to find claims about Jesus, other than from his followers who he hand picked to pass on his message? Do you think the Jewish leaders would want to record his words condemning them? And what Roman or Greek would care to write about some foreigner that wasn't even preaching to them?

&gt;and it's a very flawed book.

That's a matter of perspective. If you carry your bias into it, you'll get your bias out of it. Surprise! Again, you see what you want.

&gt;No one can agree on how to interpret anything written in it.

There certainly is a lot of bickering, I'll give you that! But, *no one*? *Anything*? All Christians agree Jesus is the Lord. Those that deny it aren't Christian.

&gt;If I could be reasonably certain it was true, I'd believe in it.

How do you decide what is reasonably true without first knowing what is true? By judging off from what you already *believe* is true? But just because you believe something is true doesn't make it true, right? All of human knowledge boils down to faith, aka trust, in irreducible axioms that we accept as true... Is your faith superior to mine? Why do so many atheists fail to realize that the only way for objective truth to exist is if God exists?
Do you think slavery is more or less moral than capitalism? What about communism? What if *none* of these socioeconomic systems are immoral but rather it is the individuals within them that are immoral?

You are a slave owner (through proxy). This is an inescapable truth of our modern world economy. Most everything we buy is made off the backs of slaves. So, what kind of slave owner are you? Are you moral or immoral? Do your ends justify your means?
Isn't that confirming the idea that Christianity is more human selected.
Repent or die doesn't really seem like an offer of free will. 

It seems like a threat based on force.
Eh... Not really. 'Condoning slavery' muddles the issue, because God is not mandating it, just giving rules concerning it because it exists.

And sure, he could've vetoed it much like he vetoed the animal sacrifices - but that changes the field from morals to society making. The moral principles ended up being detrimental to its acceptance anyways.
Slavery was born in a period in which violence was the absolute norm - sure, those who first took slaves only did so out of greed and malice, but it still provided an alternative to regrouping and fighting to death again at a later date. To them, that loss of freedom which you despise was a net positive to any feasible alternative.

Similarly, some Romans sold themselves into slavery because it provided certain modicums of protection - they were not necessarily happy of doing it, but they certainly saw it as the only way to increase their lot.

Only when the language of society shifted to Faith, and then Reason, could it be removed. And even then, slavery is not dead - far from it. Our whole society is founded on nominally indentured, nominally free, servants making our things for insulting wages.
It is, obviously. Otherwise it wouldn't be a geographical phenomenon. If your born in the states your likely to be Christian. If your born in Turkey your likely to be a Muslim. Human selected.
[deleted]
This is a really big topic. My short answer to you would be that I don't consider a verse in the bible as evidence. It's a book of people making various claims about God. Some are drawn to this book and it changes their lives. I can give you a full answer but it would take up a page.
The definition of condone is to accept and allow (behavior that is considered morally wrong or offensive) to continue. I think the word fits perfectly.
Would you want God to overrule Man any time Man does anything wrong? Isn't that even more evil?
God cares about differentiating Himself because He doesn't want people to worship false gods that don't exist. Not the least of reasons if that it seperates us from Him, which is something that is ultimately destructive.

In your opinion, what is the criterion for a strong basis to believe a claim about God? What is your basis for that criterion?
He did it in the Bible so why not now?
He only did in very specific moments - and many times in the Gospels He clearly said we shouldn't expect much in the way of clear gestures.
You do realise that Christians using theology were actually the ones that started the abolishim (sp?) movement. They felt that the bible said actually slavery is not okay. If you read the passages about slavery it talks about only being a slave for 6 years, 7th year you go free, if you injure your slave you set them free. etc etc. Those Christians in the early 1700's (Both English and US) were realising that slavery that was being practiced in their time wasn't the same as what the bible said. And therefore were saying let's get rid of it completely because we can't match that, while we still allow slavery.
Death does not equate to a lack of free will.  If it did, there would be no free will.  People have free will to drink and drive, even though it leads to death.  People have free will to overdoes (accidentally or intentionally) even though it leads to death. People have free will to run into a burning building to save others, even though it leads to death.  

Job never lost his free will.  That, in fact, is the entire point of the story.  

&amp;#x200B;
&gt; In your opinion, what is the criterion for a strong basis to believe a claim about God?

If we're talking about a God who is timeless and not restricted by earthly geography, then a strong basis to believe in God would be constant divine revelations across all eras and to every society.

No truly infinite/eternal entity would ever rely on word-of-mouth accounts or ancient scripture (i.e. how all religions were made).
You mean personal revelations? God revealing Himself from square one to each person because no one wrote it down or talks about it?

Assume there was a constant, universal revelation; what form would it need to take for you to find it trustworthy?
How are you able to determine which verses you consider evidence and which ones you write off as “various claims about God”?

It sounds to me that the verses that aren’t so nice about God are also the ones that you also wouldn’t consider as evidence.
&gt; If you read the passages about slavery it talks about only being a slave for 6 years, 7th year you go free, if you injure your slave you set them free. etc etc. 

That only applied to male Jewish slaves. You could own foreign slaves for life, pass them down as an inheritance and beat them as much as you wanted as long as they didn't die within a day or two.

&gt;Those Christians in the early 1700's (Both English and US) were realising that slavery that was being practiced in their time wasn't the same as what the bible said. And therefore were saying let's get rid of it completely because we can't match that, while we still allow slavery.

And slave owners, who were also Christian, used the bible to defend their right to keep slaves. They could cite scripture that directly backed up their political stance. Abolitionists had to use other arguments since the bible never says slavery is wrong.
&gt; Job never lost his free will. That, in fact, is the entire point of the story.

I'm talking about the free will of his wife and children. You can't exercise your free will if you're dead.
It's a book, none of it is evidence. The gist of what you're saying is one of the wrestles of being a Christian but it's not part of my daily life. The problem of evil is one of the great mysteries of the faith.

From memory, all of the laws in Leviticus etc. are God laying down the laws *surrounding* slavery. I'm not sure if he ever actually sais 'and you shall make slaves of them'. He does directly command killing &amp; genocide, and the law that if a man rapes an unbothered woman they must marry, and a lot of shocking things.

I think all the prophets were God-inspired rather than hearing the direct word of God, otherwise people would probably still hear it today. That was until God came down in the flesh as Jesus.
&gt; You mean personal revelations? God revealing Himself from square one to each person because no one wrote it down or talks about it?

&gt; Assume there was a constant, universal revelation; what form would it need to take for you to find it trustworthy?

It wouldn't really matter what form it took. The end result would be that God (and specifically the Christian God) would simply be an established fact of reality, and Christianity would cease to be called a religion. It would simply be accepted as truth regardless of personal belief, as apparent as the earth being round. 

I'm even against the concept of revelations, because knowledge of revelations can be lost. If hypothetically all material knowledge of Christianity (Bibles and Churches) was destroyed, we would have absolutely no way of *re-discovering* what Christianity was or that Christianity even existed. Nobody would have the slightest clue that a Jewish man died for their sins in 33 AD in a small corner of the Middle East, or what Yahweh wanted them to do in order to reach an afterlife as described by Christianity. 

Such "revealed knowledge" is 100% reliant on humans passing it down through the ages and trying their best to maintain authenticity. The original manuscripts of scripture have already been lost forever, we are 100% reliant on handmade copies of copies of copies. This is testament to the fact that all religions are manmade products of their particular era/culture/region, and nothing more. We can clearly observe this trend across all religions.

What kind of eternal and infinitely powerful being would establish religions that were so overwhelmingly reliant on ancient scripture and tradition? It has all the hallmarks of being just as manmade as all folklore, myths &amp; legends.

Summary:
If it did, there would be no free will.
He did it in the Bible so why not now?
God infringes on human's free will all the time in the Bible.
We only have evidence of God condoning slavery.
&gt; If he didn't allow it to continue it would infringe upon our free will.
If he didn't allow it to continue it would infringe upon our free will.
You seem to have an assumption about what God should be like or care about if He existed.
Condoning slavery is just one example.
It's a book of people making various claims about God.
But where does your assumption about God come from?
You see what you want ;)
Why would he give it to me if he didn't want me to use it?
Why would we think anything otherwise?
If I could be reasonably certain it was true, I'd believe in it.
The people killed had free will right up until their lives ended (as all lives must end).
But you somehow think your morality is fit to judge God?
&gt;If he didn't allow it to continue it would infringe upon our free will.
&gt; You mean personal revelations?
We're talking about the morality of God, not society.
Why would it matter if people chose not to listen to him?
Why would God care so much if you're born out of wedlock?
&gt; In your opinion, what is the criterion for a strong basis to believe a claim about God?
The law did much to protect people in those circumstances.
So, what makes Christianity really different from other religions?
If your born in the states your likely to be Christian.
