Original Response:
I’m hoping someone out there can help me with any experience similar to this.

My girlfriend and I have been dating for 7 months, and for the first 4 months we had a very active sex life (at least 3 times a week depending on schedule). But since mid-May she became depressed and we haven’t had one single sexual interaction since. I repeat ZERO SEXUAL INTERACTIONS. I’ve been extremely understanding about how her depression killed her sex drive, but it’s been so long. Now she started taking Prozac, which we know kills libido even more. She has repeatedly promised me that it has nothing to do with me and she wishes she had the sex drive she had in the spring. 

I’m very supportive of her giving her the space she needs and not pressuring here into doing anything, but it’s getting hard for me lately. Her Prozac is really helping her have good days again, so there’s no way I want her feel bad for taking meds.

Sex for me is a very emotional thing, however for her it’s purely an instinctual thing. When she wasn’t depressed she was always ready for any sexual intimacy. BUT, sex was never an important part of the relationship to her it was justsomething that was fun. Now that she’s in this state of mind, she has no drive nor does she feel that it’s something she’s missing out on and turns me down (very understandingly) each time I suggest we try. She understands that it’s effecting me, but it’s hard for me to hold back the passion I feel for her. 
We talked recently about sitting down one night and trying sexual things in the hopes that something in her body will be turned on, and she’s agreed to try. 

Thoughts?
It sounds very suspicious that you didnt have sex for three months. Like I know depression is fucking tough. But she didnt even try single time to help you, blowjob, handjob, anything? This seems really selfish to me.
That resentment is something I’ve tried to subdue, and what you’re saying is exactly what’s plays through my head daily. 
Maybe this situation is not fulfilling me sexually, but it’s all about mutual interest for me. Sex is emotional and if she’s not into it, I feel like I’m using her (and she would agree). 
Also, the selfish thing can unfortunately go both ways. It might be selfish of her not to do anything for me, but it’s also selfish of me to ask her to do things she’s not comfortable with. The big factor here is that, while we both have lost a sex life, it’s something that I have to suppress and something she has to put a ton of effort into. Sucks on both sides
When I was in the worst point of my depression I could barely do the things required to keep me alive.  We really have no idea how bad her illness is so why assume she is being selfish or not trying.
Lot of things requires ton of effort in relationship, that is no excuse. She didnt even tried once. You on the other hand tried to be patient for some months. Everybody has their problems and disagreements in relationship but if you truly love your SO you try to actively to over come it, not play dead fish and do nothing. She didnt even give you hand job which doesnt need her to be arroused. She doesnt care about fullfilling your needs.
OP literally wrote she has good days again but she didnt even tried. So we kinda have an idea. Low sex drive doesnt mean you cant satisfy your partner.
People who are barely functioning can have good days fragile enough that making them do something they don't want to can completely end the goodness. People can have good days and still have executive disfunction. Reminding someone about how rheyve been failing on one of their rare good days instead of just encouraging them can completely push back recovery. I didn't say low sex drive means you can't satisfy your partner I said you don't know nearly enough about her condition to call her selfish.
We dont know nearly enough about anything posted on this subredit yet people come here for advice. My answer was based on what OP wrote, nothing else. And from that it seems selfish. She has good days but didnt even tried once? Depression is not some universal excuse for behaving badly. I doubt she was just lying in her bed for three months unable to do anything and you definitely cant presume that from OP post.
I didn't presume that or say it was a universal excuse, I said it's ridiculous to presume it's suspicious or she is just being lazy. If it was a physical illness I imagine you would have asked for more information rather than just jumped to those conclusions.
For people with depression a good day might mean that you take a shower or get out of bed. That might be all the trying she can do for the day, any more and the 'good day' is suddenly not good at all and it's back to bed. Depression is debilitating, if you've never had it, don't comment on OPs GF being selfish. YOU. DON'T. KNOW.
Lol you really want to teach me what is having depression like?

Summary:
She has good days but didnt even tried once?
She didnt even tried once.
OP literally wrote she has good days again but she didnt even tried.
Like I know depression is fucking tough.
Sex is emotional and if she’s not into it, I feel like I’m using her (and she would agree).
