Original Response:
I know Singaporeans love saying complaining is a national pastime, but I disagree with the notion that it's a defining trait of Singaporeans. It's more a defining trait of anyone with a phone.

I've talked to a lot of people (as recently as a few days ago) whose impression of Singaporeans is about how they complain too much (on the internet), and I usually counter it with "how is that any different from whiny comments on popular news articles in your country?" As a foreigner myself, I find the social media comments from my home country (India) in news posts way worse than what I see here in Singapore. The sheer amount of pettiness, whininess, stupidity and negativity is staggering. And in multiple languages too.

That said, what with the comments from Nas Daily, and how Singaporeans are getting a lot of flak for being whiny in the comments, is the "whiny Singaporean" perception really accurate? Local Singaporeans who haven't lived outside (traveling doesn't really count, imho) would definitely say it's true, but as with any local population with limited exposure to bread-and-butter issues of other countries, it's easy to assume any common behaviour as uniquely Singaporean.

Singaporeans who live overseas though, what do you think?

Edit: sorry, my wording is a little confusing. My question essentially is: **Do Singaporeans whine about domestic issues in Singapore (cost of living, transport breakdowns etc) more than say the British do about similar things in the UK, or the Germans do in Germany, or Venezuelans in Venezuela?**
Can confirm, went for a stint in London. Met some sg, Malaysians and Filipinos people there. More often that not, sg really look down on sg while saying how much better London is in comparison. While the Malaysians are proud of what Malaysia has become but acknowledge that it has some issues and are optimistic towards it future growth. The filipinos of the other hand are glad to have their leader "fixing" their country whatever that means. All in all sgs are more toxic and hateful towards their own country compared to the Malaysians and the Filipinos who were quite chill.
Oh, I my question was more like this: do Singaporeans in Singapore complain more than, say, the British in the UK?
Online is one thing, but face to face, yea sgs are the worst compared to the British. Like I said, the Malaysians and the Filipinos who were quite chill.
Forgive me if I'm inferring this incorrectly, but are you saying that the British complain about bread-and-butter (cost of living, transport issues etc) issues in the UK less than Singaporeans complain about the same  things in Singapore?

I feel what you're describing about Singaporeans overseas is that of the self-loathing foreigner: a first-gen migrant, or a foreigner in a country with greater aspirational value tends to disown their origins and culture in an attempt to belong, to integrate. Every foreigner goes through this phase, it's very common, and I think it's a different issue entirely.

Source: Was a self-loathing foreigner myself, and been working hard to overcome that.
What im saying face to face they dont complain as much. maybe in private or online. Compared to the sg. The sg im referring to arent foreigners, they are just there for studies riding on daddy's money. Most of the Malaysians and Filipinos are there using hard earned money they themselves earned.
Hmm okay, I understand. But I wonder if a moneyed subset ought to be used to describe the average Singaporean...
moneyed subset? sg were quite young in comparison since they need not spend time to earn money for their studies
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt; The sg im referring to arent foreigners, they are just there for studies riding on daddy's money. Most of the Malaysians and Filipinos are there using hard earned money they themselves earned.


&gt; sg were quite young in comparison since they need not spend time to earn money for their studies


Young Singaporeans riding on parents' money vs mature Malaysians/Filipinos there on hard-earned money? Seems a weird basis for comparison.
Why not compare Singaporeans working there to Malaysians and Filipinos working there?

Because it's not as if the majority of Malaysian of Filipino \*students\* in the UK are any less likely to be from upper middle class families than the Singaporeans are.
The toxicity is real, I've experienced plenty of that myself. They tend to be the less seasoned travellers though, or people new to the country.

Summary:
Met some sg, Malaysians and Filipinos people there.
Like I said, the Malaysians and the Filipinos who were quite chill.
Oh, I my question was more like this: do Singaporeans in Singapore complain more than, say, the British in the UK?
The sg im referring to arent foreigners, they are just there for studies riding on daddy's money.
