Original Response:
My wife is just laughing about this bitcoin thing.

Worrisome fact is that she has a bachelor in economics.
Not really worrisome.  To a person educated in traditional economics, it sounds like a scam at first.  I think she'll find it less laughable if she researches it more. Source: I have Masters in quant finance
Yes but she also came from a country with a terrible government, a weak currency and high inflation rates. Aah and i think its even hard to transfer money in and out her country.

Still she didn't really gets the use case :(

I'm thinking about letting her read "The bitcoin standard".
That's very kind of you to let her read something.
So your wife is Venezuelan?
&gt; Worrisome fact is that she has a bachelor in economics.

Worrying for Bitcoin or for her?
friends and family laugh the first year. Then after a bubble or two they are pretty dumbfounded and say shit like "I should've listened". Education  or intelligence has nothing to do with overcoming bias to understand a new thing, only curiosity can help there.
At least i got her to read non fiction. So now it is 1/1. At least a start :)

But we promote each other which NF book to read, so that's why i think this one should be one of them.
Yea luckily there is only one country in the world financially ruined..
Bit of both i suppose.
Because she at least should understand a bit of it, and if she wouldn't how the average person ever would?
True, i think there is also just something about bitcoin. Don't know really what but something.

I try to explain. First i got known to bitcoin it was pretty new. At the time i understood that banking was bad, i liked the tech. I even played around with it. Calculated about mining etc. But i decided somehow to not really do anything with it.
Then there was a big parabolic rise, i got (because of the price) again interested and started to read even more. But i still didn't get in (i bought like 20usd to try)! Only in the beginning of last year it started to read once again and became really hooked to it.
So it took pretty long and was pretty surprised about December last year, but to be honest i really think 2018 is just the beginning.
You could have said that about email 25 years ago.
True, but in email there were basically only advantages.

With money the central banks already got digital money. They an also implement some kind of "blockchain". The majority of people is okay with a "little" inflation, they are so brain washed they think it is needed. Often i read here how banks always need to exist because who else is going to give mortgages to them, they only know the debt system.

Post offices went away without a fight, don't expect fiat currencies, banks or central banks to go out of business without a big nasty fight.
Yes, but email has been pretty much supplanted by messaging services.

Not every country will need Bitcoin but those that have restrictions on sending or storing money will.

The physical music industry put up a fight but the pirates and then Spotify, iTunes etc won.
An economics degree is essentially propaganda for the status quo.

Throughout the four years it was never suggested that there could be negatives to Keynesian fiscal policy or low rate monetary targeting. The goal was the understand them and nothing more.

At best they'll teach you why previous policies were worse.
Basically the whole government (which in our countries is like 95%+) schooling system is like propaganda.

As we are from different countries we sometimes have a talk about history, like ww2 for example. Funny how you can learn history with such a different viewpoint. It hurt me to say that i realize such thing only a couple of years after school..
Are we still of the belief that Bitcoin is a good investment? Serious question. Seems to have been losing value for over a year.
Errrrrr nope! Nine month. Not too bad for a length of a bear market. I’m buying. So should you.
What indications are there that it will turn around again?
The history of bitcoin with multiple cycles of boom and bust since its inception. You can’t kill it, it only comes back stronger. 

The upcoming bull run will MELT PEOPLES FACES OFF. 

There will still be people buying the top before it shrinks back again and people will proclaim bitcoin dead. You’re looking at the global reserve currency in the next 10 years. Especially with the pending atomic bomb sized global financial crisis to make 2008 look like a balloon popping in comparison.
Just another foothill. If you cherrypick January as your starting point all you see is down. That's a form of selection bias. Consider the whole timeline if you want to think about price. Bitcoin regularly goes through media hype cycles every couple of years, booms and then consolidates in price, then slowly paces onward. I've personally seen 3 of these cycles since 2011. Part of what fuels them is the halving of mining payouts every ~4 years which tightens supply. Demand then overreacts with hype. 

When you look at other metrics beyond price, like network growth, lightning network growth, media attitudes, global regulatory adoption, it's consistently advancing. Bitcoin isn't some company you "invest" in that potentially goes belly up or potentially does well. It's a technology following the same adoption curve as radio, television, or the internet.
Was it a better investment 1 year ago? Have anything changed? If we rise to $30k, is it better to buy then?
If a global depression hits, Bitcoin is going to drop 95% in price. Speculative investments don't bode well in times of crisis.

And even in the off chance that crypto becomes the adopted global currency that we're all hoping for, why would it be immune to a global depression? It wouldn't.
[Don't buy bitcoin, it's only going to crash again](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbZ8zDpX2Mg).

^((note that that video is from 2015...))
Eh,the long standing decline of the currency hasn't turned around in quite awhile.
So, you're pretty new to bitcoin then, eh?

This is *far* from the longest bear market we've seen and certainly won't be the last.
Bought mine back in 2011, but anyone who goes against the narrative must be a newb, right?
Not at all, but your comment was implying that this particular downturn is somehow special, different, or longer than normal, when it quite simply isn't.
It's going down, down, down. Maybe it will spike back up to 20K again, but maybe it won't.  What indicators (other than anecdotal subreddit hype) are there that bitcoin will actually turn around again, and isn't just heading towards irrelevance?
&gt;It's going down, down, down.

Sure, and - as said - this isn't the first time, nor is it even the longest period of time that it's done so.  This is nothing new or special.

&gt;What indicators (other than anecdotal subreddit hype) are there that bitcoin will actually turn around again

1. Mining hash rate increasing over time.
2. Number of transactions increasing over time (although batching makes this harder to measure).
3. Increasing regulatory oversight/interest.
4. Increasing ease of use.

Not that any of these actually matter though because I don't really give a damn what the exchange rate is.  What I care about is whether or not I have an uncensorable legitimate form of money that I can use.

Summary:
It's going down, down, down.
True, i think there is also just something about bitcoin.
First i got known to bitcoin it was pretty new.
Don't know really what but something.
What indications are there that it will turn around again?
Worrying for Bitcoin or for her?
I even played around with it.
[Don't buy bitcoin, it's only going to crash again](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbZ8zDpX2Mg).
So, you're pretty new to bitcoin then, eh?
Mining hash rate increasing over time.
