Original Response:
Need Suarez on there now as well
4-0 in the UFC, and absolutely dominated last weekend. For sure.
Let's see her beat a quality opponent not tailor made for her to beat before we anoint her a killer. Esparza is literally her only top 10 win, and it was the absolute perfect matchup for her.
How was it a perfect match? Esparzas STRONGEST skill is her wrestling. Tatiana blew her out of the water at her own game.
Won't he just get cut when he bites someones ear?
IMO the only two people that stand a chance of not getting blanketed by Suarez in that division are Joanna and Andrade. She'll do what she did to Esparza to everyone else.
Tatiana's size advantage and wrestling skills.
Clearly you don't know much about fighting if you can't see how it was a perfect match. It's blatantly obvious.
Yeah being able to easily outwrestle carla was the most impressive thing she can do. Im gonna go watch her other fights to see how much she likes getting hit, but between her skill and length shes so fucking dangerous
She has a *massive* frame for a strawweight.  So many of the ranked strawweights have that short compact build with the cannonball delts, Suarez is just flat planes of muscle and wide, wide shoulder structure like an Olympic swimmer.
Elaborate.
Bigger wrestler vs smaller wrestler. Esparza's only real strong skill is her wrestling. Suarez is a bigger, stronger wrestler. The bigger, stronger wrestler is usually going to win. Esparza isn't going to win a fight that she can't outwrestle her opponent.  Pretty basic stuff.
Esparza was definitely not a perfect matchup for Suarez. Her strongest skill is her wrestling and suarez completely outclassed her.
It's a great match for her for sure. But that's because her wrestling is fucking bonkers. So it's about her skills more than it is the matchup.
Tatiana weighed in at the same weight as Esparza. Tatianas big, and her frame is very long, but everyone has physical attributes, and this game aint fair, so it will always be lame as fuck to blame someones loss on something they had no control over.
Her length will carry her to the top. She is like the Jon Jones of womens strawweight.
Like i said i need to go watch her other fights, bur thats probably in my top 3 divisions thanks to joanna, and between her getting upset and a young violent wrestler smashing her way upward, im super excited
Me too man! I have always loved the womens divisions, but I won't argue that they have always been riveting to follow. We had the Joanna era. That was cool. But when she got beat it was like... ok now what? But now there are so many exciting matchups to look forward to. I want to see anyone against anyone at this point and I love it!
Hey dont count my girl joanna out yet 😉 im personally hoping she moves up but she can beat everyone at 115 not named rose namajunes
I don't know man... name another champion who lost their belt, and the rematch, and then went on to reclaim the belt. It does something to fighters.
I think a run at 125 is far more likely, but historically its so fucking hard to stay at the top of this game for sure. Who can time up being very skilled with good weight cuts and limited injuries the longest
JJ at 125 is fun as fuck. Who knows what she could do there, but without having to cut the extra 10 pounds she could go full gorilla mode on some chicks.
I don't think you know how matchups work.
The whole point was to test Suarez's wrestling, yes.
She is a wrestler, that's her strength. She wasn't facing someone who had an advantage over her in an area that could exploit her. There's nothing learned about her in this fight that couldn't be logically concluded before the fight happened. 

Bigger, stronger wrestler almost always beats the smaller wrestler. Esparza is not threatening standing up or off of her back, so there was no test.
&gt;She is a wrestler, that's her strength.

Yes. And we wanted to test her wrestling against a high level wrestler.

This ain't rocket surgery.
Ok, but that's why it was a perfect matchup for her. That's literally all it was was a test of her wrestling against a smaller wrestler with no other threats against the points of her game that are actual weaknesses. The fact that anyone is arguing this is absurd.
Esparza's biggest strength was her wrestling ability, Suarez's biggest strength was her wrestling ability. Going into the match, the question was if suarez could outwrestle Esparza, she did that and completely dominated. The perfect matchup for suarez would have been a striker with no defensive wrestling or BJJ, the toughest matchup for suarez would be a perfect anti-wrestler like JJ.

I swear to god, I always see people like you who, after a fight, claim that it was the perfect matchup for the fighter without knowing what that phrase actually means.

Summary:
Esparza's biggest strength was her wrestling ability, Suarez's biggest strength was her wrestling ability.
Esparzas STRONGEST skill is her wrestling.
Suarez is a bigger, stronger wrestler.
She is a wrestler, that's her strength.
Esparza was definitely not a perfect matchup for Suarez.
Ok, but that's why it was a perfect matchup for her.
