Original Response:
I think there's more reasons why piracy and plagiarism exist.
This is just a solid reason not to feel bad about it.
Sure, but this is a damn good reason to never buy anything and to not feel bad about it.
Yeah like... It's easier and free.
There are always going to be people who pirate because they can, or who pirate because they refuse to pay for anything - nothing is going to make them go away. 

The group that digital merchants really should care about are the folks who *would* pay for things so long as it's easy and convenient to do so. When the impedance layer between usability and cost gets high enough that they're back on Pirate Bay, then the merchants are fucking things up.
Kinda like the balance to companies who charge a lot because they can, they don't have to.  Or it's their moral obligation to make as much money for their stockholders as they can.

People have a moral obligation to save as much as they can.
Not really. You can still buy it and pirate it. This is just a "solid" reason to justify not paying.
Moral obligation to steal. Great morals.
It’s just the flip side of capitalism. 

My savings = income I can use elsewhere. 

Just like any company’s logic for paying shit to their employees.
Where “elsewhere” = myself

So exactly like any company
Isn’t this kinda like theft? And by “kinda like”, I mean absolutely?
Yes. This is one of the biggest arguments against commercial software that uses digital rights management too. Even if you buy it, you only have access to it for as long as the company seems fit.

For example if you buy a new apple iphone or samsung galaxy, your carrier can force over the air system updates that reduce functionality and there is nothing you can do to stop it. Nevermind that it's your device and you paid for it. 

DRM is literally the theft of your rights to do what you want with the things that you own. It's in everything, preventing your genetic lightning cable from charging your iPhone, stopping you from refilling your printer cartridges and allowing media publishers to remove your access rights to things you purchased whenever they feel like it.
Of course not, because what you buy online isn't the movie, it's a license to access the file. And I'm willing to bet that iTunes has a standard clause that allows them to change any terms of the service agreement, especially the duration.

So basically, we're all screwed.
Ethically? Yes. Legally? No. That's how software licenses and DRM work, you only have the right to use the content you paid for, until you no longer had that right, whenever the owners decide that to be.
Another good example of this being taken too far is [farmers having to hack their own John Deere products to repair them](https://youtu.be/F8JCh0owT4w)  

Same thing goes for modern cars.
EULAs should be fought against tooth and nail. You can't agree to it before you spend money on the product, which is anti-consumer.
Richard "Toenail Eater" Stallman was right.

*He was right about everything.*
Intellectual property is a strange item. Our laws have yet to catch up with it.
This is an argument against software licenses being enforceable. If consumer rights can be negated by the acts necessary to purchase a thing, then in what sense are those rights protected?
&gt; Of course not, because what you buy online isn't the movie, it's a license to access the file.

Not that simple.  "License agreements" that last forever and don't provide anything other than a nominal right to have a copy of something have been held by a number of different courts to not be license agreements, but sales.
This makes me wonder what was to happen if valve just decided to shut down Steam one day. All that money spent on games...
I _love_ that the guy in the first shot of this video is wearing an Under Armor t-shirt.
Im curious about this air system updates from carriers. Is this done through updates of the iPhone or can they just remotely do it?
I just read so many reasons to pirate software and music/movies that it seems like a moral imperative to get as much for free as one can. 

Similar to big pharm argument that they have to raise prices because they morally and ethically are beholden to their shareholders to make as much profit as possible.

I seem to be beholden to my household to save as much capital. It is therefore the moral choice to pirate when companies do not let you “own” items paid for properly.
Intellectual property is a social experiment by the founders to see if innovation could be "encouraged" by applying artificial scarcity tactics to market dynamics.
Is there some implication about wearing Under Armor I don't know?
You might say they...


...pirated it from you.
When you buy anything digital you're not buying the music, movie, or software you're buying a license to use the music, movie, or software. Every license comes with a clause that it can be revoked at anytime for any reason. It's not theft, they did nothing illegal consumers just put up with this shit out of convenience.
It's theft when a consumer pirates a movie, but business when a company like Apple do it. It's a friendly reminder to look for a VPN along with the news of incoming Netflix ads.
No, it isn't. To be clear I don't agree with what apple is doing, but what people need to understand is your aren't buying the song or movie or video game, you are buying a license to use it and that's it. There are nor property rights here. As a licensee, you are bound to whatever the terms of the license are, you know the EULAs that no one ever reads. It's bullshit, I agree. But people need stop pretending a class action lawsuit for property theft is ever going to happen. Legislation forcing particular terms equivalent to property rights are the only way this ever going to change.
Incredibly over-sold polyester crap?
Just like in business if you steal any information that's plagiarism!
This is why GOG.com exists
Intellectual property I think
What consumer rights do you believe you have when you've explicitly agreed to a license purchase? Hint: the answer is you have only the rights and entitlements you agreed to. Stealing shit because you don't like the businesses model is not your right.
Yep. I am terrified that as soon as Gabe Newell passes the torch at Valve that the new president is going to start killing off games in people's inventories.
Again: in what sense are they *rights* if the seller can just say "nuh-uh?"

Who stole what here? The guy who paid full price for movies he doesn't have anymore?

Did you read a word anyone's written?
iPhones get updates from Apple directly.  I know in the past, Android phones receive updates fro manufacturers with additional carrier crap locked in.
Their stated solution has always been a claim that they can throw a switch to disable all steam authentication.  How true that is... I don’t know.
He definitely wasn't wrong, but his approach to advocacy was too purist to be effective.
It sort of worked when we had sane copyright laws and patenting business processes was impossible. Now an engineer can write an algorithm and patent it and nobody can use that idea, even if it is trivially easy to duplicate. Software patents destroy innovation and reduce interoperability.
iPhones do get carrier setting updates directly from the carrier. iOS updates are from apple though so in this way apple really owns your device.

Android is different. Carriers all highly customize the android interface and your updates come from the carriers. I dont know about all of them but on my new samsung galaxy s8, even with the developer options enabled and system updates disabled I will periodically still see an OTA update installed.

It's too bad really because the spyware they install on the phones waste battery life and storage space. It's your device and you should have total control of it.
I don't think it ever really worked, I have never heard of a study that showed the blocking of the use of information results in an increase in innovation. It's just that until recently, the blocking effects weren't significant enough to severely retard natural innovation.

What it _did_ do, however, is create industries structured around the concept of controlling the flow of culture and inventions, right down to the creation of special-interest lobbies to prevent any loosening of the law back towards normal market-like conditions. I don't think this has been good for our society in the long run.
My point is simple and you're dodging it. These are known terms. They're not hidden or opaque. If you don't like them (and there's certainly nothing wrong with you taking that position), then don't buy them. It's an informed decision. Dirt fucking simple.

But this magic leap from I don't like this to I'm just gonna steal shit, makes no damn sense and is unjustifiable horseshit.
Just because someone puts something in a contract doesn't make it binding or legal.
Actually, it does. Licensing agreements are absolutely defensible and binding, and you agree to them regularly. If you doubt that, go ahead and file suit and see how that goes.

Also, on the subject of what is/is not legal, piracy is not legal. So you can stop trying to justify it.
You can't sell yourself or anyone else into slavery in the US.  Doesn't matter what the contract says, it would be unenforceable. Extreme example, but it helps make my point.
Poor argument and example that's in no way relevant or applicable. EULAs are enforceable. Sorry.
Ultimately it'll be up to the courts to decide, but I can't see half the crap thrown in holding up if it were in an actual contract.
Slaps 8TB External "This thing can fit so many pirated movies in it!!!"
Faps 8TB External "This one fits... movies too!"
check /r/datahoarder for instructions on how to shuck it and make it a NAS running Plex (and redundancy)
*Faps
Yass!
Exactly; *every measure* of computing capacity and throughput is calibrated in "movies" and "songs".
&lt;3 Plex. More than anything it's made Rifftrax truly awesome.
8TB? Rookie.
Slaps 8TB External *drive starts making clicking noises*


"Damn it!"
Dont Jinx me!!!....Knocks on wood.
Hey, free TBs ain't growing on trees!!!
Oh I'm all about some Plex already  ;)
With all the crap going on in real life here in the U.S. I've been watching the hell out of MST3k and Rifftrax on Netflix and Amazon....How has Plex made it more awesome?
I too like to masturbate to the thought of my entertainment system
I heard you can download RAM now, surely it won't be long till we can do the same for more HD space!
Plex organises all of your files and makes a netflix style user interface. It's much nicer than just browsing a nas folder :)
Two 4 TB internal hard drives, one for movies, one for tv, and 2 more external ones with exact copies of every file on my main drives for redundancy, in case one of my drives fails.
We have a 4Tb hard drive with over 600 DVD movies plus several TV series. It took over a month to compress all of them, then we sold our DVD collection.

The quicker companies understand some of us don't want to go to the movies to put up with anti-social behaviour and poor manners, and we also don't want to put up with anti-piracy ads for stuff we paid for.

Now, we can watch anything anywhere in the house, on the phone, or laptop in bed, simply by raising a finger.
&gt;Faps 8TB External "This one fits... movies too!"

\*grabs some popcorn while watching on movies\*
How is it not just as easy for Apple's terms and conditions with the vendors to say "If someone is flagged as owning your title and you decide to no longer offer it on the storefront, they still get to keep it...we just won't sell any more"?
Which is why I do not buy an electronic digital copy online.  The hard copy gives my all the rights I need with no fine print and no do-overs.
They do that with music.  I don't know why movies is so different.  U2 released a massive collection of everything they did a while back (unreleased, promo mixes, etc), when iTunes was still 128kbps.  It was limited (can't remember if it coincided with the U2 iPod), but when they upgraded their quality to 256kbps they still allowed upgrades on the collection if you bought it previously, even though it had been pulled commercially.

Why movie collections are somehow different is so strange, especially with the power Apple has over studios.  Just force some type of agreement that anything sold can forever be distributed/streamed to people who purchase.
Enjoy your unskippable ads XD
i remember i burnt a copy of Clone high off the original because it had unskippable ads at the beginning and the burnt one let me skip the ads.
Plus you can sell/give away the hard copy if you so choose.
Never seen a bluray disk with unskippable ads, though cheaper ones (Walmart) tend to have ads you have to individually skip instead of being able to skip them all in one step.

It’s not a big deal.  You skip forward four times and you’re in.

In exchange, you have total permanent hi def access to a movie or series, plus special features.
Because another vendor will allow this. The studios response would just be good luck having a store with no content.
I think that's the model Steam uses. There are some games in my library that can't be purchased anymore.

But I can still download them.
Enjoy losing your "movie collection" at the whim of you overlords!
Ah yes, but can you give them to someone else? Can the inherit them? In the end people are buying licenses, not the actual product and depending on the terms of the license the licensor can pretty much do whatever they want. 

I mention inheritance because a similar thing came up w/ Apple Music. Bruce Willis, yes that one, had amassed a collection of songs worth a $1 million purchase price. He wanted to give the collection to his kids when he died and well, yeah, he couldn't because he didn't own shit. Not sure what the result of that was.
Pretty sure Apple has enough bargaining power.
This is why I never switched from physical comics to comixology. I do digital on Hoopla through my library or I torrent if I can't find it there. Then I have regular issues I read monthly and buy from a shop, and then I buy collected editions of what I like that I've read on Hoopla or torrents that I want to own myself. As of now, I will never pay for digital because I'm afraid that even though I paid for it, comixology can still take it away. This has always been my concern since these services started existing.
You raise a very valid point.

In my case I sometimes let my nephew use my account.

I hope when I die he will keep using my account, not a new one, to access all this licensed content.

I wonder what the policy is on just passing the account as inheritance.
I use to pirate music extensively - I have over 100 GB of mp3's. But I haven't downloaded a song illegally in years now....because of Spotify. One central place that makes listening to music easily, downloadable for offline listening, ANY device, and is an extensive library.

There is no such service for movies. Some are decent. Some have limitations. Some have terrible selections. And from the looks of it...it won't be happening any time soon as everybody wants their own streaming service.
Netflix, you can download for offline consumption.  It's not exactly the same at Spotify (I have both), but it's similar and I've used both, more Spotify, but when I was flying, Netflix downloads were pretty easy to use too.
But netflix doesn't have everything. Spotify does have everything. I can get any movie or serie I'd watch on netflix for free before it's even release there. On Spotify when the album is released I just listen to it and here are no limitations everything is available.
&gt; But I haven't downloaded a song illegally in years now....because of Spotify.

My wife is something of a luddite and never really "got" Spotify... until I bought her an Amazon spot and set up Alexa with Spotify last week. Now she can't live without it.
Well, it doesn't have EVERYTHING (Tool is the easiest example, several albums by some of my favorite artists have been removed too).  I do see your point but I did want to point out that Netflix has something similar.  Will it be better?  Doubtful because the competition is super heavy against Netflix and not so much against Spotify.
Yes but the problem with movies is when companies like netflix start doing their own. Then HBO do their own. AMC do their own. And then other companies start buying exclusivity on anime. You end up having to pay huge amounts of money if you want EVERYTHING. Spotify may lack some artists (never happened to me though), but at least it's not because they're owned by someone else who won't allow you to stream it. (I do have a free Spotify account and still pirate music though).
Why isnt tool on most music services?
They want their music to be listened to fully.  They want you to listen to the album as a whole versus a select few songs here and there, (which is quite the opposite of what corporate radio does....hum.....).
I pay for Spotify and do not pirate (any more, I used to when I couldn't afford to pay for albums every week.).  I pay for Netflix.  I get it.  I really do.  I totally understand why people pirate and I hope they use the opportunity with that saved money to spend it directly toward the music (go to concerts and buy a shirt), the shows (buy some more certified merch), or the computer programs/games (give directly to the company, especially indie games).  Find the good reason to pirate.  Take out the middle man.
With things like Netflix, a lot people get fucked over by region locking. Heck, Hulu isnt even available where I live.

Music doesnt seem to have the same issue.
Because movies are more expensive.
You can still do the DVD in the mail option where netflix basically has everything youd want
But which option is easier and faster?

Summary:
I don't know why movies is so different.
But I can still download them.
You can still buy it and pirate it.
(I do have a free Spotify account and still pirate music though).
It's theft when a consumer pirates a movie, but business when a company like Apple do it.
When you buy anything digital you're not buying the music, movie, or software you're buying a license to use the music, movie, or software.
There is no such service for movies.
But netflix doesn't have everything.
There are nor property rights here.
*He was right about everything.
I do see your point but I did want to point out that Netflix has something similar.
Yes but the problem with movies is when companies like netflix start doing their own.
Faps 8TB External "This one fits... movies too!"
I think that's the model Steam uses.
Stealing shit because you don't like the businesses model is not your right.
iPhones get updates from Apple directly.
I can get any movie or serie I'd watch on netflix for free before it's even release there.
Even if you buy it, you only have access to it for as long as the company seems fit.
Slaps 8TB External "This thing can fit so many pirated movies in it!!!"
&gt;Faps 8TB External "This one fits... movies too!"
This is an argument against software licenses being enforceable.
People have a moral obligation to save as much as they can.
I just read so many reasons to pirate software and music/movies that it seems like a moral imperative to get as much for free as one can.
