Original Response:
I bought a 2016 fz07 with 3300 miles a couple weeks ago. It's now due for the 4000 mile maintenance. I have a tough time justifying the $350-$400 price tag to get this done when it's not much more than an oil change and tightening the bolts. However, it would be nice to have a pro mechanic go over things I may have missed when I bought it. Thoughts?
Depends on how long you intend to keep the bike. Another way to save cash is using a generic motorcycle shop, not an official Yamaha dealership/maintenance shop.
This one is for the long haul. There are tons of dealers around where I live and they're the only place I'm aware of that can service bikes. What makes a shop a generic one so that I can hunt one down?
One that doesn't sell just a single type of bike and won't have a motorcycle brand in the name of the shop and isn't plastered with branding for a certain brand. You could also go to different dealers and ask for offers on how much the maintenance would cost.
Search on google or yelp for “motorcycle repair” or just “motorcycle” and sift through em manually. 

Shops usually lean towards groups of brands like Japanese bikes, American/cruisers, or European. Some do it all. 

If it’s just an oil change you’re due for (which at 4K miles that should be about it) then it shouldn’t run you more than 50 bucks and a half hour. Call ahead so the shop can have the specific filters for your ride ready.
Solid, we have more of those than anything. They're actually the ones who have been quoting me around $400 but I'll definitely be shopping for prices now.
A good shop of this kind will know the kind of work that is expected at that interval and will perform it properly and professionally, especially if it's a common bike.
Head to KFG in Auburn. When I did track days up there, Barry did good work for me. I heard South Sound Motorcycles is good for this kind of service, too, if you want something closer to JBLM
How in the world did you know I lived around Seattle?😂
Post history. You said you're in WA and are associated with the army. Just trying to help. I grew up in Bremerton and went to UW.
Oh solid, I go to UW too. Much appreciated man.
If its still under warranty, will getting it serviced by a non authorized dealer void it?
By law, it would not void it. But to cover yourself in a warranty situation, you may need to prove the service took place at the appropriate time. This is one of the reasons why you want organized maintenance records.
What if you did the service yourself? Other than receipt of purchased supplies, there isn't any proof you did it or did it correctly or is it not necessary?
My understanding is that this isn’t a good idea if you want to take advantage of your warranty. If you claim the bike failed under warranty covered conditions, they could claim that it didn’t and it was a result of improper maintenance. You’d likely have insufficient proof and insufficient resources to establish proof (like time and energy) and end up eating the cost to move on. 

So get the maintenance done professionally until at least the warranty is up, then after handle it however you like.

Summary:
What if you did the service yourself?
Oh solid, I go to UW too.
There are tons of dealers around where I live and they're the only place I'm aware of that can service bikes.
If its still under warranty, will getting it serviced by a non authorized dealer void it?
