Original Response:
I welcome Trump to try to push a NAFTA deal without Canada through Congress.

Congress won't cripple their northern states (the very same states that rely heavily on trade with us) else they risk upsetting their people, and not end up getting relected.

Trump most definitely would try, but that'll essentially secure that the upcoming election he won't win.

The reality is: he won off his promises that he would turn American "back into" a political superpower (Laughable considering they have, and continue to be so) - crippling numerous states would be a step backwards. Trump is betting Trudeau will sign it or *risk* "losing" the United States - spoiler we won't if we refuse.
American here. Sorry to say down here trade war with Canada does not make many headlines.  Although it seems generally people are against tariffs. As long as the enconomy continues to grow and unemployment falls at historic rates.  It will not be something that sways voters much.
Are you from one of the many states that rely on NAFTA?

Cause unemployment in those states will spike.
&gt;I welcome Trump to try to push a NAFTA deal without Canada through Congress

Exactly this. Too many in congress rely on votes from people whose livelihood depends on trade with Canada. I don't believe they will repeal NAFTA, especially just before the elections in a November.
&gt; Are you from one of the ~~many states that~~  industries whose jobs rely on NAFTA?


I don't think the average person cares until it makes a difference in their lives, sad as that is.
You can see it by reading the US media online. Its not discussed anywhere near as much as in Canada. There are definitely much hotter issues for them.

I have been following the US news on it to mostly try and figure out what's going on. For me there are immediate financial concerns to NAFTA blowing up. The Canadian government barely says anything substative about the negotiations at all lately.
I am in Florida. But that has little to do with my comment. Turn on cnn and fox and count how many minutes they talk about Nafta. Its not much.
The problem is we don't yet know what is in the deal between the US and Mexico. Congress is going to vote whichever way their donors tells them to. If the US-Mexico deal is good for US business, and there is every reason to think it is, then the congress will pass it. The Democrats in congress aren't going to stand up for Canada anymore Mexico did. Big business will give them some strings attached campaign financing, the republicans will throw them a bone in the form of some state-specific pork barrel, and a few Democrat "traitors" will help the bill through "for the good of their state". The rest of the party act outraged and vow to "stand up to Trump" of course. 

The idea that congress won't accept the US-Mexico deal is a huge gamble, doubly so since the contents haven't been made public yet.
Northern Democrats won't hurt their districts


No matter how lucrative a trade deal with Mexico could be, the northern States would be hurt the most.
You're right *Northern* Democrats won't. But the Democrats from other parts of the country might, depending on what republicans are willing to trade for their support, and how much money busineses will throw their way.
&gt; No matter how lucrative a trade deal with Mexico could be, the northern States would be hurt the most.

Given that the auto-sector is one of the biggest points of contention between the US and Mexico, and that those provisions directly affect the northern states Trump needs, the rust-belt states could benefit from a bilateral deal if it changes the requirements on auto parts (which has been communicated at this point).
I agree. I think it's weird that people in this thread think part suppliers in US will go under. OEMs will re-source from Canadian tier 1/2s to US tier 1/2s. It'll be a headache and there will be hiccups, sure, but it's no where near impossible.

Current suppliers will re-tool to take on new business. Smaller shops will open up to meet OEM demand. 

&amp;#x200B;

The effect of tariffs or of no trade deal on American businesses is overblown by the folks on r/canada.
We in these areas know that nafta killed jobs. But, with unemployment at historic lows currently, I don't think you're going to get the results you and other Canadians here seem to think will get. These are states that flipped red. They flipped red because they knew Trump would fight for their jobs, and that's exactly what he's doing... What he promised he'd do for all those people in those states. So yeah, I think you guys are hurting, and have nothing really to bargain with at this point so it's going to get much much worse I'm afraid. Those elected officials that don't support what Trump does with trade, will be going against the wishes of the people there that elected them and risk being voted out.
       
I know my comment won't be popular, being both American and a Trump supporter, but at least you'll get honest opinions from somebody on the ground so to speak
The auto sector has as much investment in Canada, in Ontario in particular, as it does in Mexico. And some Canadian corporations have numerous facilities in Mexico, so it will effect them significantly.
As unpopular as your opinion might be, I appreciate an American perspective, much more a Trump supporter (No matter how misguided I think that is) - And it makes sense to me.
That's already happening because as we move closer towards all electric vehicles, ICE's are going to eventually start being phased out. in 15-20 years, it won't matter where the parts are manufactured or where the vehicles are built. Companies like Ford and GM have started axing most of their product lines, generally because vehicle sales for many of them were performing worse than expected. As the shift towards EV's grows stronger and the demand increases for them and a more affordable vehicle, that is where many auto makers are going to shift their focus in the coming years.
Wow, I forgot what it's like to post on reddit and not be called a neo nazi racist sexist Russian bot.
Your reply was too structured to be a Russian bot, I can't speak for the rest cause I don't know you personally.
You're right. It's the American people who do not value our relationship and want to fuck us. Too many of us just blame your leadership, but it's a large proportion of the people who are rotten, ruthless imperialists. We should not sign a deal with you people, even if it costs us, you're not worthy of being considered allies, it's an inconvenient truth we've ignored for too long - you don't care about us and you're not the good guys, that was just your propaganda we ate up. We need to start building nuclear weapons to ensure you don't invade us and start cozying up to other powers.
Rude.
Your attitude is worse than rude. It's an insult to a centuries old relationship and just reduces it to dollars and cents. That attitude has destroyed my faith in the American people and our relationship with them. My comments come from a place of visceral hurt and disgust. It feels like we have been stabbed in the back by our best friends. This isn't just rhetoric, it's been a total 180 on the way I feel about America, a country I used to admire.
I'm sorry you feel that way. Ever think about all these benefits you got from nafta... The price that was paid by the American worker? We hemorrhaged jobs. Canada prospered while we stagnated. That doesn't sound fair to me.
That's the rhetoric but the data bares the truth - both countries prospered immensely and we have the largest, most equal, most fair trading relationship between any two countries in the world. Of course, there are always winners and losers in trade, even if the net is a win. Which is why the benefits need to be redistributed in a functioning state, so the whole country can benefit. Be upset with your government which doesn't provide a redistribution of wealth or retraining, don't turn towards imperialism or start violating your word by applying illegal tariffs and insulting your allies. That's not how people with decency behave. It isn't foreigners causing your misery, it is the rich and corrupt, and those fooled by them.
I'm not worried about it now. Trump is correcting it, as we elected him to do.
Trump isn't correcting anything, he's destroying real productive relationships and fueling a hot economy with extra debt. This will give you fewer tools come the next recession, and will cancel out with inevitable extra rise to interest rates. These trade wars will not make you prosperous, they are theatre. He works for the robber barons and plutocrats who keep you poor, not you.
I think you underestimate how much this shake up would destroy the NA auto industry, the supply line is EXTREMELY interdependent. The auto lobby is massive and these northern US states are significantly more reliant on it than Ontario is.
Hear hear.
Where's the evidence that you hemorrhaged jobs? There is none. It's ridiculous.
&gt;Those elected officials that don't support what Trump does with trade, will be going against the wishes of the people there that elected them and risk being voted out.

Lmao, the wishes of whom? Do you realize how unpopular your president is? He didn't even win the popular vote, so he never had the mandate of the people. The midterms are going to be a bloodbath for the Republicans. In no way does he represent the wishes of the majority. Many of those in the farming states that elected him are turning against him due to retaliatory tariffs.
Are you serious? You do realize that the trade balance between Canada and US is even, or has all that fake news from Fox made you mentally retarded? Blame Mexico, China, and southeast Asia for your lost jobs. Picking a fight with Canada is the dumbest shit I can think of.
Sorry, but logic doesn't actually work with retards.
Yeah and a lot of people said Mexico wouldn’t stab us in the back and negotiate bilateral deals... yet here we are.

It would be nice if we didn’t have to pray that the US congress will save the day for us.

The US Congress is there to look out for US interests. Just like the Mexican negotiators were there to look out for Mexico’s interests. Neither of them are going to put their own interests aside for the sake of Canada. If this deal turns out to be really good for the US I don’t want to bet our economy hoping that the US will turn it down.
Northern Democrat districts are where most of the auto plants and auto suppliers are. The Mexico deal is apparently a very good thing for US auto sector...

Just sayin...
How are GM and Ford “axing most of their product lines”? GM and Ford are axing SEDANS and traditional cars... but that has nothing to do with EVs. It has everything to do with the fact that the market is moving to CUVs/SUVs and trucks, sales of which are _on fire_.

GM and Ford (and others) are cutting sedans to make room in their factories for hotter selling and more profitable trucks, SUVs, and CUVs.

Also I fail to see what EVs will do to shake up the market as far as production and supply goes... they are still built in factories... they still require tires, wheels, doors, seats, windshields, etc... literally all that will change is Powertrain. Maybe I am missing something.
Regardless, it's not a fight you will win.  Sorry friend.
Its not surprising given the average Americans knowledge of international politics.  News broadcasters don't want to fill their pages /  minutes with things that will be met with blank stares
Why aren't you addressing any of the points I just made? It seems to me that you're admitting Trump is picking a fight for no reason. I suppose this is what happens when you cut funding to public education.
Most of us aren't dicks, BTW
I learned on November 8 2016 never to underestimate American stupidity
I'm being honest: How do you recognize a bot?
Angry, because impotent would be more accurate.
You are not helping. Attacking them just drives more of them further into Trump's camp.

If there is no one left in the US who opposes Trump what do you think will happen.
The USA *will* cut off their nose to spite their face. Anyone who doesn't believe so hasn't been paying attention.
“The US” isn’t a single entity at the congressional level. Trump can want whatever kind of deal, but the reps of the states that do good business with Canada will not cut off their noses for Trump
&gt; We hemorrhaged jobs. Canada prospered while we stagnated.

Source on that coming from NAFTA?
Trump is going to tank the US economy by waging trade wars on multiple fronts
Sure it is. We just have to stop being nice about it. 

How about instead, we declare aluminum exports to the US as a national security threat and stop all shipments next Tuesday? Just halt all shipments. What do you think the immediate effect on the US economy would be? Research it before you answer.

Next, let's have BC stop accepting all US coal exports through BC ports and declare it a environmental disaster risk. Boom, US coal in the West is dead forever.

Next up, chop Pharma IP to nothing, ramp up manufacturing and enable prescription sales to the US via the web and to medical tourists.

Now we are playing the game the right way.
You are not wrong. R/worldnews on this site is a great example. Generally atleast 50% of its top trending articles are about America.
NAFTA affects Canadians in much larger degrees than Americans, compare trade %, literally Amazons 2nd HQ location would likely impact an American on average more than Canada’s NAFTA participation would.
Canada's manufacturing was destroyed by the initial FTA (pre nafta); countless companies closed shop and moved to Indiana for the cheap(er) labour.

Then along came NAFTA and the same companies continued south to Mexico for even cheaper labour.

Canada's middle class has never recovered from the original free trade agreement.
Im so torn on this one; I hate globalization as much as anyone, the constant outsourcing of our human resources to emerging countries. This effects both Canada and the US, where we have built vast wealth on a strong middle class, which the CEO's are trying to destroy to make quarterly earnings better.

The way Trump is doing it though is just a bull in a china shop. There has to be some middle ground.
Trump is a hypocrite on globalization 

https://i.imgur.com/1ii0n3E.jpg
northern state congressmen and senators, will not allow a trade deal without canada to go through. Those states rely on goods from canada, and they would be crippling thier states.

if theres one thing i can rely on, its politicians propensity for self preservation.
I don't think dems wanna risk the rust belt again.
Can individual states repeal tarifs and write their own trade deals? I'm not familiar with how much autonomy each state has on its own.
Tariffs are meant to run through congress, but Trump bullshitted and pulled the 'national security' card. The current, GOP-led congress is unlikely to overturn that. 

But yes, each state can write individual trade deals if NAFTA dies.
EV's have significantly less components. ICE's require far more components, thus more facilities have to exist to make their components. Removing the engine and replacing it with an electric motor reduces the need for high precision metal machining in one of the core components of the vehicle. Sure, you are still going to have to make brakes, axles and the like, but most of the moving parts are gone. As EV's become more popular and start replacing ICE's, those products are going to diminish in value and there will be less of them being produced. That means job losses will come, though it might be 25 or 30 years before we see that shift significantly though.

Summary:
Are you from one of the many states that rely on NAFTA?
I welcome Trump to try to push a NAFTA deal without Canada through Congress.
The problem is we don't yet know what is in the deal between the US and Mexico.
&gt; No matter how lucrative a trade deal with Mexico could be, the northern States would be hurt the most.
The Democrats in congress aren't going to stand up for Canada anymore Mexico did.
You're right *Northern* Democrats won't.
Trump is correcting it, as we elected him to do.
What do you think the immediate effect on the US economy would be?
The US Congress is there to look out for US interests.
It's the American people who do not value our relationship and want to fuck us.
&gt; Are you from one of the ~~many states that~~  industries whose jobs rely on NAFTA?
northern state congressmen and senators, will not allow a trade deal without canada to go through.
Too many in congress rely on votes from people whose livelihood depends on trade with Canada.
&gt;I welcome Trump to try to push a NAFTA deal without Canada through Congress

Exactly this.
Sorry to say down here trade war with Canada does not make many headlines.
Canada prospered while we stagnated.
The Mexico deal is apparently a very good thing for US auto sector...

Just sayin...
I'm sorry you feel that way.
