Original Response:
Hi everyone!  I'm Carlos, a certified sex coach and licensed therapist. I have a bachelor's in psychology, a master's in counseling and have continued my education in sexuality. I  help people with their relationships, communication, sex life and LGBTQ+ concerns.

I also speak on the topics I specialize in on my youtube channel "Ask Carlos" and at workshops. Ask me anything ! Nothing is off limits :)

my proof:  [www.youtube.com/askcarlos](https://www.youtube.com/askcarlos)

more proof: [https://imgur.com/a/nTPAgRQ](https://imgur.com/a/nTPAgRQ)

edit:  I filmed myself answering some of these questions on video! you can watch here: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Btpo9zfKFdQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Btpo9zfKFdQ)

&amp;#x200B;

edit: &lt;3 Thank you all so much for your UH-MAAAAAAAAZING questions!  you DELIVERED !!I had waaaay too much fun lol I will try to answer as many questions as i can.  If i couldn't get to yours, find it in your kinky hearts to forgive me!!!!  Make sure to subscribe to my channel on Youtube   [www.youtube.com/askcarlos?sub\_confirmation=1](http://www.youtube.com/askcarlos?sub_confirmation=1)

for weekly kink lessons, and more answers to your questions! Use the contact info on youtube to send me more questions, which I will answer on a blog.  Good night! xoxoCC

&amp;#x200B;
Any recommendations for a married couple that needs to spice things up? We both love doing the deed but it's become a bit routine and are looking to change things up.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8W2FvZ-cSyw](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8W2FvZ-cSyw)

I go into detail there. But there is this great "sexercise" i recommend for couples. It will leave you with tons of ideas to spice things up.  in a nutshell :

Grab some notecards and write down fantasies you want to turn reality. Exchange them and put them in 4 piles “hot, lets do it”  “ not hot for me, but I will try it with you” “ sounds hot, but lets talk more about it”   . “not hot, aint happening”   

set a sexy date to get everything you will need to make your fantasies a reality by going to the adult store  or stay at home with a bottle of wine and shop [online. It](https://online.It) can be a bit of foreplay as well. Just thinking about it while shopping will get you hot and bothered. Plus, having everything you need will make things much easier lol 

then set some dates, wether it be every two weeks, once a month, etc. Set a particular day that will become your “fantasy fulfilled night’ . A few days before pull a card from the "hot lets do this" and see what you guys have to prepare for. Once you get through those, you can go to the next pile. Then use the "lets talk about it more pile" to think of some new ideas.  

thanks for your question! let me know if you need more ideas :) 

xoxoCC

&amp;#x200B;
Thanks man, you are a fucking baller!
Anytime :) 

I didn't choose the baller life...the baller life chose me ;p
Thanks man, appreciate you taking the time to answer. Cheers!
This sounds great if you have a partner that is into experimenting and is also interested in spicing things up.

This game is really disappointing when you have a wife that doesn't fill out any cards because "she doesn't have any fantasies" and then puts all of your cards in the "not happening" pile.

Source: I spend a lot of evenings alone with booze, weed, and video games.
Mojoupgrade.com 
My fiance and I tried it earlier this year. Don't get me wrong, our sex life was never bad, it'd just gotten a little boring. This is no longer the case.
[deleted]
I'm sorry Kayne. Things will get better
I think that's the balls life, actually.
Yeah honestly, do these things work for anyone? I’d just be super scared of the “not happening” pile and it’s just generally a level of bureaucracy that is off-putting as heck. I feel similarly about those dice games.
Hey Carlos, if the B in LGBT stand för "bisexual", does that not imply that only two genders exist?
That’s not how the prefix bi works, but nice try I guess.
Just out of curiosity, how does it work then?
Bicycle, a cycle with two wheels. Bicuspid, a tooth with two cusps. Bilingual, being able to understand and communicate in two languages.
nice b8 m8
Yes just as bicycle implies that tricycles don’t exist.
Lolol Love  this comment
There’s also pansexual 🤗
I do understand your thought process. A persons sex is indicated by what sexual organs they have, so by definition, bisexual should essentially mean “has two sex organs.” But for the purpose of defining an individual who has a sexual attraction to both sexes, the prefix “bi” isn’t incorrect here. The core word “sexual” is.
Sexual has more than one definition. When it’s in bisexual, it means something different than just referring to what’s between a person’s legs.
Then what is the issue with the the term bisexual?
At this point do you even know why you’re asking questions? I have no problem with the term bisexual. My initial statement was calling out someone who was trying to troll claiming there are only 2 genders. You’re over here typing to see pretty letters on the screen like you’re some kind of troll.
Woah dude, I wasn’t trying to start shit. I was legitimately asking.
How do I fix my wife after she has declared herself asexual?  :/
Fix implies she is broken. She isn’t
She absolutely is broken if she wants to maintain any sort of healthy adult relationship, much less the one she is currently in.
You're the one expecting things of your wife that she can't give. You're better off letting her find someone who appreciates and loves her without sex.
Cept she doesn't want anything like that. All she wants is to sit on her computer all day talking about Korean boy bands while shirking literally every potential adult responsibility a normal human being would have.
Then that's the problem, not her being asexual.
Oh no, I'm fully willing to pick up all the slack in every other regard, hell I don;t even mind. It's just that one singular aspect, the literal one thing I can't do myself that is the problem.
So what's your point?
What is yours? She has no interest in a divorce or pursuing another relationship herself.
It amazes me people waste precious minutes of their fleeting finite life to troll strangers on the internet.
Then she wants to be in a relationship with you and is happy with the relationship. Being asexual isn't a choice or something you can control like you seem to think- if you can't continue the relationship without sex then you need to end it.
That he loves his wife and sex is important to a healthy relationship, and he wants advice, you dick.
i gave my advice. Sex is not always important. And oviously, its not to his wife. And that isnt something that needs "fixing"
Lol asexual isn't "broken", my man. If you can't see yourself being happy with someone who is asexual, go find someone who isn't.

Summary:
I have no problem with the term bisexual.
Then that's the problem, not her being asexual.
Lol asexual isn't "broken", my man.
Then she wants to be in a relationship with you and is happy with the relationship.
And that isnt something that needs "fixing"
That he loves his wife and sex is important to a healthy relationship, and he wants advice, you dick.
How do I fix my wife after she has declared herself asexual?
let me know if you need more ideas :) 

xoxoCC

&amp;#x200B;
I think that's the balls life, actually.
