Original Response:
My ex husband raped me on more than one occasion when I was asleep. I woke up to him sticking KY in me, then his penis. 

I went to my Priest. He told me my marriage vows equaled my consent, and he chastised me for not giving my ex more sex. 

I told that priest to go to hell and I divorced that man, but I never pressed charges.  I was too afraid. 

Instead he told people I cheated on him and he destroyed my relationship with my father. He told my father I was a whore, and my Dad believed him. 

Thankfully, he lives many states away. Dr. Ford is courageous.  I’m so glad she is telling. She speaks for me today. God bless her. 

I’m overwhelmed by the support. 

I can’t even tell you though how many people I’ve had to block. People telling me I’m a troll; that I made this up, etc. it’s exactly why I’ve stayed silent. 

To the sickos that congratulated me on being raped or hoped it happens again to me - there are no words. I hope you don’t have women in your life if you throw around wishes of sexual assault. You are part of the problem!!!
My ex-husband also raped me. I never pressed charges. He gave me the same excuse the priest gave you - we were married so he was allowed to whenever he wanted. I’m so sorry this happened to you.
Jesus, that’s horrifying and I’m sorry for you. 
Do you think that people who say things like that actually believe that (i.e. basically that marriage = sexual enslavement), or do they just use this bullshit as a sick excuse?
Not the person you replied to but probably a combination of the two.
I’m so sorry that happened to you.
I have no idea. I think people say what they want to get what they want. Especially when the other person loves them and would give them anything. It’s just people taking advantage. He still to this day believes he did nothing wrong.
Thank you for saying that.
Also not the person you replied to, but the ex here is a narcissist and felt entitled. He would do this regularly and would say all the time “but I have a license” (we were married for 14 years before I figured out he was the problem, not me). I once reminded him that a marriage license is not a bill of sale, and that marital rape has been illegal since 1993. That slowed him down some, and he would ask me “may I USE you?”. 

Anyway, yes, he firmly believed that he was entitled to fuck me because we were married, and if I resisted he would throw a tantrum.
You ever heard of pegging? Sounds like you're allowed.
Wait, what?  It was legal up until 1993?????
Something like that. Bill Clinton passed that law. 

Edit: “The criminalization of marital rape in the United States started in the mid-1970s and by 1993 marital rape was a crime in all 50 states, under at least one section of the sexual offense codes” from the Wikipedia page on marital rape.
Same here. He did it to me once, and I told him never to do it again. He did it the *very next morning*.

I informed him that he raped me. He exclaimed "You can't rape your wife!"

One of the most important things to me in my new marriage is how he absolutely listens to me and never makes me feel like I "have" to have sex.
[removed]
My ex believed it. He was shocked I would use rape to describe sex he coerced me in to or did this very thing (sleep sex) when I told him not to before.

Like he acted fucking hurt I would call him a rapist (which I didn't outright do but I did say he clearly raped me so...) Like how horrible of me.

Its lack of empathy. He always wanted sex so he would be thrilled if the roles were reversed and therefore couldn't understand how I could possibly see it different
“May I USE you?”

Holy fucking shit. I just...can’t even. Who...how...just, why would anyone ever think that’s ok? 

Edit: ok, I do understand maybe in a kinky context, maybe - MAYBE. would have to be totally super open, consensual context. I’d consider myself fairly open and all, but I don’t think that’d ever even vaguely be ok or a turn-on for me. I mean really, if you’re that in the mood, couldn’t you put in some minimal effort to try and get your partner in the mood too? And this is also, only acceptable if that’s the kind of relationship you have with your partner. Yuck. I hate the idea that anyone who claims to love you would think it’s ok to “use” your body. 

Edit 2: So I wrote my initial response (maybe 2 hours ago), after work, while I was waiting at a bar for my to-go order. I wasn’t expecting to wait, never have before, so it was loud, unfamiliar, and slightly annoying plus I was tired/hungry. I only mention all that bc of how differently I feel about the phrase “may I use you” now that I’m home, well-fed, showered, and comfy in my bed with my dog. That phrase “may I use you” 
sounded so  harsh and offense to me while I was out, but now, idk, no big deal. Hell, I just could kinda be into that, depending on the situation. It’s just crazy to me now to see the difference in my own reaction. Just saying: like literally, context can change everything. I’m surprised myself that I’d change this much. And I now think I was much more uncomfortable alone at the bar than I realized or just had my guard up.
I would LOOOOVE to see him use that defense in court. It's basically admitting you raped, but you think you're special and the law doesn't apply to you. If the statute isn't up you should press charges because he will legit tell the cops that to try to get out of being arrested and they can testify to that and put it in the report. Marital rape is a felony. It's very illegal. They legit wrote laws specifying that it's still rape even if you are married because so many rapists think they can get away with it if they are married. Or that they "deserve it." Turns out judges don't agree, for the most part. I really wish more people would turn in rapists. The system is so fucked i 100% understand why they don't. Just wish things were different and all the rapists went to jail.
Even now I like to ask my SO for verbal consent every time, after, as you put it, I put in effort to get them in the mood. I default to "may I have you?" which is somewhat similar. That works for us. However, it is nothing close to how I imagine it was said/handled by OPs husband. I guess the whole point is that I am aware Im not entitled and that's why I am asking. I believe it is important to attend to your partners needs, but never should they or, more importantly, you think that they are entitled to such.
[deleted]
Are you blaming women for this? A lot of people, my ex included, were not that kind of person in the beginning. I would go out on a limb to assume most aren’t like that in the beginning and there aren’t any red flags to alarm someone. They don’t think they’re raping their wives. They think they’re having sex with their wife (or husband) and that it is okay for them to do so. It’s fucking terrible.
Your way sounds so polite. I say, "Can I have sex with you?" or "Do you wanna have sex?" 

Edit: I'm not being sarcastic or complaining about asking for consent. This is literally what I do when I'm not sure if he's feeling it.
Consent is the most important word here. Nothing wrong with it in a kinky context as long as both talk about and agree to it.
Jesus. Ignoring your needs and explicit requests is terrible. Especially when you are in a vulnerable state (sleeping). You need to be able to trust your partner.
People have elaborate masks. 
Think about the shock when some people get accused of serial assaults/rapes. Sometimes their spouses/closest friends have no idea.

I wish that monsters looked like monsters.  But they don’t always.  And the world scares me because of exactly that.
Yes, I think some people believe that marriage equals ownership. I was born into a religion that taught that men own their wife. In the marriage cerimony men make promises to god, women promise to obey their husband. Men are told that women are precious possessions   Women who go to the untrained, unpaid, lay ministers with marital problems of any kind, including violence, are told to be nicer, keep the house cleaner, the kids quieter, put out more. So, yes some men believed what they were taught.
Well look no further then your president and his lawyer (the one who recently plead guilty).

[A lawyer at the Trump Organization told The Daily Beast that legally speaking, you can’t rape your spouse. “It is true,” said special counsel Michael Cohen. “You cannot rape your spouse. And there’s very clear case law.” Cohen was defending Donald Trump against allegations made by his ex-wife Ivana Trump, who once used the word “rape” to describe an incident between them in 1989.](https://www.thedailybeast.com/trump-lawyer-you-cant-rape-your-spouse)
They believe it. The idea that marriage =/= consent is relatively modern. Like, less than 60 years old. Many states had laws saying it wasn't rape if you were married as recently as 20-25 years ago.
Needs to sound more business casual. "Would you like to schedule an appointment for consensual intercourse?"
I never comment on these things and I really understand and appreciate your own opinion and personal preferences, but maybe take it down a notch on the kink shaming? Everyone feels differently about sex and how they want to be treated by their consenting partner and just because it is a "yuck" for you doesn't mean it is a "yuck" for others. People shouldn't feel bad for using the term "use you" in the privacy of their bedroom - and it certainly has no bearing on the health of the relationship if it is, again, between two consenting, understanding, adults.
[removed]
Out of genuine curiosity, why didn't you press charges?
Wow that’s not the road we are headed down lol but hopefully the road just leads to people being open about what they want. The eventuality that you are describing is ridiculous and you are most likely joking but I can’t believe people are complaining about establishing consent getting in the way of life’s pleasures, like spontaneous sex lol. Sorry if I’m over reacting but I’m tired of people acting like being respectful (by asking if people want to have sex) is some sort of chore or that it’s unnecessary or ridiculous. It should be as natural as using the blinkers on your car haha not everyone does it all the time but it takes really no extra effort, just have to pay attention a lil more haha. Sorry for the ramble haha
Sorry - you’re right on the “yuck” thing, didn’t mean to come across as shaming. And I know saying yuck definitely isn’t neutral. As long as everyone is on board for the action, nothing is wrong. My “yuck” was intended exclusively for the cases when it isn’t consensual.
I was being a little facetious in my reply but if you can have your whole life wrecked on just an accusation of sexual assault or rape, guilty or not, you best believe people are going to exercise a little discretion and a whole lot of caution in those situations.
My SO doesn't like it when I ask her "Can I sex you?". I think the problem is the implication that it is something I do TO her not WITH her.
Ok, it totally does depend on the person saying it - I guess thinking about it more, I can totally also see how “May I use you” could be super polite too. My thought was more of a guy assuming that I was there just for his needs, maybe says more about my own life (/poor personal choices?) than a broader sense of society. 

Edit: “May I have you” sounds super polite. “May I use you” still doesn’t sit right with me...
I remember a couple times I woke up to my ex-husband having sex with me. I never thought of it as rape, really, since on those occasions (and so many others) I eventually gave in and let him finish. Then he'd complain that I wasn't enjoying it. So glad we're divorced!
Uh that’s pretty weird... you never spontaneously have sex?

Are you both cold lawyers?
We use “what do you want?” If partner answers, “you” (or some more specific explicit request) then sex is on! If parter answers anything else, maybe it’s nap time, or further discussion ensures. I think we like it because it’s not just asking for consent but for enthusiasm, so it’s much more mutual and less of that TO you’re referencing, I totally get how that feels off putting.
I saw a post the other day about how you’re more likely to be raped as a male then be charged with a false rape accusation. So I understand the fear, is just something that almost never happens when you look at the numbers. So when people talk about how suddenly men’s lives will be in danger of being destroyed, I see it more as fear mongering than a rational point of view.
[removed]
14 years of marriage here too, before I divorced him. I... don’t know what it qualifies as. Not healthy, that’s for damn sure. My ex was also a narcissist. He’d chide me about “his sexless marriage” and how we only had sex once or twice a week. I had to be naked. Naked and laying in bed and just waiting. No foreplay. “Brace yourself,” was his joke, that was his foreplay. It would start as missionary and then he’d finish in doggy style.

I’d just lay there. I started chewing my lips so they’d bleed so he couldn’t kiss them, so they’d be too raw and scabbed and painful. I’d just lay there. And when we’d switch positions it was a relief. To get him off me. To get him off my ribs, off my lungs. And I’d get on all fours and just lay onto the pillow and close my eyes and say whatever he needed me to say to get him off faster. But even that was hard. “Scream it.” Dude. I feel like a fucking moron as it is, I’m not a porn star, ‘Oh I love your cock,’ whatever, fuck off. But if he’d finish faster, if he’d just get out of me, if I could just be left alone...

And performing oral sex was a nightmare. We both had to be naked. And he wanted to finger me but it fucking hurt. And I’d tell him that and he’d try anyway. And I always ended up crying. And he rarely went down on me. Only if everything was completely waxed. Everything. He even bought me a waxing kit so I could rip my own pubes out so he could enjoy going down on me. It never really felt good so I didn’t bother to do it unless he begged me to because he wanted to and I could deal with his whining anymore. And I lay there and it would hurt and he’d finger me and it was just not pleasurable, but he enjoyed it. I’d lay there because I had to.

When I wanted to have sex, he’d sometimes try. But more often than not I’d be shot down. If he wanted sex, I was expected to have sex. If I said no, he wouldn’t have sex with me, but he’d stomp off to his office after yelling at me and slam the door and he’d be unbearable DAYS. And he’d bring it up, how hurtful it was to him, denying him sex. How I “was never in the mood” and how I just lay there and make him do all the work. But if I moved, if I moved my pelvis at all “I was making it too hard on him” “it hurt his back” so lay there.

I don’t know what it was. I mean, I’d say no and he wouldn’t and I’d lay there and he would so technically it was consensual, but I felt completely dead inside and trapped. Idk. I don’t know why I’m even sharing this.
If I'm in the mood and she's not, she will sometimes offer to "let me go".  
I prefer that she be involved too, of course, but if she offers and I'm desperate, I'll sometimes take her up on it.  
I can't imagine just moving forward if she hasn't agreed to it. Who the fuck does that?
[deleted]
You could say the same about any relationship. Coworker throw you under the bus at work? Well you should have seen the red flags. Got a spouse that cheated on you? Should have seen all the flags. Got a friend that stole money from you? Flags.
Oh god, that’s awful. I’m so sorry. That’s coercive control, especially where if you said no and he wouldn’t, but then he’d throw a tantrum and be unbearable... I get it, I got that a lot too. It’s so that next time you’d just “let” him instead of saying no, and you’d hope he’d get it over with quickly and leave you alone. 

I never wanted to call it rape. I still don’t. How do you let yourself get raped for a dozen years? You know? But if you’re having sex you don’t wanna have, under duress (whether it’s violently forced or just because you have to live with the consequences otherwise), I say that absolutely qualifies as rape, from a trauma standpoint if not a legal one. 

And that’s just the one aspect. All the other traumas have to be dealt with, too. The chronic degradation, never being good enough, everything shitty is your fault even if you had nothing to do with it, your ambitions and talents and dreams crushed, your health and body wrecked from chronic stress... you can take your power back but it takes work and time, and it sucks that you even should have to go through that. 

Writing it out is an effective therapy. Journal about it or keep writing anonymously here, preferably in safe forums. It helps your brain process and integrate the trauma, so it can become your “story” instead of your ever-present danger. 

Almost 3 years out and I’m beginning to take my sexual power back. I can enjoy it, I can say no to it, I can pursue it or choose to accept being pursued or not, and now I know to be mindful of consent all around (mine and my partner’s). Nobody ever talked about consent and what that means, even five or ten years ago, in my world. 

I’m glad you’re out of that situation! Welcome back! Time to love yourself well ❤️
You missed the part where I said we do foreplay spontaneously and then I ask before actually engaging in intercourse. It can be as simple as a whisper in their ear, or "I want to do blah blah" but you should always have consent. Asking for it doesnt have to be cold.
I don't understand this. I don't even want to have sex when my wife isn't fully committed to it. She's got a terrible poker face, but sometimes she tries to roll with it, but it just doesn't do anything for me.

Like, disinterested sex is just a non-starter.
In my case it was lack of empathy. He didn’t give one shit about me or my pleasure or comfort, unless there was something in it for him. Like he’d give me a good backrub but then I owed him something. 

When I pointed out that he was actually raping me (after he had said “haha I basically raped you lol”), he began to ask for consent (“can I use you?” which in this case meant “like a fleshlight”) because he didn’t want me building a criminal case against him? I guess? He is a psychopath but not a sociopath. He follows rules but tries to game the system to avoid negative consequences and yet get what he wants. Because he feels entitled, because whatever childhood trauma he suffered turned into a personality disorder and shrunk his amygdala or whatever.
I’m sorry. God, really tho, do people not get that it fucking hurts? Like it physically fucking hurts? Women aren’t saying no to be coy or whatever. It’s not fun at all when you’re not into it. It isn’t fun or ok or even tolerable. mentally or physically. It’s just pain. I wish it was easier to make that more obvious.
Mine did this a lot years ago. I fought with him to understand that it was a rape to me. Time has passed and he did learn. But I still get angry at how society pushes women to just accept it.
Marriage doesn't equal ownership.
Unfortunately he might have been right (by law, not morals) at that time, because the last state in the US to make marital rape illegal passed a law I'm 1993.
You know that you have done something wrong when your only defense is that its technically not illegal.
No one ever "let's" themselves get raped. Sometimes your subconscious simply decides for you that it is safer not to fight back at that moment. But you didn't let yourself get raped. It's always something someone does by force.
&gt;One of the most important things to me in my new marriage is how he absolutely listens to me and never makes me feel like I "have" to have sex. 

This is kind of sad. Your husband not raping you should be the base level, not the best thing in marriage.
It’s a only a non-starter if you think women are people and not objects! It is a yes-starter for pieces of shit like Brett Kavanaugh, men who coincidentally continue to be placed in positions of nearly unimaginable power. Almost makes you wonder if the system is designed to protect the ability of rich white men to abuse and exploit everyone else.
It doesnt even have to be a mask. Sometimes monsters dont understand that they are monsters. They just happen to do the right things and nobody asked them why they do them. I am pretty sure I could find a bunch of people that is 100% pro consent and and will talk about how awful rape is but when you ask why they will say that its because it is illegal. Not because its deeply damaging to the victim but because society tells them that its wrong.   

Most of the time the difference in motivation makes no difference and the person thinking it thinks that everybody else thinks like this.   

Then you suddenly you reach a grey zone where societys general map has spotty coverage. Stuff that an empathetic individual should be able to navigate easily becomes really hard and they just go in really weird directions.  

Thats why a lot of religions sometimes go haywire.  Rather than training people how to feel what is right and wrong they are trained to do what they are told is right and wrong and suddenly otherwise reasonable, kind and loving people get some very basic stuff wrong.
My wife forces me to have sex when I dont want to. I tell her no but she doesnt listen. Is that considered rape, even for a man?
Sounds exactly like the religion I grew up in. I worry to this day that there is some messed up wiring in my head that will cause problems in my relationship with my girlfriend.
[deleted]
The us just loooves women.
Rape isn't about sex. It's about maliciously hurting and humiliating the victim.
Absolutely it is, your wife has no right to demand sex either morally or legally may the crew be with you
Absolutely. No one should be forced to have sex.
Rapists
Wow that's terrible. I've always hated being an extremely light sleeper but now I'm grateful for it. I would hate to wake up to that.
“Use you” like you’re an item. Like property. Disgusting.
Woah there buddy, I like where your head is at. But the presumption of innocence until proven guilty is an extremely important thing. We have not and very unfortunately may never have a full investigation into what actually happened. Good people can be fallible. Rape and sexual based offenses are extremely disgusting and especially heinous, which makes it very important to investigate fully and provide beyond a reasonable doubt the truth before we judge someone for the crime.
Unfortunately, they actually wrote those laws because up until a few decades ago, the law DID recognize being married as a very valid defense.
Yeah, that’s the thing about lack of empathy. It’s all about what THEY want so “you” don’t matter.
Or coercion or manipulation or deception, in my case. There was never a violent forcing in my situation (my narc wasn’t as bad as some). I just didn’t know about red flags or boundaries, and I can’t pinpoint when it switched from “I enjoy this” to “this is just okay” to “man I really don’t want to”...  probably after having my first baby and it took forever to heal and breastfeeding wasn’t going well and I was touched out. The advice I got was “fake it till you make it” because “he has needs too” and we were married so it was my duty, I wouldn’t want him to leave or cheat, would I? It’s not fair to promise him all this sex (in the beginning, there was lots of consensual sex) and then dead-bedroom just because we had a child. Or five. 

Victims of narcissism deal with FOG: Fear, Obligation, and Guilt. That was very much in play in my marriage. But unlike a lot of us, I never felt forced until about Year 12 when I finally defined “rape” for myself and realized I’d been raped for a decade.
Quoted the wrong part?
Oh I was considering coercion and manipulation as force.

And yea that's how most abuse starts. At first it's just a slight negativity and the abuser are perfect at gauging your reaction and will ever so slightly increase the abuse, until you end up with rape or other violence, and the victim won't be able to leave the situation.

I don't understand how those guys would survive without a slave wife. Would they randomly assault people on the street when they feel the need arise? Other humans masturbate when they are horny. What's wrong with them?
Jesus, I guess I've been "raped" dozens of times by multiple women over the years. I can't even count the number of times I've just not been in the mood, said no, I don't want to, just let me sleep, we'll do it in the morning, please no, I'm tired... Then they just start rubbing on me and showing me things and bending over touching their hoohahs until my instincts make me physically (not mentally) aroused... Then they have their way with me. Did I want to have sex? NO! Did they rape me? Should they face legal charges? Up to the victim I guess. I'm telling you, girlfriends through my life have done this and women have done this to me in general. I guess if I let a girl get close enough to me to be laying down with me in a bed or couch or whatever, I trust her enough to get her jollies even if I don't want to. I don't know, it's a dark grey area and mine haven't involved violence. Some dudes are pieces of shit and use their size and strength to force women into sex, not cool. Some men and women push the boundaries, knowing the two of you have been somewhat romantic and run with it until there's not so willing intercourse. Any situation short of violence can be twisted either way. My two cents.
Yep, it’s a boiling frog situation for sure. 

They become porn addicts, predators and incels is how they do it, until they can hook a slave wife. Idk what the female narcs do, but they’re no less predatory.
What's worse is that men don't bring it up because of 9f what they think people will think of them check out r/crewscrew
Uh.. yes dude. If you are being forced to have sex without your consent (or your consent is under coercion) it is indeed rape.

I'm extremely sorry your wife is a rapist and you are the consistent victim of that. Regardless of the genders involved, no one should feel forced in to such an intimate act by someone they love and trust. It is selfish of her at the very least.
I didn't say it was the best thing. Just one of the most important. Also among those are keeping up with the household chores (especially without me having to tell him to because *I am not his mother*), being good with finances, and having a good relationship with my daughter.

I mean.. all of those are probably considered base level for a relationship, but hey. I'm pretty low maintenance, lol.
Try telling her that. Because the usual response to me refusing it is if I am homosexual.
Dude. Why are you with her?

How many rapists do you think go "Awwwww you got me! Ok. I guess it's time to stop rapin'!"

My ex would act super hurt like I was so mean to call out his behavior and he acted like he was the victim. Doesn't mean he didn't rape me. It means he's an asshole that refused to admit it to me or even himself.

Your wife is not only raping you but also insulting you and shit? I'm not one to quickly jump on the "leave her/him" train because we're only getting a snapshot of your life, but dude. This snapshot is looking like you shouldn't be sticking around.
Because generally she is a nice person. But when i refuse sex, she starts to cry, and says "am i not beautiful" or "do i not turn you on" or "you know how many times my best friend and her husband do it" or "you know many guys wish to be in your spot"... And she wants it everyday, most of the times twice even... I am unable to keep up so i just lay there... Never really thought about talking about it.

The
i have been in a few relationships and if i started getting frisky and they said nah I would immediately go "aw. k" and that was it. is that not a normal thing? does this crap happen a lot to women?
Your wife is the female version of my ex. Is she generally nice except when she doesn't get what she wants? (Obviously she isn't when it comes to sex...)

I know for guys this stuff can be harder to talk about. I'm the same way despite being a chick. I don't bring this kind of stuff up to friends or family. I probably should. If you have someone you can talk to about it, that'd be great. If not, consider getting a counselor or something. I've been considering that for myself now even though this stuff is behind me. I wish I'd had one back then. If anything to tell me that it was not a healthy relationship.
This isn’t a criminal trial, this is a nomination for a lifelong appointment to the highest court of the land. All people have a right to the presumption of innocence in criminal prosecution, but nobody has a right to be a Supreme Court Justice. It is an honor and a privilege that impacts the lives of millions of people, and a nominee to this court should meet the highest standard of moral character. There are several allegations against him that are credible and on the record. I personally believe this should be enough to disqualify his nomination.
Yes. So many, many times.
Or they truly don't give a shit like me.
It can be difficult to break patterns, but because you know and care to do things differently, your chances of doing things vs right are pretty good.
I’m so happy you have a happy, healthy new marriage that you deserve. I’m so sorry that happened to you.
[removed]
Well just imagine for a sec that your gf had said no to sex before you went to bed. And your sex life wasn't the greatest. And _then_ you fuck her in her sleep, and she wakes up upset. Is it still ok?

Sleep sex is something I've always discussed with my partners. Because if you do it to someone that isn't ok with it, that's a bad thing. 

And even if it was ok before, it may not always be ok either. Especially in the case of let's say, she's upset and mad at you over something. Probably not the best time to engange in sleep sex.
[removed]
I'm gonna go out on a limb (spelling?) here and assume that things in the bedroom wasn't the best between the two of them. People who are having a good relationship can have sleep sex and it's good. (And the partner probably never engages in sleep sex if they know their partner doesn't want it. Like if they had an argument the night before or something, or she declined sex before bed.)

She didn't have to be awake while KY was being used. If the tube is out, and everything is slick wet form it, it probably speaks for itself. 

And sleep sex should always be discussed before the first time it happens. Else you never know if your partner will find it a breach of trust or not. There's plenty that won't mind. Problem arises when someone _does_ mind, for whatever reason. "Hey, how do you feel about sleep sex?" If you had this discussion beforehand, then you're at least sure they're ok with it to begin with. 

A good partner would never use this against a partner if there's been an argument or something though. "but you said it was ok?" You should simply know that the no just before bed still means no until argument is done with.

Or am I asking too much here?
I guess it's quite morally sound. I would keep it a suprise when you're gonna do it as a man but there is indeed nothing wrong with asking if your partners ok if you suprise her at an unspecified time. Thanks for the unbiased discussion!
Yeh that's what I mean. Just if it's in general something they're comfortable with. I tend to always talk about sex and what's ok and not before anything happens in the bedroom. It's just good to know a little who you're dealing with, and what you can expect a little bit. Important to have the same sexual values so to speak.
Yeah I don't have a lot of experience with different partners but I can say that even if your line of communication is 100% open awkward situations are still unavoidable. It can still happen that you do something in the heat of the moment that your partner is uncomfortable with. It's like with that female reporter saying about that aziz  ansari situation a while back: 'you weren't sexually assaulted you had a bad date.' the dilemma is in finding the border of what constitutes rape. But since it's a complex matter of subjective experience a lot of it rests on the shoulders of the individuals own judgement of the situation. Then again rape does happen. 

The sexual landscape is already hard to navigate for men and women and I can't help but feel we're making things even harder and more awkward. But I guess it's a nessecary development because in the end we'll have a clearer collective understanding about a more ideal way of conduct that makes everyone happy.
I agree with you. But that depends if she told him to stop the first time and he kept on doing it then it's rape. But if he did it and she didn't say stop he may have thought it was ok.
If your partner is trying to back away, or seeming hesitant, or said no to something, just look for the yes rather than try to avoid the no. A simple "are you ok?" may be what saves such an awkward situation. If at all unsure if the partner is into what's going on, I'd just stop unless they absolutely insist on being fine. 

Like, I've had some pain at times when me and my SO have sex, and he always is like "are you ok? Should I stop?" And if it's really bad, ofc we stop, but if it's just my vagina being a little difficult and I know it'll be fine soon, I insist everything is ok, and smile, and kiss him etc. I make sure my yes is loud and clear. 

I feel like this stuff shouldn't be that difficult if you have an ounce of empathy and wish for your partner to have a good time, rather than to just focus on own pleasure kind of thing..
[removed]
Well if you really really put on your best effort to convince your guy you're ok with everything, you can't claim rape after that. 

Unless you're living with a physically and emotionally abusive guy that ought to know better obviously. But that's really it's own messed up thing.
[removed]
It's just how I do it. It works for me. 

It's just like... do you like it rough, or more gentle. Do you like giving/receiving blowjobs, what about cunnilingus? How do you feel about choking and stuff like that? It's not like this clinical interview either. It's sexy talking about sex :) And it's very informative. Some one I know doesn't like penetration sex for example. So that's not something I'd get into. I need that stuff. 

I think it's normal to talk about sex like that.
Religious people suck.
[removed]

Summary:
It's just how I do it.
I don’t know what it was.
He did it to me once, and I told him never to do it again.
I think people say what they want to get what they want.
Did I want to have sex?
I’d lay there because I had to.
I never wanted to call it rape.
My wife forces me to have sex when I dont want to.
I think it's normal to talk about sex like that.
I informed him that he raped me.
I didn't say it was the best thing.
I say, "Can I have sex with you?"
I had to be naked.
If he wanted sex, I was expected to have sex.
I get it, I got that a lot too.
But you didn't let yourself get raped.
I really wish more people would turn in rapists.
When I wanted to have sex, he’d sometimes try.
I... don’t know what it qualifies as.
Doesn't mean he didn't rape me.
"but you said it was ok?"
I tell her no but she doesnt listen.
I don’t know why I’m even sharing this.
I fought with him to understand that it was a rape to me.
Or am I asking too much here?
People who are having a good relationship can have sleep sex and it's good.
I’m so sorry this happened to you.
I’m so sorry that happened to you.
It's always something someone does by force.
And sleep sex should always be discussed before the first time it happens.
No one should be forced to have sex.
Then again rape does happen.
Sleep sex is something I've always discussed with my partners.
No one ever "let's" themselves get raped.
That slowed him down some, and he would ask me “may I USE you?”.
I wish I'd had one back then.
You could say the same about any relationship.
Yes, I think some people believe that marriage equals ownership.
To get him off me.
But even that was hard.
I don't even want to have sex when my wife isn't fully committed to it.
And I lay there and it would hurt and he’d finger me and it was just not pleasurable, but he enjoyed it.
Like it physically fucking hurts?
So that's not something I'd get into.
"Hey, how do you feel about sleep sex?"
This is literally what I do when I'm not sure if he's feeling it.
And I always ended up crying.
It doesnt even have to be a mask.
I would hate to wake up to that.
