Original Response:
This happened last night, so technically it wasn't today, although activities may have extended into this morning. I typed it up right after a pregnancy test.

I'll start with how I met my girlfriend. We were at a summer camp, (we're both juniors) and things happened in that two week period that resulted in a relationship. To be frank, that was my first relationship, since prior to that I was much more focused on grades and education. It was your typical nerd fetish of "landing the hot blonde", although I was more thrown into the relationship, although once I was I relished it. However, she lives in Seattle, while I'm down in North Carolina, literally right off the path of Florence (which I really hoped and still hope would/will come and kill me). We "dated" halfway through the camp, a result of going off the college campus for eating. When we finished, I met her parents as they picked her up, but she never met mine. As a result, my parents never knew anything-- in fact, nobody did except for one of my friends who went on the cruise trip directly following, and basically everyone she knew. This never seemed to be really important for me, since I'm new to all this relationship stuff. Actually my friend who commonly browses reddit and my user will probably see this, so when I ride the school bus tomorrow I might be cucked even more.

Speaking of Hurricane Florence, it was actually the reason she came over; for, two days ago, with odd motives, she had traveled over to Wilmington rather than California for the beach with a group of her friends, and obviously was in direct path of the storm. With nowhere else to go, they ran towards the RDU triangle, which was the "clear zone" of the storm and rented a hotel. Me, seeing her story on Instagram, was an idiot and offered to give her stay. This was basically me, someone who pokes his friends with pencils (it was studying for AP Psych last year) thinking about others before him. Before my numbskull could realize that 1). she would be staying with my parents, who had ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA that she existed, 2). I would be living with a girlfriend I haven't seen in about two months, who lives normally halfway across the country, and 3). events like these typically result in disaster, she replied with a "Sure, thanks!" and my plan was underway. Then I realized all these three shit points, but I was too scared to send these back because I'm an introvert and I don't want to lose the closest thing I have to a relationship because I'm insecure and use HTTPS Everywhere. 

I then proceeded to start telling my parents about this, where my dad just sat there silent and looking amused why my mom was getting increasingly infuriated. After I finished (the story during which my mother interjected MULTIPLE times) my mom seemed more mad about how I never told her about this person rather than their stay here. My dad, on the other hand, seemed more relieved that I wasn't a complete social outcast and a homosexual (because from his time, especially where he comes from, China, this is kinda big) and let it pass, which was the complete opposite of what I was thinking. My mom at that point proceeded to start trying to gossip, etc. about this stuff because parents. About two hours later, she arrived, and we (I) unpackaged her stuff into my room. 

Now the first night we didn't do anything really, just slept (me for about 3 hours) but the second night we did; I actually blame the person at my camp for giving me an way oversized condom because I brought Cards Against Humanity over and he had multiple condoms to give out. I had never planned on having sex as a high school student because I am semi-socially awkward and the only girl I relatively knew were my 6 year old sister and my girlfriend. As a result, the only condom I had was one that was ridiculously oversized. Confession: I do NOT have a 10-inch dick. As a result, with the reassurances of a condom and probably not having the chance for the next ten years until I remember Tinder,  we decided to set upon yesterday. This ended with the condom leaking, and some surprise and stress, followed up by a pregnancy test which resulted in a positive. In fact, so far we two are the only ones that know about this (unless she's putting this on her snapchat story) and putting it up here is more like an anonymity breaker. 

**TL;DR:** I met a girl at camp (both juniors) who lives on the opposite coast of me, who came over for vacation which was the first time my parents met her, got hurricaned into my home and got pregnant as a result. Nobody else knows.

EDIT 1: So apparently I know nothing about Sex Ed because I was busy playing Clash Royale when I was in that class... I'm gonna go look at a doctor to make sure that the baby isn't real, because, according to the helpful and supporting comments, the only possible causes were a prior pregnancy and a really shitty test. I kinda just overreacted and posted this, literally a tifu within a tifu. Thanks for those who gave me information and brought me out of stress mode!

EDIT 2: So I told her about the entire doctor thing (and apparently she doesn't understand how babies work either) and about how I was gonna schedule an appointment; she stayed silent for about thirty minutes and said that it was all a prank; etc. Obviously, this feels like a scam, so should i immediately dump, or entertain this further? Thanks again to all of your support during this!

EDIT 3: Thanks to /u/FlagShack for the gold, even though I don't feel like this post deserves it... really I've learned my lesson and deserve a fucking whopping for the idiocy of not listening in sex ed.
Why didn’t y’all go and pick up a plan B pill the next day?
I don't know what a plan B pill is, i'm extremely unprepared for this ;-;
It's an emergency contraceptive after insemination (also called morning-after pill). Basically you take it the morning after doing the deed and it will prevent fertilization.
wtf how do you know this
Plan A is before doing it (condoms and birth control pill), plan B is when plan A goes wrong. Have you never heard of plan A and B in movies/tv shows??

heck even jinx has plan A and plan Z augments in odyssey

plan A is offensive and plan Z is when damage doesnt work so its defensive
1). no
2). plan z != plan b
b &gt; a

z &gt; a

therefore z = b

inb4 /r/theydidthemath /r/theydidthemonstermath /r/itwasagraveyardgraph
no

b &lt; c

z &gt; c

therefore z != b

inb4 /r/theydidthemath /r/theydidthemonstermath /r/itwasagraveyardgraph
c deez nuts

inb4 "no u"
no w

inb4 "outplayed"
inb4 whole comment chain gets removed by mods
inb4 our life gets removed by mods
Come on. Mature people that are able to consent to sex need to learn about the human body, sex, and how it works. If you don't want to be manipulated your whole life, go to the planned parenthood website and get your learn on.

Summary:
about this stuff because parents.
I don't know what a plan B pill is, i'm extremely unprepared for this ;-;
As a result, the only condom I had was one that was ridiculously oversized.
I'll start with how I met my girlfriend.
b &gt; a

z &gt; a

therefore z = b

inb4 /r/theydidthemath /r/theydidthemonstermath /r/itwasagraveyardgraph.
I typed it up right after a pregnancy test.
