Original Response:
But the market can definitely take it away
Not as fast as the Venezuelan government can if you keep their money. Bitcoin is quite stable compared to the bolivar. Not sure how long you've been in Bitcoin, but most of the time I've been here the market has been very generous and gave much more than it took away. If the market gives you a ride from $200 to $20000 in a little over 2 years, then you really can't complain when it then drops back to $6000 or can you? And that's against the dollar, against the Venezuelan bolivar Bitcoin has never even seen a bear market.
Cracking a joke dawg. Just cracking a joke
I'm not sure *anything* has seen a bear market compared to the bolivar.  Hell, I'm pretty sure the Confederate Dollar has held up better.
Your forgetting about everyone that didn't buy at 200. All those people who got in at 20k are taking a dick right now.
I can’t upvote this enough... sigh
Ironically, if you bought Bitcoin at 20k in Venezuela, you'd [still be doing better than if you held the Bolivar](https://tradingeconomics.com/venezuela/inflation-cpi).

So far, things cost 200,000% more.

Just for context, if a loaf of bread cost you $1 at the store, that loaf of bread now costs you $2,000.
&gt;  Hell, I'm pretty sure the Confederate Dollar has held up better.

I'm still hodl
Alternatively you could have bought literally anything else and you would have beaten both btc and the bolivar. You could have invested in wheat and toilet paper and still come out ahead.
Well, that's actually not true. You could've invested in [Parkbyte](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/parkbyte/) or [PolyAI](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/poly-ai/) and you could've actually burned your money to be better off. At least the fire would provide heat.
Found the paid naysayer
You could simply use it as a temporary means of transporting value, and convert it to the local currency of wherever your'e taking refuge.
instructions unclear, bought Bitconnect
That's what they said about people who got in at $1000 in 2013 earlier too. I would be more upset if I had sold at $200, Bitcoin is likely to take out the high at $20k at some point. And any sensible people who knows a tiny bit about investing would know to slowly buy in over time and not go all-in at a single point in time.
Dayem.   what happened to poly?
&gt; against the Venezuelan bolivar Bitcoin has never even seen a bear market.

I feeeel Venezuelan almost every day...who knew.
&gt; All those people 

So people have been buying and selling bitcoin for over 90 months and the 1 day that it was at 20k is the only reference point you can use? 

There weren't many buyers at 20k or 18k compared to the amount of people who bought it at or below today's valuation of it. 

And the few people that didn't listen when even bitcoin hodler's were calling it a bubble deserve to feel rekt for a few months. People shouldn't buy it with some expectation of making money or short term gains.
You think there's a 1 day timeframe to be in the red and everyone else is making money hand over fist? People have been losers for almost a full year now. You could have bought at 10k and you're still a loser. 8k? That's a loss, 7k? Big ole L.

&gt;bitcoin hodler's were calling it a bubble 

Never happened. Any words of hesitation were downvoted and removed from the subs. 

&gt;People shouldn't buy it with some expectation of making money or short term gains.

That's 99% of the crypto space. Pack it up buys, nobodys making money.
Only took them 3 years to break even.

&gt;And any sensible people who knows a tiny bit about investing would know to slowly buy in over time and not go all-in at a single point in time.

Actually dollar cost averaging is just a way to ease people into the market without triggering their psychological fears of investing. Time in the market beats timing the market. If you're sitting on a pile of cash, your best bet is to dump it all in at once and take advantage of long time frames. Slowly moving money in just leaves your money on the sideline not being productive.
Mmmmmm MMmmmmmMMMmmm NONONONO
Only problem being that most of the crowd got in at $10000-$20000, while the chinese, insiders, e-corp, Roger Ver, feds, and that guy bought way before.

You either sell it as a loser, or hodl long enough to become that guy.
Not many bought at $20k, that's why it dropped.
Yes, if you are speculating in cybercoin, you are speculating.
Maybe Zimbabwe dollar
Zimbabwe. At its highest, the hyperinflation there was like 500 billion percent or something.
It worked out better for me. If I went all-in when I started buying bitcoin, I would have a fraction of the btc I have now. Instead, my average $/BTC is very close to the current price, even though I started when it was well over double the current price.

I spend the same every week, but when the price is high, I'm not buying much. When it's low, I'm getting a lot. Yay math!
&gt; making money hand over fist

Bitcoin wasn't created to "make money," so perhaps you should do some research on the subject. 

&gt;Never happened. Any words of hesitation were downvoted and removed from the subs. 

Yes. It did. 

Things dont double from $4k to $8k in a month and then double again without common sense kicking in that "this isn't going to last"

It went from 10k to $20k in less than 30 days...
Yes, dollar cost averaging is more about managing human psychology than about managing money.  If you have a pile of cash in the bank, you are losing and you should invest it all.  But a pile of cash is psychologically safe and parting with it, with the chance that what you invested in suddenly dropping massively is psychologically bad.

But with DCA, if the market goes down, you think "now my next purchase is cheaper, so I win!".  If the market goes up, you think "now my previous purchase has earned, so I win!".  That manages your psychological fears and lets you convert a pile of cash to a pile of probably-will-earn-in-the-long-run assets.
You underestimate the power of greed and the lack of common sense in this subreddit.
Traditional investing isn't the same as throwing money at an incredibly speculative market.
Perhaps you over estimate it? Everyone who owns bitcoin looked at it with skepticism for a loooong time before buying it and believing it actually has long term value. 

The people that try to make money off of it get what they deserve when they get burned. 

Bitcoin merely needs to STORE VALUE long term (as many Venezuelans needed), not increase your standard of living.
Nobody gets excited about a store of value. Gold already does this, so do REIT. Buy $100 today so you can have the same value in 10 years! Most people aren't worried about the 2% they lose to inflation, that's chump change with minimal impact on your life. Most people are here for the money, not the tech. Nobody cares about being an early adopter if it doesn't benefit them in some way.
all hail to the market overlord.
One reason why stablecoins are great. But who knows how stable they'll be long term.
hanspanzer.am thoroughly awed with your reco book: The Bitcoin standard.many many lessons here brother.thanks.
You overestimate the Chinese, the amount of Chinese investors is relatively small compared the Chinese population, especially thanks to the kind of ban.

Americans and Europeans invested much more
&gt;And that's against the dollar, against the Venezuelan bolivar Bitcoin has never even seen a bear market.

That...is a sad fact :( 

&amp;#x200B;

Maduro has destroyed his country :(
&gt; But the market can definitely take it away

Sounds like someone doesn't understand the most basic thing about Bitcoin: it's better money. The market can temporarily make it worth fewer dollars, but Honeybadger DGAF.
What makes you think most people got in at those levels? If I had to guess (and I don't) I'd say very few people who got in at those levels stayed in, and those that hodl will see the same returns as those of us who were underwater from $500 a few years ago.
Exactly. It was literally only at that level for five minutes. Nobody bought there.
Speaking of this subreddit, what are you doing here? You don't like Bitcoin. Great! We get it! Don't buy it. Short it. Nobody here cares that you're jealous and will still be poor in a few years.

I don't like Arianna Grande, but I'm not pathetic enough to hang out on her sub all day telling her fans that they're stupid.
What does using "cybercoin" to move money across borders have to do with speculation? Anyone who has done it knows that cybercoin &gt;&gt; bankercoin
Dawg.  It’s a joke.  So you can take you 3 hundred bucks of bitcoin and enjoy your moon boy, fan boy life
Stay salty my friend. 

I'm a big fan of bitcoin and finance in general. That doesn't make me blind to all of the problems that crypto faces. #1 rule of investing is to not lose your money. You do that by being critical and not just following the hype. I want crypto to rise on fundamentals and not fraud. Hence why I talked shit about bitconnect when it was around and why I spoke out about the price when bitcoin was about to burst. 

I sold out at 15k+, so hardly jealous, how about you?
glad you like it :)
Read the message in OP? You just came to argue, so fuck off already. 

Venezuelans can't hold gold, Bitcoin is a better store of value.
If you bought some at $????, and bought it with the intent that the few hundred dollars of cyber coin, will someday be worth much more than you bought it at. That is speculation. 


If you bought cybercoin, to avoid inflation, or to hide wealth, hoping it retains it's value, it is not Speculation.
So nice of everyone to peg their personal avarice to a genuine human disaster.
Yes it is very nice of us to hold bitcoin and give it value while the people in this disaster get their money out.
You selfless humanitarian, you
Adults are talking honey. Outcomes matter, not intentions.
Should there be a comma in there, or is this a discussion for apiarists? Tell me more of your buzzy telos, adult.
So nice of Venezuela to show us that socialism is a disaster. It is always easier, entertaining, and more profitable to learn from the mistakes of others.
And turning peoples' misfortunes into an ideological lecture to boot! A portrait in smugness and naïveté
Why do you talk like that?
Those scum on r/lifejackets are even worse! Every sunken ship is an excuse for them to spam "everyone should have one".
Smug? Hell yes.

Naïve? No, I don't believe in socialism.
Bitcoin doesn't need selflessness. It thrives on greed and selfishness to accomplish good.
That bow you're drawing, it is long

Summary:
If you bought some at $???
Time in the market beats timing the market.
And that's against the dollar, against the Venezuelan bolivar Bitcoin has never even seen a bear market.
&gt; against the Venezuelan bolivar Bitcoin has never even seen a bear market.
&gt;And that's against the dollar, against the Venezuelan bolivar Bitcoin has never even seen a bear market.
Pack it up buys, nobodys making money.
Not many bought at $20k, that's why it dropped.
Yes it is very nice of us to hold bitcoin and give it value while the people in this disaster get their money out.
People shouldn't buy it with some expectation of making money or short term gains.
You could have bought at 10k and you're still a loser.
Yes, if you are speculating in cybercoin, you are speculating.
What makes you think most people got in at those levels?
I'm not sure *anything* has seen a bear market compared to the bolivar.
But the market can definitely take it away.
Venezuelans can't hold gold, Bitcoin is a better store of value.
