Original Response:
This happened about 40min ago. Also for context, I live in Australia, and have arachnophobia from a traumatic childhood experience involving floodwaters. 

As of tomorrow, I am going to be away from home, on an 8 day film shoot across the east coast of NSW. Each day is about a 14 hour day. Naturally, I decided to have a nice long relaxing shower before I left. 

About 4 mins into my planned 25min shower, I was midway through shampooing my hair when I felt something. Like a sixth sense something-ain’t-quite-right-here type of something. I look up above me, and to my HORROR, a black, eight-legged, piece-of-shit, shower-ruining, house spider dropping down its web towards me via the air vent.

Australian children are taught very young to stay away from spiders. It’s common knowledge that the black ones can cause extreme pain, seizures, death, so I know my daycare teachers would be proud seeing my 6’2, 91kg, naked male body glide through my sliding shower doors and onto the tile floor, covered in shampoo.

They’d be extra proud of me, without thinking, grabbing the toxic insect spray, and proceeding to blast the shower and spider, with a fallout cloud that would rival the scene from T2: Judgement Day. 

They would NOT be proud of me, however, of being so paranoid about seeing the spider die, that I stood in the enclosed, steamy room, inhaling the fumes to see it. It wasn’t until I realised my eyes were watering and I could smell a stinging sensation that I realised I had unintentionally gassed myself. 

So my naked, wet, bloodshot-eyed, dumbass attempted to run out of the bathroom, to escape dying via ALDI cheap bug spray. Attempted, because I then proceeded to trip over where the bathroom tile meets the kitchen tile, and promptly give myself a bloody nose. In the nude.

I have checked the label and the poison assures me the symptoms I experienced are the worst it’ll get. My nose is ok, the bleeding has stopped. And yes, the spider is dead.

TL;DR spider attacked, sprayed poison in the shower. Poison got in my face, fell over and gave myself a blood nose attempting to escape. 

EDITS: 
1. I live off tankwater, and being away for 8 days, I decided to have a longer shower than usual, because it’ll fill up. I’m normally a 4-6min guy.

2. Because people have asked, I’ve put in how I got my phobia in the comments.
[deleted]
Dooblepost! Also, grammar problem. But dooblepost!
I'm on mobile with a lie for unlimited data. It happens.
The wildlife here is no joke, you would definitely die playing with them.
If only you know how many nusiance gators I've removed... my job puts me in direct contact with nusiance, injured, and dangerous wildlife. I'm not just fucking around lol
I guessed as much, but, many wildlife professionals have barely survived encounters with our deadly creatures. It’s not so much the Crocs or even the Spiders. It’s the Snakes, Jellyfish, Octopus and occasionally Sharks.
I was joking though, Aussie humour can be pretty hard to detect in text though. Good on you for helping the injured deadly wildlife! Would love a job like that, but, after 26 years of dealing with Aussie wildlife I have had my fill of close encounters lol.
Like Steve Irwin
People downvote double posts so that they stay at the bottom. It's best if you delete this version and keep the other one, so that people don't have to keep downvoting it.
God that's so much work.
Yup and that was a Sting Ray, which are usually harmless, and unfortunately he did not survive.
Stories like these always makes me grateful to live in Sweden with my arachnophobia, sure, we have spiders, but only one venumous (poison?) species and we don't have particularly large ones either

Edit: spelling:)
Venomous if it bites/stings and that's what gets you. Poisonous if you eat it and that's what makes you sick/kills you.
Aaah, thank you! Then we have  one venomous typ of spider up here
We’re privileged in scandinavia
Yep. In Ireland we have no dangerous insects and it's feckin' great. No mosquitos or cockroaches or snakes or anything scary. I still get freaked out by our harmless spiders though.
And from my experience, no fuckin flies either.
Wait, there are no mosquitos in Ireland?!
Not a one.
Sorry to be that guy, but “venomous,” “species,” and “particularly.” 

Hope this helps! :)
That is so not fair. Goddammit Australia
I love it you're that guy -english is my second language and I really apreciate the fact you took your time to fix my spelling:) it helps, thank you!
Wait, what? No scary bugs? Is that real? How the fuck is that not in every travel advertisement ever? Are they hiring in Ireland?
No scary bugs, no scary animals at all, no natural disasters other than the occasional flood or storm. Also no extremes in weather, it never gets too hot or too cold. It does rain a lot though. If you can handle that, you're more than welcome!
Technically all spiders are venomous just the majority can't do much, I collect tarantulas and I can tell you I've had worse wasp stings than a bite from one of my new world species, so far there's been no confirmed deaths caused by a tarantula bite but certain species can cause a lot of pain.
I did not need to know that they're all venomous, iiiih!! 

But I do appreciate new knowledge, so thank you very much, kind Internet strange! :)
Wait, what? Vilken spindel är giftig?
No mosquitoes??? Holy hell I'm coming to Ireland!! I hate those little vampire bastards!
Is it true that their hairs can hurt you?
Wait, what... No spiders or mosquitoes or roaches? What's supposed to keep you guys hiding indoors at night then?
We have spiders. Just nothing that bites/stings and nothing too big, although still big enough to freak me out. Maybe the lack of dangerous creatures is what has us out drinking all night on such a regular basis...
No rabies either!
[deleted]
That's it. My black ass is moving to Ireland.
Looks like I'm moving to Ireland
Wait just a diddly darn minute. Are these spiders large? Brave? Ireland sounds like heaven but there has to be a catch.
Korsspindeln är giftig, men  jag tror inte att den är såpass giftig att man kan dö, om man inte har kraftigt nedsatt immunförsvar då..
No our spiders are pretty wimpy and usually small. I don't think it rains this much in heaven though.
Welp, I'm on my way to Ireland then! Need any bench jewelers over there? lol
The catch: only two seasons.  Bright winter and dark winter.
Yea, sure. [We're big into jewelery]  (www.blarney.com/history-of-celtic-jewelry/)
Alla spindlar (förutom något undantag) är "giftiga" men knappt någon kan påverka en människa för att vi har tjock hud och deras gift är gjorda för små insekter inte 80kg stora djur.
"Hurt" is a strong word for it, I personally only get really itchy and watery eyes or some minor breathing difficulties, I'm not sure how someone with allergies would react to it. I've never seen any issues arise from a tarantula kicking urticating hairs aside from it being annoying. I have heard in really extreme cases it can cause temporary blindness but it's not for very long. Also I've only had one tarantula in my own collection kick hairs at me before, my experience with urticating hairs has mostly been while viewing someone else's collection.
.... aren't there peat bogs that can swallow people and horses and thing whole?
Eh...there are bog holes. My friend's little brother fell into one once and it was hilarious. We pulled him out eventually. Never known anyone to die in one.
I'm inspired
So what if someone has a phobia of potatoes?
Those people aren't welcome here.
The fuck? Is that while all the snakes left?
Think I might need to move to Ireland not just because of everything you mentioned but to also try and track down my family’s history since I can’t seem to find any records going farther back than the 1820-1840s.   

And the info I do have that goes farther back is more just confirmed rumors, stories, and some records but not sure how directly related it all is to my family name and history.
Ah, ok!
This is dangerous.  When you start feeling safe from spiders is when they come for you.    
I was once greatful Belgium doesn't have wierd spiders.    
Until I was cleaning my mom's house as a child, and wanted to toss some old paper in the stove (the kind of stove that is in the living room, burns on wood, and warms the house).    
I opened the lid and there was a big yellow spider, and a black-red spider.    
I calmly closed the lid, and went to my mom to tell her about it.    
I forgot the incident, probably blacked it out like a trauma thing.    
I asked her about it few years ago: Do you remember the spiders in the stove when I was a child?  How did you solve that, did you have to call someone.    
She said: No I opened the lid, screamed a bit, closed the lid, and just put fire in the stove, that solved the issue.    
I asked her if they were as big as I remember, especially the yellow one.    
She said: yes, I think the yellow was the size of a small woman's hand, spiderlegs included.  The red-black one was a lot smaller.    
To this day, I have no idea what kind of spiders they were, but I've never felt safe from spiders in Belgium again :(
https://www.memecenter.com/fun/1937829/most-dangerous-animals 

meme most appropriate for this
Hey! Those rabbits can be really vicious when cornered.
So they fling their hairs when they’re bothered or something?
Sold
Basically yes, it's a defense mechanism meant to get predators with sensitive sensory organs to leave them alone examples being coyotes raccoons monkeys etc
Unfortunately, there was a fire during the civil war in 1922 that destroyed many Irish historical records. So, it'll probably be difficult to find much on Irish ancestors...
I grew up in Dublin but family is from Laois. One time when we were all quite young, Dad and uncle took us and the cousins for a walk round the woods. At one point we were walking round the edge of the woods, through a field with cattle. One of the cows started walking towards my younger brother. Brother got really scared and decided to run. Towards the trees. Turns out the very edge of the field near the trees was literal bog. He sank straight in, and started screaming bloody murder. My uncle pulled him out, his shoes got sucked right off him. I’ve never seen my dad laugh so hard as that day!
I guess I will be moving to Ireland!
Yea, that’s what I heard too.  

It sucks, especially knowing my family could be descended from one of four branches of the same clan, with each branch being directly related to old kings, their knights, stablemasters, and/or servants/warriors.
Wait, no mosquitoes? I honestly didn't even know that was possible except places where it's frozen most of the year. This time of year I can't even go to the car in the morning without having to swat away the mosquitoes that followed me in the car and driving away in terror.
Right, I'm so happy us Swedes don't have  spiders the size of your hands, but it's still no fun to have one crawling on you when you're about to sleep (didn't sleep in my bed for five days)!
Well it's too cold in Ireland for them right now but give global warming another decade or so and we're told we'll have them.
Well, I mean, you only need to go back to the 13th century and we're all related anyway so that probably is the case.
I figured.  

I just want more definite proof if possible cuz it’s fucking cool as hell with everything I’ve learned about my family.  

Shit, there’s even a painting of the Queen of England (can’t remember which one atm) meeting with an ancestor of mine, to sign a treaty cuz he stirred up enough shit to force her hand.
And this is why it has been my lifelong dream to meet and marry an Irish man and move to Ireland...that and the beautiful accent y’all speak with !!  (Sssshhhhh, don’t tell my fiancé, though!!)
No, hells no they are not! Or a big one in the shower... or one of those jumpy bastards. Or those disguisting källarspindlarna. Haha noice swenglish over here
Visited Ireland two years ago, drove all around the country, didn’t notice about the bugs and such but 10/10 would move there.
Yeah but what about all the priests
We actually have hardly any of those now. They're sending us priest missionaries from South America, the Philippines and Africa now because we're gone all heathen and aren't making our own anymore.
Jezus that's awful! Spiders in the shower are one of my biggest fears (besides an axe murderer coming to kill me in there.) 

My husband and kids just spray them down the drain.. you know, like normal, logical people would. But like you, I gotta make a run for it. My go-to is to run and jump onto the toilet. From there I'll either scream for help, or if I'm alone, create a battle plan to kill that mother fucker.
Not spider related but, a friend of mine sent me a text over the summer (Works outdoors at varying sites for underground cables) saying his worst nightmare had happened that day.  That he was using a Honeybucket and a wasp fell out of the toilet paper and down into his pants that were around his ankles.
Oh... Oh no... *shudder*
But what if the itsy bitsy spiders climb up the water spout and kills you all in revenge?
What I hate about shower spiders is that they always look 2x to 3x bigger than they really are if I don't have my contacts in. I always shower first thing in the morning, so of course no contacts yet. The bastards know what they are doing. Eight legged bastards from hell.
Argh, wasp are such ass holes.

One time in high school I was eating outside at a picnic table during lunch, and suddenly this dude at the next table over started flipping out, like punching the table and grunting and then he spit a big glunk of chewed sandwich onto his table. There crawling around in the sandwich glunket was a yellow jacket. The little shit stung him in his mouth multiple times.
Is a honeybucket like a portajohn?
Exactly... you gotta either poison them or physically crush them if you want any assurance... those assholes don't drown or freeze. Although like most organisms they will perish in boiling hot water, but the hot water of a shower is not that.
You thought spiders are bad? Wait until you meet one of these fuckers. They make even the most terrifying species of spiders look like fucking angels in comparison.
[removed]
r/wasphating
That’s it. I’m never eating, sleeping, bathing, or wearing clothes again.

Summary:
Looks like I'm moving to Ireland.
Wait, there are no mosquitos in Ireland?
I guess I will be moving to Ireland!
But like you, I gotta make a run for it.
Wait, what... No spiders or mosquitoes or roaches?
No, hells no they are not!
I still get freaked out by our harmless spiders though.
Wait until you meet one of these fuckers.
The bastards know what they are doing.
I don't think it rains this much in heaven though.
My black ass is moving to Ireland.
It’s not so much the Crocs or even the Spiders.
I'm not just fucking around lol.
I did not need to know that they're all venomous, iiiih!!
Then we have  one venomous typ of spider up here.
Venomous if it bites/stings and that's what gets you.
TL;DR spider attacked, sprayed poison in the shower.
Holy hell I'm coming to Ireland!!
Yea, that’s what I heard too.
And yes, the spider is dead.
I asked her if they were as big as I remember, especially the yellow one.
