Original Response:
Beat me by 4 seconds! 

Anywho, this is pretty interesting.  I expected a good deal of the swing to have been knee jerk reactions 

Also 

Preferred PM  (ScoMo +9)
https://twitter.com/GhostWhoVotes/status/1038752755999887360?s=09

Primary Votes (LNP + 1, ALP +1, PHON -1) https://twitter.com/GhostWhoVotes/status/1038769149139288064?s=09
the PPM is really interesting. +9 votes to ScoMo is huge but -3 to Shorten is surprising. Weirdly Shorten has also gained +5 approval rating.
I don't understand the swing to Morrison. He's legit done nothing but wear a cap and those stupid Aussie flags
It seems like the leadership results were knee jerk, but over all people are done with the Liberals as a party. Be prepared to see this result narrow even more as the election campaign rolls around, when people realise Bill Shorten is more charismatic than Morrison.
Maybe they are LNP voters getting behind the new leader?
I find it hilarious LNP gets 2PP with a less popular PM
how the hell is Morrison winning the preferred PM now?
Incumbent advantage is a pretty powerful effect in PPM polling
Maybe more people know his name now?
This is the most logical conclusion.

LNP voters went "tut-tut" for a week or two, but now are behind Morrison. But the 56-44 shows the casual LNP voter and swing voter have left the building.
Westie idiots who think because he supports NRL must make him a good PM 

Legit:one ladie said she had no idea who scott was but because he supports the sharks that must make him a good bloke..people like that are too ignorant to be trusted with a vote at the ballots
this lady "For Mazz Parker and her daughter Ellie, one element stood out above everything else.

"I don't follow politics and all that," she said. "All I know is he's a Sharks supporter, and that means he's a bloody good bloke to me."
Frankly im fucking over this shit.

OH BILL SHORTENS SHIT cause he has no charisma...FUCKING GOOD..maybe we need a dull PM for a while who will just shut the fuck up and do policy like they are elected for.

Being PM should not be about who u like the best cause they go for ur team or are rich,u vote for the policys not the man

I don't care if the PM was some My little pony colecting fruitcake,as long as his policys are good for australians and i don't see the dolls who the fuck cares
Look at his opposite number.  Bill Shorten is not well liked.   He's like the Bill Hayden of 2018 except I think people liked Bill Hayden!
The PM almost always wins the preferred PM ranking unless the leader of the opposition is incredibly popular or the PM is extremely unpopular. It doesn't mean much or tell you much. 2 party preferred predicts election results.
Because Shorten is incredibly unpopular in the electorate.  

This is a serious issue for Labor right now.  He could blame the advantage of incumbency for trailing Turnbull, but against Morrison the only real explanation is that he is genuinely disliked.

Targeting Shorten in the election campaign is now the one viable strategy the Libs have left.  If Morrison can get the 2PP back to 53-47 or so before the campaign starts the ALP are going to be in real trouble.

Morrison was good enough to mount a successful three year long leadership strategy while keeping his hands clean and without too many people spotting it, so it's not out of the realms for him to be good enough to make enough ground to make the election winnable.

Anyone who thinks the next election is a foregone conclusion is not paying attention.
What the actual? Some people don't have brains
She would've said that if he followed any team other than Manly.
Adding to this, during the whole leadership spat the ABC ran vox pops about who people would like to see as PM. One woman said Julie Bishop because "She dresses really well."

[That says enough on its own. This is the only thing I have to add.](https://youtu.be/AanHUqe2QJc)
[deleted]
heres the actual quote.

For Mazz Parker and her daughter Ellie, one element stood out above everything else.

"I don't follow politics and all that," she said. "All I know is he's a Sharks supporter, and that means he's a bloody good bloke to me."


This lady should have no right to vote let's be honest,that is not a  proper reason to elect someone,you elect them on their history and policys not on the  fucking team they go for

This is how we have got to where we are,an  apathetic  voting populace that doesn't know it's own system
This, people know about him now, just like they know about dutton now too.
Yep.

when i went to vote  last time a local here said they voting for malcom becuase he was rich so must be smart.

Lol.

Then you have idiots like the guy in my old elecotrate who refuses to vote labor because he thinks they will  cease his cattle to cut greenhouse emissions,uhhmmm what

every year i think more and more that being able to vote should come with a test to prove you understand the person or persons you vote for and their policys.
Yeah, I think there's an element of 'I don't know who Scott Morrison is but he's the PM so he must be doing something right'.
This is ur average voter though,the times that i see some dude on 36k a year  penalty rates who then votes liberal which is  universally against improving their lives  i cry.

Then you just have ppl who don't care like young kids who say stupid shit like they are all the same so im going to donkey vote,then 4 years later cry about why they get fuck all
In *any* polling. The 'sophomore surge' is very real and as the saying goes, oppositions don't get voted in so much as governments get voted out. 

What it shows in PPM is that being PM literally makes you become preferred PM. This measure is a framework for confirmation bias. It only matters when the PM is losing, and when that is happening, they are doing something gravely wrong that probably actually transcends the PM anyway.
Man, they really don't like Shorty, do they?

Not that I'm fussed. I ~~vote for~~ give my preference to political parties, not individuals. 

It's the party that calls the shots, ultimately. That's who has the power. These people who think we're voting for Prime Minister on election day are using the system wrong. It's not a presidential system.  Stop watching American tv.
Coincidentally Tony Abbott backs Manly
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahhhhhhhhhhhhh i ran out of a's
Laugh away.  Want to guess how many people laughed over the past couple of years when I was adamant that Morrison would be the next PM?

Morrison is exactly the person the country doesn't need in charge.  He is a Machiavellian happy clapper who will adopt any posture if it means accomplishing his personal goals.

Unfortunately, he is also the best political operator the Libs have had since Howard.  He is a genuine threat to the ALP, especially as he seems to have been forgiven by the Dutton media fans.
As much as the libs would like you to believe otherwise, a PM winning preferred PM isn't unusual. In fact an opposition leader winning preferred PM is a very bad sign for a government.
Yes, that's pretty much it. It's also why the sitting PM generally wins the PPM over the Opposition Leader.
He'll need to do better than 53-47 prior to the campaign. Whilst I'll concede there's a first time for everything, I'd also add that no government has ever come back from being in deficit for so long in the history of Australian political polls.

A good chunk of the electorate has made up their minds and are waiting for the election with brickbats in hand.
yep. the electorate has tuned out from the conservatives. 

they don't care that shorten is "incredibly unpopular"

there is a saying in aussie politics - oppositions are not voted in. governments are voted out. 

thats what will be happening.
I think you're bang on the ALP shouldn't be complacent, but the LNP has thrown everything at Shorten since 2013 (including royal commissions) and it hasn't stuck. People don't like Shorten but they don't think he's the devil, and he's been around long enough for them to have made their mind up about that
I agree. Scott Morrison is one of the strongest communicators in AusPol right now. He could turn it around with enough time and the right messaging. At present, all he’s done is rebrand himself as “daggy suburban dad” and dump unpopular policies.

Once he starts making election commitments, that’s when we’ll see if he really has the ability to turn the Governments prospects around.
I don't doubt he's Machiavellian and clever, but no such genius would've bided his time til he had a matter of months to use his great powers to dig his party out of a deep electoral hole it spent 5 years slithering into. I think he's just a scrapper who saw an opening and  crawled into it. But time will tell if I'm wrong and you're right I guess!
He's been a lacklustre Treasurer, and shown that without being able to control the message, he gets himself into trouble. The media may cover for him to a degree, but we'll have to see if they can successfully rebrand him into a winning position.
[removed]
[removed]
According to yesterday's paper he was rambling some nonsensical strawman culture war shit about schoolkids not being allowed to put on Christmas plays any more. The hard-hitting issues that people care about - not trivial nonsense like jobs, health, climate change, housing affordability...
[removed]

Summary:
"I don't follow politics and all that," she said.
how the hell is Morrison winning the preferred PM now?
I don't understand the swing to Morrison.
Bill Shorten is not well liked.
they don't care that shorten is "incredibly unpopular"

there is a saying in aussie politics - oppositions are not voted in.
This, people know about him now, just like they know about dutton now too.
He's like the Bill Hayden of 2018 except I think people liked Bill Hayden!
I ~~vote for~~ give my preference to political parties, not individuals.
[That says enough on its own.
Man, they really don't like Shorty, do they?
