Original Response:
I’m a 42M and married for 9 years to a very beautiful woman. Before marrying my wife I was a serial monogamist but had a very healthy and adventurous sex life with my previous partners. I miss that so much you have no idea. With previous partners there was always a mutual burning desire. I’ve had spontaneous sex on the kitchen floor, done oral in an airplane, and even in the open air in the woods. I’m also really into sexy lingerie, anal toys and more.  What I miss most though is just the constant flirting and play.

But my wife thinks sex is dirty and wishes that it didn’t exist.  We do have sex, maybe once every three months.  But she always has to initiate by asking “Do you want sex?”. If I ask or initiate the answer is always no.  When we do have sex I inevitably go down on her for at least 30 minutes which she seems to really enjoy (and so do I)  and then we have intercourse for about 2 minutes because when you have sex once every 3 months its kind of difficult to have any stamina.  We have wonderful kids and a great family. I love my wife and my family very much and don’t want to do anything deceitful or hurt her in any way, but I don’t know how much longer I can take this. I don’t feel like I am being myself, because I have to almost hide my fantasies and desires. 

I have tried talking to her about this in the past, but her response is that she enjoys it when we do it but that usually she doesn’t want to do it. She refuses to consider adding sex toys or wearing sexy lingerie. It wouldn’t even be so bad if she wasn’t so hot!  She says I should just masturbate when I need to, and that’s fine for temporary release of frustration but I still feel very empty without the intimacy, sensuality and eroticism in my life. 

Edit: Adding this point because a few people are asking: we had plenty of sex before and just after we got married (about 6 months after), so I had no idea I would have to basically give up sex in the future. 

I’m certain I’m not the only guy out there with this problem. I’m curious to hear any advice. Thanks. 

September 21: I have been thinking a lot about everyone’s comments and suggestions from yesterday. Thanks so much for the overwhelming response. I think most people have a need to be desired, some love to please others, and some just like receiving pleasure. My wife is very self confident and does not seem to have any need to feel desired, and while she enjoys seeing our kids happy, it is usually through doing something that she likes. She won’t do something for the kids that would make them happy if she didn’t like it. I think that translates to our sex life. I love pleasing my partner (and I don’t only mean sexually) but she doesn’t have that.

I will try talking with her, but I think there is an attitude toward sex that may not change. Before getting married I used to photograph nude models (artistic), and I also bought some erotic charcoal sketches in Europe from a gallery. One day we were cleaning out the basement and we came across these items and she said “wow you were obsessed.” So I said “What do you mean ‘were’? I still am.”  To which she replied “It’s not something to be proud of.”
If my wife wished sex didn't exist, I would wish my marriage didn't exist, and truly make it so.
But what if you loved your wife and kids and your time as a family more than sex?
Life is to short to live without sex.  I would try making it work, but if my wife only gave little sex, I'd walk.
Thats shallow as fuck. Sorry bug if my wife was having intercourse problems, maybe even cant have sex anymore, it does not mean i walk out on her like i was there just for he body.
You'll get resentful, which will effect your family life. IMO, if she isn't even willing to admit that it's a problem for you and won't talk about it, that shows a complete lack of respect for you by her.
There's a big difference between being unable to have sex and being unwilling to have sex because you think it's dirty.
Maybe she isnt as kinky as op wants her to be. Regardless sex isnt the goal of marriage, you stay with that person for better or for worse. They have issues they need tp resolve, but the line for divorce should never be sex. . . . . You marry the psrson, the body touching is extra.
This is bullshit. People have needs. Sex is important. Part of being a person is your sexuality. A partner that doesn't care about your sexuality doesn't care about you. At that point you're doing yourself and them a favor by leaving them. 

And please, "For better or worse"? You have to stay with someone no matter how much they ignore or disrespect you? Fuck that.
You are making this topic a littlw too broad. Op is not being disrespectfed nor mistreated. She just doesnt wnt it. She might as well be asexual. Women that go theough menopause might as well be asexual. Where does the line cross for you? Immediately? Do you not go to therapy first? Do you not have long heart to hearts for some weeks? You just instantpy rhrow in the towel because youre not getting punani?
Wow, I can't believe you said this on this sub without being MASSIVELY downvoted. 


People here seem to think no sex = no marriage. It's fucking weird. There's SO much more to a relationship than sex. I know i'd sacrifice sex if I was with someone I truly loved. Just masturbate, Christ.
&gt;Just masturbate, Christ.

For a lot of us, there is a massive difference between masturbation and sex. It's more than just an orgasm. Sex is a bonding experience for most people. It literally makes the brain release oxytocin, a bonding chemical.

For a lot of us, sex is a major part of the bond we feel with our partners.

Unfortunately, he's one of us, and his wife is one of you. Apparently, he's willing to give up sex versus break up his marriage :/
You haven't read. She's repeatedly shut down attempts to discuss the issue, resists counseling. This has been raised multiple times over years.

She refused to attempt to empathize with OP. Sex isn't important to her. That's fine. But it's important to him. But she doesn't care.

She doesn't have to have sex with him. She won't allow him to have sex with someone else, though.

So to be married to her, he has to give up sex entirely. 

Considering how important it is to him, I would argue that that is disrespect and mistreatment.
&gt;" Apparently, he's willing to give up sex versus break up his marriage :/ "



Well...Good. I personally think it would be a really bad idea to break up your marriage (that's otherwise perfect) just because you don't get as much sex as you want. 



To me that's actual insanity. I mean, it's quite easy to find someone to have sex with, it's almost impossible to find your soulmate, the person you love and are willing to spend the REST OF YOUR LIFE with, the person you want to hang out with more than anyone else in the world, the person you share all your secrets and insecurities with. 




To me, that bond is 10000% more important that bumping uglies, lol. Sex is cheap. Love is hard to find. That's how I see it anyway.
I see sex as too big a sacrifice under pretty much any circumstances. 

If I were to guess, I'd say that if your SO asked you to give up porn (pretend you use it), you'd do it for them, right?

I'm one of those people who would not only flatly refuse to give it up, but would dump them for trying to violate my bodily autonomy.

At my core, I believe that all of us should be our own first priority. You can't take care of anyone if you're not taking care of yourself.

Resigning yourself to a lifetime of unhappiness with a partner who knows you're really unhappy, refuses to talk about it, and doesn't care is NOT taking care of yourself to me.

We are just built differently.
&gt;"I'm one of those people who would not only flatly refuse to give it up, but would dump them for trying to violate my bodily autonomy."



Wooooow. That's so rash! Lol, not trying to be rude! That's just really surprising. Yes, we're VERY different. I do watch porn sometimes, but I'd certainly give it up if it made my partner uncomfortable or sad (and I loved them, lol). 



&gt;"Resigning yourself to a lifetime of unhappiness with a partner who knows you're really unhappy"


See, this is where we differ. I am NOT "unhappy" just because I haven't had sex. If I was with the person I loved, I'd be happy, regardless of weather we have sex recently or not. That's real love IMO. No conditions. Just pure love. My loved ones are a priority over EVERYTHING. Especially silly (to me) things like sex. If I'm horny, I'll masturbate. It's not anyone else problem that I'm horny, It's mine. 


&gt;"We are just built differently."



Yes. Very different!!! But wouldn't it be boring if we were all the same? Good thing we're not dating, HA!
&gt; That's real love IMO. No conditions. Just pure love.

.

&gt;My loved ones are a priority over EVERYTHING.

It's your version of love -- and I dig it! The trick is, I love ME more than anyone. And loving ME means being happy, and being with someone who wants me to be happy.

My ex had a problem with me using porn and demanded I give it up. I refused and dumped her. My current SO doesn't mind my porn, and I don't mind her vibrator. Her ex did, though.

In both cases, we left people we loved because we loved ourselves enough to look for people we could be happy with. And we found each other.

If you have to give up something important to you for someone, you're forcing a relationship to work in spite of an incompatibility.

I prioritize having a happy relationship over making a relationship work.

When I told my mom about the ex months later. She said:

&gt;She got mad at WHAT?! Fuck that, that bitch crazy. You dumped her ass, right?!

I suppose it's how I was brought up!
[deleted]
Hahaha that’s really funny you say that how you were brought up, because  that’s how I was brought up too - and that’s why I’m like this! I was brought up to fuck off anyone who slightly inconvenienced me. Then I was left with no one! Lol. I figured you have to be a bit more patient. 



I mean, I also love myself more than anyone else. I don’t think many people love other more than themselves. That’s mental. 





&gt; If you have to give up something important to you for someone, you're forcing a relationship to work in spite of an incompatibility.






This is the ONLY thing we disagree on, that sex is “important”. It think it’s not, you think it is. Otherwise everything you’ve said I agree with and do exactly the same. 





&gt; I prioritize having a happy relationship over making a relationship work.



Lol. So do I? I wouldn’t be with someone if I wasn’t happy. 




The only thing we disagree on is the importance of sex, really. For you it’s very important in a relationship. For me it’s really not at all. There are WAY more important factors. As I said before, I can go find sex at any bar or club. An actual fulfilling, loving relationship is so much more important to me. Sex is just a bonus.
I'm like you. Don't listen to these people who tell you to get divorced. You love your wife, you love your family. You just need to sort this one issue out. Divorce is a crappy answer.
&gt;I was brought up to fuck off anyone who slightly inconvenienced me. Then I was left with no one! Lol. I figured you have to be a bit more patient.

Ahh, I was a bit more toward the middle. Be good to people, be patient, but if someone crosses you or violates in a major way, you get rid of them.

&gt;This is the ONLY thing we disagree on, that sex is “important”. It think it’s not, you think it is. Otherwise everything you’ve said I agree with and do exactly the same. 

It seems that way! On the other side of it, I can't imagine requiring my SO to be monogamous to me if I knew they were sexually unsatisfied.
If you desire sex with an unwilling partner you can't really use the sex as a bonding experience. I highly doubt most people see sex as a bonding experience when the majority of Male whiners have no issue accepting starfish sex with a clearly unwilling wife/gf doing it to shut him up. It is just about sexual release which can be achieved via masturbation. The only reason these types want sex over maaturbation is because they feel they are getting cheating by having a partner who doesn't have sex.
I have read, i just dont think its as seriously as youre putting it though. I wont jump to divorce ever unlesa i have her side. You make valid points but i just wont say it because its very soon. If op wants to feel loved, he doesnt nees sex regardless how much he wants it. He wants pleasure, hes chasing an orgasm not a relationship strengthening experience. He can be just as disrespectful and mistreating as his wife, we sont know because again here we only have his side whining specifically about only being fucked once every 3 months. Why doesnt he wander to r/deadbedrooms where they have more expertise?
"At my core, i believe that all pf us should be our own first priority" 

Well im the complete opposite. Im the last person i would rather be thinking about. Everything i do is for the good of society or the person in front of me. In the end im able to benefit off of that. You getting married a d using sex as a dealbreaker means you shouldnt have gotten married in the first place. How do you explain that to your kids in the future? Just creating some more human beings with a "i got mines" mentality?
Hahahaha!

I'm not getting married or having kids. Problem solved!
No.
No.
Hahaha! You have no right to be making the comments you are making. Especially if you dont ever want to be in ops position.
[removed]
I think that is totally true. Since sex isn’t important to her, and doesn’t understand that some people actually need it, then she doesn’t respect that I have a problem that needs to be addressed.  As of now I think I love my wife and kids too much to allow my resentment over lack of sex to affect the family but I don’t know how bad it will get years from now. Hopefully we can resolve this sooner than that.
Ohh lmk if being petty wins you anything in life.
It won me this discussion ;)
Thats cute. Didnt know i could win something when im talking about someone elses life.
You didn't. **I** did.  

You know what else is cute? Your username. Seriously, its a *Ferris Bueller* reference, yea? Or *Doug*?
Hey man good luck to you and what ever you are going through and im sorry for what you have gone through to make you act this way. Im not here playing the same game you are. So im moving on.
Bye!
Thanks. I agree. What my wife and I have in the family that we have in the life we have built is absolutely amazing and I would regret it for the rest of my life if I were to leave it all behind in search of a better sex life. I cannot even imagine the thought of doing that. At the same time,My daily desire for intimacy, sensuality, and fulfillment of my own erotic desires keeps me from being who I am, and who I know I could be. We are very close couple, and so I think I just need to figure out the right way to get the message to her that this is extremely important to me.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
You are putting an awful lot of words in OP's mouth there. How do you know that he's "chasing and orgasm not a relationship"? Are you insinuating that OP should just go without sex for the rest of his life because relatiobships? You sound like you have a personal axe to grind here.

Summary:
She doesn't have to have sex with him.
Sex isn't important to her.
I think that translates to our sex life.
People here seem to think no sex = no marriage.
You love your wife, you love your family.
Sex is a bonding experience for most people.
I refused and dumped her.
I don’t think many people love other more than themselves.
There's SO much more to a relationship than sex.
But what if you loved your wife and kids and your time as a family more than sex?
I'm not getting married or having kids.
It think it’s not, you think it is.
But it's important to him.
The only thing we disagree on is the importance of sex, really.
So to be married to her, he has to give up sex entirely.
I personally think it would be a really bad idea to break up your marriage (that's otherwise perfect) just because you don't get as much sex as you want.
If my wife wished sex didn't exist, I would wish my marriage didn't exist, and truly make it so.
You can't take care of anyone if you're not taking care of yourself.
I miss that so much you have no idea.
Then I was left with no one!
My loved ones are a priority over EVERYTHING.
For you it’s very important in a relationship.
She won't allow him to have sex with someone else, though.
That's how I see it anyway.
I mean, I also love myself more than anyone else.
