Original Response:
Should have just hit the dog.  An animal isn't worth risking your life over.
Wouldn't you have a pretty good chance of falling off if you hit the dog though? I can see that logic for like a squirrel or groundhog, but it seems like you'd be better off trying to stop than hit something that large.
Its a tougher decision on a bike as even a medium size dog would be enough to take the bike out.  In a car its a little more cut a dry.  Im not risking swerving into another lane and hitting someone else or going into the ditch for any animal.
Wheelie
Stupid post. 

He shed 98% of his forward speed braking as he did, then hit the ground. Choosing to hit the dog would almost certainly result in a get off but at a much higher speed.
Groundhog? Sorry that just seems weird to compare a squirrel to for me in SoCal.
Bunny hop it
Well, yes and no. There is no time to plan those things in situations like that. The basic instinct should always be to take as much speed off as possible by doing a controlled emergency stop. Ideally, you can avoid locking the wheels and dumping the bike. But every fraction of a km/h you can take off makes the end result better.
Well, yeah.  But if he'd have read his instruction manual, he'd have known to give big space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway.  He didn't even tootle his horn vigorously.
To be perfectly honest a dog being walked off leash isn't worth enough to their owner for me to feel bad if I hit it.
And there lurks the skid demon
You’re a better man than I.  If I was on my new(ish) Harley, I would have flattened that stupid animal.
That's my mindset. If you don't leash your dog, you clearly just see them as property or whatever to the point that you don't care if they run off and never come back.

So yeah if someone's dog was unleashed and there's no indication that it was supposed to be (no frantic leash holding owner chasing after, which happens to me sometimes) then I'm not gonna feel bad if your dog gets creamed on the road.

You chose to be stupid
&gt; even a medium size dog would be enough to take the bike out

[Eh, I wouldn't say that...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BlMqjg_zNSk)
I ran over a groundhog that came running out of nowhere this summer... maybe 30/40mph, it felt like a really small bump with no deflection or anything. Considering this, I think a 500lbs bike + 220lbs rider in a straight line at 30/40mph with all the gyroscopic force would pass straight over any &lt;90lbs dogs without much loss of stability...

Breaking or taking a curve while doing something else makes everything more complicated and/or dangerous.
I tend to do that but also try to change trajectory a bit, avoiding as much as possible target fixation: looking where I want to get instead of the danger.

 Car in front suddenly brakes? I also brake and head for the shoulder of the road for more leeway and to not get rear ended while doing and the impromptu Bosch ABS tech demo. A motorcycle is narrow, you can dodge obstacles as much as can stop before them.
Hitting a dog on a motorcycle = crashing. There's also a video of that happening, and it causes a guy to almost get squished by an oncoming semi truck...

What really should have happened is the asshole with the dog should have his silly ass dog on a leash, especially since it apparently doesn't fear traffic...
Well, if you WOT then you raise your front and transfer more energy into the dog, hopefully spliting it and keeping your axle above the vast majority of its mass.  

50/50 chance you don't eat the road.
You could also potentially bend your forks hitting a 50 lb dog at the right speed. That aside it really wasn't one of those situations that allowed for a lot of time to consider your options. If something relatively large jumps out in front of you.. most people will just get on those brakes as fast as possible. I think the slight fairing damage and a non-dead dog is the best outcome, considering he could have bent his forks and killed the dog and possibly lost control at a higher speed. "Possibly" ..I'm not a motorcycle scientist
When I was in my MSF class they mentioned a story where a Honda Goldwing cut a deer in half because he hit the throttle a little to lighten the front going pretty fast, kept the bike upright i guess. Point being the MSF people told our class to just hit the animal and do not be decelerating on impact so you don't go ass over tea kettle. Lots of deer hit by motorcycles in Montana unfortunately lost someone I knew to it. Scary shit animals running out.
I love dogs, but if your dog is stupid enough to chase cars then it has it coming.
&gt;alphamale968
I've hit a badger when I was doing around 50mph and it was like hitting a boulder. Would not recommend.
It was a decent outcome for sure! But I’m bit surprised by the general focus on braking in the comments, target fixation is totally ignored. 

Fight, flight or freeze! 

A motorcycle is narrow and change direction quickly, when I do an emergency braking, I also try to dodge the obstacle. A car in front of me suddenly brake and I might not make it in time or could be rear ended even if I do: let’s go for the shoulder or some lane splitting. Focusing more on where it is safe than where the danger is. 

That said, the rider in this video (freeze) probably could have turn in the left lane behind the white SUV (flight) or just run over it like heartless bastard (fight)
This is why I Reddit!    Mustachioed german dude ramming a dead deer with his dual sport motorcycle, awesome!
Doubtful. I've hit dogs, deer, people, rabbits, etc, granted all of that was on a dirtbike, during a race, but I think the extra weight of a street bike would only help you maintain your momentum and direction of travel. I've seen a lot of videos of people hitting various animals and the ones who try to stop (and still make contact) are the ones who go down, but the ones who either don't react at all or get on the gas to lighten the front end are the ones who get out of it. If the key to crossing a 2 foot tall solid log is to get the front end up, a 1 foot tall squishy animal is only going to be easier!
[deleted]
[deleted]
[removed]
Life isn't a cartoon; that would never work.
I mean, he was Spiderman
How would ABS help?  It looks like he just lost his balance

Its pretty hard to lock the front wheel up on a sportbike braking in a straight line like that.  ABS would have done pretty much nothing unless it was the more advanced kind that keeps you from doing a stoppie.
He lost balance because his front wheel locked up, which wouldn't happen with ABS.
I think this sub has a post from a few days ago giving a side by side of ABS vs Non ABS
Not really applicable to the situation.  Braking in a straight line on dry pavement, you'll have a hard time locking the tire before you go over the bars.  ABS wouldn't help.

This guy didn't lock a tire, he just fell over when he stopped.
Really doesn't look like it locked up, there wasn't a washout
Abs also helps with stability. You can see how bouncy it got at the end. ABS would help in any situation
Abs won't do anything unless you're locking a tire
Did this rider lock a tire
Doesn't look like it.  Looks like they did a stoppie and Lost their balance.
Watch is in slow motion, he nearly comes to a complete stop and loses balance. 

The bike literally just tips over and lays there, it didn't have enough forward momentum to continue sliding.

Summary:
ABS would help in any situation.
Hitting a dog on a motorcycle = crashing.
Should have just hit the dog.
Car in front suddenly brakes?
He lost balance because his front wheel locked up, which wouldn't happen with ABS.
Abs also helps with stability.
Looks like they did a stoppie and Lost their balance.
Choosing to hit the dog would almost certainly result in a get off but at a much higher speed.
Really doesn't look like it locked up, there wasn't a washout.
