Original Response:
[removed]
I won't wash my hair after 10pm when everyone has gone into their rooms because it's too close to 12 am and if I close my eyes, Bloody Mary will come out of the mirror and get me hahaha. Sadly I'm not joking :( 

Edit: downvoted for being afraid of the dark... sorry for offending you with my anxiety!!
I swear 2 years ago this was me. I can trick myself into believing this stuff so hard! That’s why I hate haunted houses. I absolutely love horror movies and Halloween, all things spooky, but can’t do the real life freaky shit cause my mind tricks me into thinking it’s real.
I am terrified of baths for an equally silly reason. I'm afraid of getting electrocuted with a toaster. 

There is an episode of Psych that has a girl die because someone drops a toaster in her bathtub through a window and electrocuted her. 

Now, even with a bathtub with no windows and a door closed and lock, I still find baths very scary. I feel too vulnerable. Showers are fine though.
Omg I thought I was the only one traumatized by that episode
You're not alone!! I'm more afraid a serial killer is going to break through the door though, I listen to too many murder podcasts and watch too many crime shows haha
Funny because I love horror movies too! But usually a very scary movie makes me scared for over a week. I don't think I can ever get over my current lil scary thing because it has been for so many years now!
These scary movies be scarring us for life haha!
That used to be my great fear because my bedroom is the closest to the front door! Now I lock everything such as front door, balcony window and bedroom door before I sleep so it's a bit better haha
I was literally thinking of that episode as I was scrolling through here!
So quick question, where would they plug the toaster in before dropping it through the window? And before you get worried about your hairdryer, they usually have a fuse that trips if it shorts out for specifically this purpose.
I used to shower whit candles as my only light before. But after I saw a really scary program about Bloody Mary I can’t do it anymore. I hang blankets over mirrors and stuff if I need to sleep in the same room as them. 

So silly but I can’t concur that fear.
I honestly don't remember, I think they had it attached to a extension cord or something. I know it's a silly fear, but my brain just won't get over it.

I also grew up in an apt that was shower only, so I didnt take a lot of baths growing up so that could also have something to do with it.

Summary:
I'm afraid of getting electrocuted with a toaster.
So silly but I can’t concur that fear.
Funny because I love horror movies too!
