Original Response:
This is probably weird, and I'm kinda embarrassed talking about it, but are injured or damaged people still attractive?

I was in a car accident when I was 12(I'm 19F now) and I have some scarring on my neck and shoulder, as well as having both legs amputated mid thigh. I went through a long period of depression and suicidal shit and I'm coming out on the better end of it now, but no one seems to ever be interested in me and most apart from my close friends don't want to get close. 

Long story short, I kinda just feel broken and hideous. Am I missing something or are people just not interested in me because I'm not 'normal'?
The kind of person who will refuse to look at you because of an injury are the kind of people you wouldn't want to be with, anyways.

Nineteen is still young, friend. I didn't have a serious partner until I was in my 20s. It seems like your self-confidence is very, very low. I would gently encourage you to focus on building up your esteem, and perhaps speak with a therapist, instead of letting yourself feel disappointed because you haven't had a partner yet.

I am of the very, very firm belief that there is a lid for every pot. You're not broken - you just haven't found your lid yet.
I'm just not sure how I'll find someone. No one wants anything to do with be bar my close friends.
You will need to go online and screen really hard.

Real talk, you can find nice guys but you are going to attract negative attention from guys who think they can use you.
Screen?
Probably talk to some of your more experienced female friends about it. Basically you need to do little manipulative things to gage their behavior.

As an example randomly say "no" to shit to see how they react to you withdrawing consent. This is the most important one, considering your self defense abilities are going to be hampered. If he gets angry or starts arguing/begging, you know you should have nothing to do with him.
But beware that many good guys (not angry nice guys) also got enough of those game players and will screen those, too
Holy fuck, what the hell?

No! Do not be manipulative to someone you want to be in a positive relationship with! Do not build a relationship on distrust!

Jesus fucking Christ...
Hey OP. I promise you your scars do not make you less beautiful. Someone who loves you will love you for your scars because they're part of how you became who you are.

Find it in yourself to be honest and kind and positive. Keep an eye out for behaviours that make *you* uncomfortable, and treat yourself like you deserve the best.

I know it's hard. It might take time, and you will probably get hurt. Make sure you stay safe, but also, take risks where you can. It took a lot of heartbreak for me to figure out what I wanted from love, and I wanted to kill myself plenty of times, but I also grew from the bad moments.

If you need someone to talk to, you can shoot me a message. You never know where you can find a good friend, or just someone who can be in your life long enough to teach you a few things.
What the fuck... No OP, don’t do this. No decent person should be manipulative on purpose, even if it’s to vet out the assholes.
[deleted]
Hey I'm not pressuring you or anything, but could you share pics of your scars? I'm interested...

Summary:
I'm just not sure how I'll find someone.
Do not be manipulative to someone you want to be in a positive relationship with!
No one wants anything to do with be bar my close friends.
Probably talk to some of your more experienced female friends about it.
