Original Response:
This happened yesterday and im going to be feeling the consequences for a while.

Well, i first have to explain that my girlfriend and i dont have sex yet, we want to wait a little longer. But we do other stuff, one of them is grinding on eachother.

We are on the beach and we find a nice spot at the end where the rocks form a little harbor and its pretty shallow. Theres nobody in sight, so we decide to start making out in the water, she gets on top of me and we start grinding, everything feels good but his is where the fuck up happens. We are both wearing bathing suits and *apparently* ocean water isnt a very good lubricant. After a while we decide its time to head back and we stop. As i get up i feel a sharp pain in my penis and a warmth in my pants. She screams because theres a small stain of blood on my pants. I look inside and see that my head is bleeding. The first thing i do is jump back into the water to "disinfect it" and let me tell you, that pain was the worst pain ive ever felt in my penis. I started tearing up. Shes screaming sorry from the shore as im trying not to drown and hoping the sharks have mercy on me.

We started swimming back to the boat and i had to pee. This was the second worst pain i felt. I thought i broke my urethra like a post here a few years ago. I was scarred shitless that i was going to loose my penis, and die a virgin.

I didnt even want to look at my penis because i feared the worse. Every movement hurt. Every ounce of pee hurt. It was horrible

Later that night i decided to inspect it. No broken urethra, but it looks like someone used 80 grit sandpaper on my head. It is dark red and sort of flattened out on the bottom left side.

Every step i take hurts. Every time i sit, it hurts, putting vaseline on it hurts, *looking* at it hurts! 

My grandpas birthday was today so we all went to red lobster, everyone was asking why im walking weird and i said that its because i have a rash. Technically not lying.  

I have no idea how long its going to take to heal. Im just going to have to go to college in basketball shorts and use boxers instead or briefs. Sleeping is also difficult. 

Update: its steadily healing! It doesnt hurt to walk or touch it directly anymore. The texture is like the surrounding skin again. And its only slightly redder than the reast of the head. Thank you to everyone that commented and gave me advice, i apreciate it!

TLDR: grinded my head until it was red.
I showed up to see if you somehow got your girlfriend pregnant. I was sorely disappointed.
&gt;sorely disappointed 

👈😎👈

The first time we grinded we were scarred shitless she got pregnant. We were constantly googling if sperm could make it through pants. When she said she got her period, that was a huge relief
jesus christ mate.... You need to free yourself sexually.
We are currently in that process. Dont want to rush anything since its our first time doing anything
&gt; we were scarred shitless she got pregnant

Take it from an adult, if someone scars you enough, she will indeed get pregnant. Now if you were only scared, she'll be okay.
Can you explain,  i dont understand
Health class has failed you
But who knows if i have super sperm and if shes extra fertil.
Not a previous author, but I'll try.

If you have pregnancy scares every couple of months one time it will turn out real. If it happened once then it is probablyok.
Im not sure if you understood, we both had all our clothes on 😂

Like theres the pantyliner, panty, her jeans, my jeans, and my underwear in between us 😂

We were/are very new to everything sexual and thought sperm could go through clothes.

When we grind, we do it fully clothed.
I was trying to explain kevinch's comment. But now I'm interested what happens with sperm when you finish? Do you finish in your pants or do you take it out? Sorry if it is too much personal, you don't have to answer
Oh i didnt see the first sentence, sorry.

Its a personal question, but i dont mind answering. Ive said worse on reddit.

Ya, i finish in my pants. If im at her house, well jump in the pool afterwards. If we're at the beach, well jump in the water. If were at my house ill change my undies. If were anywhere else, then ill try to dry it up with a napkin (i keep a bunch in my glove compartment) but ill let the rest dry. I take a bath every day, and keep my pubes short,  so the most itll be there is a few hours.

Summary:
Every step i take hurts.
If we're at the beach, well jump in the water.
But now I'm interested what happens with sperm when you finish?
I was trying to explain kevinch's comment.
TLDR: grinded my head until it was red.
Do you finish in your pants or do you take it out?
