Original Response:
So basically as the title suggests i have been feeling like an enemy of my girlfriend because of things working out for me. I'll preface this by some background info before i get in to the real situation that happened. So my girlfriend and i are in the same class at university, this means that we do the exact same thing for school and has the same assignments. While i have always been more laidback and (sort of) lazy, generally because things tend to be fine, so i dont see the point of stressing about everything. She however is very ambitious regarding her studies and i respect that about her and sometimes wish i was more like her in that regard. She almost always gets high grades while i am more of a B student, which i think is fair for the time we respectively invest into school.  


So we started a new semester this fall and it has left a lot of room for the study groups to decide how much time they wanna spend at campus and on weekly assignments. More group ended up being more lax than hers. for example: We spent about 2 hours on an assignment her group spent 7 on and her group spends atleast a couple of hours on campus everyday while mine often decides that we can work from home/take the day off because we don't feel the need to be there everyday.   


During the semester she has poked me a few times with comments like: "Your group is a bit of a slacker group arent you?" "You guys are lazy, are you doing everything properly". You catch the drift, and while i can see what she means i don't think the comments have any merit regarding the quality of our project so i just shrugged it off until today.

&amp;#x200B;

Today we had a fun day windowshopping and getting pastry from a local bakery, or so i thought. She however decided to broach the subject again but this time she all this things but also said "It must be so easy going to university, huh" "Do you think your parents would like it if they knew how little time you spend on studies?" And it just rubbed me the wrong way really badly so i took the bait and engaged with indifference saying stuff like "We'll see what happens at the exam" hinting that all the hours they spent maybe didnt have the impact they thought. She went on to say things like "I think im so much better than everyone else". And i got to thinking why does she care so much? She wouldnt give me a clear answer other than what other people were thinking of us "slacking"  


And i remembered she had the same reaction when i made some money on cryptocurrencies, she told me i really didnt do anything so i dont deserve the money. And i dont know why she has this attitude towards things working out for me when i dont put as much "effort" into things as she does. She has the grades to prove she does more than me so why does she need this? please i need some input from you guys.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR GIRLFRIEND SEEMS TO RESENT ME AND START FIGHTS BECAUSE SHE THINKS I COME BY THINGS TOO EASILY, WHAT COULD BE HAPPENING?
She sounds rather intolerable to be around and even if you were a super A student she would find something to complain about. She's narcissistic insecure young woman and takes it out on you. Talk to her about it and try to help her see what she's doing but you'll probably get a lot of push back.
&gt; She's narcissistic insecure young woman and takes it out on you.

I agree. 

&gt;Talk to her about it and try to help her see what she's doing

But why isn’t your advice to get out of there? Why bother to try and fix her when there are people who are better already walking around?

Genuinely curious!
While there's probably little he can do about it's worth having a discussion, MAYBE she'll be receptive, probably not and then it's time to leave.
Ah...if i understand correctly, it boils down to “At least i tried to talk to her about it before i dumped her”?
I was also close to just walking out on here because it felt so ridiculous to me to have that conversation. But i kept sitting there hoping she would see reason somehow, until i started showboating, it just felt so intentionally hurtful, like she truly resented me and wanted to hurt my feelings. It was so strange seeing her like that.
[removed]
He may not need to ‘fix her’. She legitimately not understand how shitty she is being, and a quick heads up might effect her behavior.
&gt;He may not need to ‘fix her’. She legitimately not understand how shitty she is being, and a quick heads up might effect her behavior. 

That's fair....and at their age, I can totally see immaturity and inexperience playing a part.

I'd like to ask you a general question:

What would it take for you to advise someone that they leave immediately vs factor in inexperience or otherwise give them a chance to straighten up?

I'm 35, and this stuff would be a deal-breaker. But I only date 30+, so my expectation is that I won't have to deal with any of this. If youi're 30+ and actively resent me for doing well in life, you're out, no conversation needed.

This situation between two people 30+ years old, differs from this situation between two 23 year olds.

I get that someone that young should have their behavior called out and be given an opportunity to correct course.

But I wanna know what it would take for this to be a dealbreaker to you. Would this behavior need to be more pronounced? Would his gf need to be older/more experienced? Older?
I’m around your age and have been with my wife since we met in college 15 years ago. I honestly can’t say what my dealbreakers would be if I were single. 

I do know that if I had been dating someone more than a month, I would confront this behavior directly and see if they might address it. How they respond when called out is the make or break scenario. 

To answer your question about age, I don’t think that’s relevant. I don’t see this behavior as a maturity issue.
&gt;I don’t see this behavior as a maturity issue.

Huh! Why so?

I see it as an immaturity issue as well as insecurity.

Insecurity is ageless. It happens. But she’s managing it in a pretty immature way. I’d say it’s less age than lack of maturity and experience, but past a certain age (maybe not 23), I expect insecurity to be handled better.

What do you attribute the issue to?

&gt;I do know that if I had been dating someone more than a month, I would confront this behavior directly and see if they might address it. How they respond when called out is the make or break scenario.

I think you’re actually more reasonable than am here. Definitely more patient.

If I’m invested, which takes more than a month most of the time, I’ll have that conversation.

But at my age/the age of anyone I’m dating, my expectation is that they handle themselves better than this. If I even need to speak up about certain behaviors or experience them at all, I find that my investment wanes.

At 35, there’s some behaviors, attitudes, and problems that I’m expecting not to need to deal with or correct. Especially when we’re in the same age range.
[removed]
Holy shit. Okay, not only am I also a Sagittarius, but you literally sound like my inner monologue.
Hahaha this is just one of my biggest pet peeves. You can be jealous or insecure but the second you lash out at me because of it, the gloves come off. Ain't nobody got time to be treated bad by the people in their life, like use your adult words and communicate or stfu.
Unless it's a dangerous situation, I don't really advise just calling it and breaking up immediately. Everyone needs a little course correction now and again. My advice for OP would be to be clear and say her badmouthing his work ethic and belittling him is not acceptable. He gets his work done and gets it done well. However; if she continues this behavior after being explicitly told, then you go. This also assumes the relationship isn't new. If this behavior showed itself early, I'd just move on.
[removed]
Exactly! Jealousy and insecurity are normal human shit. It's fine.

But if you aren't handling it properly and are making it my problem, it's really tough for me to stay invested.
I like you.
Sounds like she's pissed that he's expending such little effort to get a B and she wants him to be as worried and stressed and working as hard for the A as she is or she can't respect him. She sounds like a keeper. . ./s
no, it boils down to wanting the best for somebody. he has the opportunity to help her notice her insecurities and stop letting them make her bitter about everything. nobody improves if every time they did something wrong everyone in their life just walked out. believing there’s no room for improvement isn’t a healthy way to navigate life and relationships.
Gotcha.

&gt;nobody improves if every time they did something wrong everyone in their life just walked out.

And, I agree.

So..how do you personally decide when it's appropriate to try and help them work through whatever the issue is, and when it's time to walk away?

Are there situations or behaviors where you feel it's appropriate to just walk away?

What elements factor into your decision?
when the bad outweighs the good, for me. seems for this guy that she has some issues with her intellectual insecurity, but if they get along well otherwise i don’t agree that it’s reason enough to drop her without giving it the effort. i would hope if i have a flaw i’m not aware of that somebody would draw my attention to it and allow me to fix it before just leaving me on the curb.
&gt; i would hope if i have a flaw i’m not aware of that somebody would draw my attention to it and allow me to fix it before just leaving me on the curb.

That's reasonable. And I'm one of those people who tends to be quick to leave a situation depending on how folks act, but part of that is age -- at my age (I only date women around my age or older), my expectations are higher and my patience is lower.

Like..I don't date people in their early twenties because I don't have the patience for this type of behavior...and if I was dating someone close to my age, I would expect them to have solid coping and communication strategies for their insecurity, you know?

Riddle me this (I've been wanting to say that all day): Do you really think she doesn't realize she's behaving poorly? I realize that self-awareness isn't everyone's jam, but I find it difficult to believe she doesn't realize her behavior is out of line.

Which then leads me here:

Either she doesn't know, which indicates a lack of self and social awareness that would make me less invested, or she does know, which indicates a willingness to disrespect me that would make me less invested.

It doesn't matter whether you don't know you're acting out or don't care....either situation, and what each situation means, is a problem.

At 23, I'd expect an adult to realize this behavior is untoward at the very least. Be honest -- is that expecting too much?
i’m 21 and basically everyone i come across in my life, from those my age to those 3 times my age, lack self awareness of at *least* one glaring flaw. self reflection is a lost art, and self improvement might as well be magic. many people need others to show them the hard truth before they will change. doesn’t make them shitty people, just makes them pretty bad objective observers.
I can't disagree with anything you've just said. I was an utter bastard at that age.

One last question: At what age do you consider lack of self reflection or self-improvement nonstarters?

In my head, the cut-off is 30, right afterwhen the brain has finished developing. This is part of why I only date 30+. By then, they've finished developing and had a couple of years to start working on self-reflection and self-improvement. 

That's the age I feel like I really got started being a better person.

If a person still has MAJOR issues by 30 and hasn't begun to address them or made major headway, I tend to write them off. 

I'm curious what you think at 21.
That's exactly it, which is why she got salty over the cryptocurrency. As far as she's concerned if you don't struggle you haven't "earned" it. Bet she's the kind of person to tell you that you can't be "so tired" because she "has a harder job". Smdh girl can swerve with that foolishness.
I wish more people got the memo on that smh. Thanks fam I like you too.
well at the risk of sounding narcissistic i think i’m miles ahead of peers my age as well as those beyond my age in terms of being honest with myself about my faults and cracks. 

i will say that the *need* for change will never turn me off to somebody. it’s the *unwillingness* to change that is a dealbreaker for me. my parents are in their 60s and have more character flaws than i do, so i think age is a meaningless number in terms of that. especially since physiological development of the brain hardly predicts social maturation. 

but i guess as i age and become more jaded i might find myself walking a similar no-bullshit path like you. i personally think at 18 (or whenever one moves out from under their parents’ thumb) is when one must take stock of the factors of their upbringing that led to who they are, and make adjustments. grew up in a family that reacts passive aggressively to things that upset them? time to recognize that and stop reacting in that same way. 

but i also think life is an endless journey of self discovery and progress. there’s no real “goal”, there’s always room to be better. some make moves early, some get started later. so for me, as long as somebody *wants* to get better, that’s enough. even if they don’t know what their flaws are, or haven’t gotten around to working on specific ones yet. but if you can sit them down, point it out to them, and they take it constructively with the drive to improve, that’s all i can ask for. if they get defensive and prideful, and refuse to recognize their faults? that’s game over
Yeah, that's someone who just doesn't understand that other people do things differently or easier. Life with her is going to suck once they get out of college and OP does better at interviewing and networking and ends up with a better job and doesn't feel the need to work crazy hours to produce 85% the same result...
3 strikes you're out rule?  Try once, if they're receptive great.  If they come up short, try a second time if they're still willing but need help in the execution.  After that, there's only so much you can do.
Username checks out.  From a 30f, preach it girl

Summary:
I don’t see this behavior as a maturity issue.
I see it as an immaturity issue as well as insecurity.
But I wanna know what it would take for this to be a dealbreaker to you.
Would this behavior need to be more pronounced?
She went on to say things like "I think im so much better than everyone else".
This is part of why I only date 30+.
He gets his work done and gets it done well.
&gt;I don’t see this behavior as a maturity issue.
She sounds like a keeper.
It was so strange seeing her like that.
She's narcissistic insecure young woman and takes it out on you.
&gt;Talk to her about it and try to help her see what she's doing

But why isn’t your advice to get out of there?
And i got to thinking why does she care so much?
That's the age I feel like I really got started being a better person.
To answer your question about age, I don’t think that’s relevant.
This situation between two people 30+ years old, differs from this situation between two 23 year olds.
