Original Response:
I just bought a vape and I wanted to ask something about it i bought an AS-900 KWX6 Clearomizer + 18650 2800mAh Mod Kit at fasttech and I sae some videos online about vapes exploding, I researched a lot and I saw it only happened to people who used mechanical mods without knowing how to. And I wanted to ask if my vape has any safety chip or anything like that because the battery is interchangeable and it can be removed, and I was scared about that. Should I be worried?
I wouldn't buy batteries from FT mate. I don't know any legit vaping cell that's 2800mah. You can't link because FT sells juice, but have you got the SKU number for both products?
1867105
Well i bought a mod kit actually and the battery was included
That's a very weird looking little thing. It's basically an ego but with an external battery. The good news is with a 2.4ohm coil it's going to putting out max 7ish watts, so any battery rated over 2.5A should be able to deal with that, so unless it's the shittest of the shit-tier flashlight cells, yours probably *should* be OK; especially if it's only 2800mah - the super low powered ones *usually* have higher capacity than that. The bad news is there's no way whatsoever to verify that. If you're in the US, I'd be tempted to go to illumn or imrbatteries and get a Samsung or Panasonic cell rated at 5A - it's still not going to be much use for anything other than this kit, but at least you'll know what the cell actually isX
I'm not in the US, I will keep this kit for like 3 months, I guess I'll buy a new one,  I don't know much abt this stuff but it will do it's job at least right? I shouldn't be worried about the vape exploding in my face?
Where are you? The only thing that would explode in your face is the battery and given that there's no way of verifying what that battery is, it might be an idea to get a new one.
I know it's the battery, I'm from Albania, I shouldn't trust fasttech? Like what if the e-cig i bought didn't have an external batery wouldn't it still be the same? How much does a good battery cost anyway? 
Edit: meaning that if i bought an e cig from fasttech that I couldn't open or change it's batery wouldn't it be the same?
Probably 4 or 5€ for a decent battery. I know the recommended Euro vendors are Nkon.nl and akkuteile.de, although whether they ship to Albania I'm not sure mate. The device is low enough power output that it *should* be OK, but it might be worth the money for the peace of mind if those guys will ship to you. Anything rated 5A or over will be fine. Samsung, Sony, LG, Sanyo and Panasonic are the brands to go for.
Thanks for the help, I'll use this battery for about a month or so, if I don't buy a new e cig I will propably switch to a good battery
I think the battery is Goonk thats what it says
Yeah, that's either a really low powered cell which generally wouldn't be recommended for vaping or a rewrap of something else but we don't know what the something else is.
I just opened a ticked for a return for the item, do you think I havw to wait till it comes to me then send it back or is there a way for them to take it back, they shipped it yesterday about this time.
[deleted]
You'll probably have to wait mate; and batteries don't fly, they go on the boat, so it could be a while.
Well it's okay,  I don't care about the money. Safety first! Can you recommend me any e cig to buy about 15 dollars price,  I know it's not much but I don't want to spend more for an e cig, cause I'm not like a pro I just want a normal vaping experience.
Should I risk it and use this vape or Its not worth the risk?
You could probably get any old ego with an internal battery for less than that mate. Have a look at /r/ecr_eu for the vendors they like - it'll take significantly less time to get to you than China if folks'll ship to Albania
Should I use the one I bought or its not worth the risk?
I probably wouldn't, but see what FT say about the return. Their customer service is usually pretty good.
Fastech is a reputable company and they have good cust service.  If its shipped u have to wait to receive it and they do have a restocking fee. They have name brand and "style" items.. meaning its a clone. If it says authentic it is.  I order from them, good prices.  But not if I want it in a hurry..  )
Should I use the product do you think it's safe? Would you use it?
I will wait for a reply I also asked them if it has any safety build in.
It does, its regulated. I've never seen an eGo with an external battery tho.
Yeah that's why I'm not sure cause I don't know the quality of the external batery
Yeah its prob ok to use. The ohms are pretty hi so it wont draw much current. Just be careful when charging the battery.. keep an eye on it. When u can, upgrade to a well known brand. There are several good round "stick" style devices out there. Many have internal batteries, that are safe and you don't have to worry, buy or research batteries.

Summary:
I wouldn't buy batteries from FT mate.
I don't know any legit vaping cell that's 2800mah.
I think the battery is Goonk thats what it says.
Should I use the product do you think it's safe?
I shouldn't be worried about the vape exploding in my face?
