Original Response:
Hello, Reddit! My name is Erwin Chemerinsky, and I serve as dean of the UC Berkeley School of Law. Before coming to Berkeley, I helped establish UC Irvine's law school, and before that taught at Duke and USC.

In my forty year career I’ve argued before the Supreme Court, taught hundreds of budding lawyers, contributed to dozens of law reviews and media outlets, and written several books - the latest of which examines freedom of speech on college campuses. If you're interested, you can learn more about me here: [https://www.law.berkeley.edu/our-faculty/faculty-profiles/erwin-chemerinsky/](https://www.law.berkeley.edu/our-faculty/faculty-profiles/erwin-chemerinsky/)

Proof: [https://imgur.com/a/JhfyzMW](https://imgur.com/a/JhfyzMW)

I’m being assisted by /u/michaeldirda from Berkeley’s public affairs office, but will be responding to all of your questions myself. Please ask away!

EDIT: Hi folks - Mike here. Erwin had to take off for the evening, but he'll respond to a few more of the lingering questions in the morning. Thanks for tuning in!
In your view, can a sitting President be indicted?
There is no settled answer to that question.  There is a Justice Department memo saying no.  I'd say most law professors who have opined also would say no.  But I would say yes.  I believe that a fundamental aspect of the rule of law is that no one, including the president, is above the law.
If he can be indicted, do you think he would have the ability to pardon himself for (non-impeachment) federal charges?
Don't you think such simplistic proclamations already break down at the highest levels of power regardless?

For example, it's often argued that the president couldn't pardon himself because "no one can be a judge in their own case." Setting aside that pardons are literally a check on literal judges, which already casts the relevance of that argument into question, it's also true that over in the judicial branch, only fear of impeachment (or preemptive impeachment) could 'force' a SCOTUS justice to recuse him/herself from literally being a judge in his/her own case (or, more plausibly, a case in which they have a direct, obvious vested interest.)

That's but one illustrative example; the entire idea of a unitary executive, which has been repeatedly attacked but never amended out of the Constitution, likewise stands for the proposition that we do not actually have federal law enforcement that is constitutionally, enforceably (again, except by impeachment) 'independent' of the President.

It seems that if somebody truly believes in an absolutist interpretation of that phrase - 'no one is above the law' - then they'd have to be opposed to the legitimacy of sovereign immunity, and indeed, pretty much every form of immunity currently granted by the courts/laws in every other circumstance.

One can certainly argue if that *ought* to become the case from a policy perspective, but are you really willing to argue that it *is* the case, and everybody's just got the Constitution frighteningly wrong?
You have a very Scalia like way in your last paragraphs. Very nice to read :)
Obviously not OP, and would love them to chime in on this.

My understanding is that it is considered that the President does not have the authority to pardon themselves. It gets tricky, but it boils down to this. If a sitting President can pardon themselves, then it means that the entire Executive branch is technically exempt from caring about what the Judicial/Legislative branches say/do with respect to laws.

To use an unnecessarily violent example: President orders someone to shoot his primary competition in an upcoming election. Someone does, the shooter is then pardoned. The President can then pardon themselves for any possible charges that could result from this order. In effect, the President can just kill anyone with no consequences...including members of Congress and the Senate. Hard to have an impeachment proceeding if the people with that authority are too afraid for their lives.

Long story short, it breaks the obviously intended system of checks and balances where no part of the government is unaccountable to the others.
That example (and the only examples that would support your proposition) isn't correct. Violent crimes are almost always state charges, which the President has no power to pardon. 

So if the President conspired to commit a murder, he'd face state charges and wouldn't be able to pardon himself. So there would be no issue with checks and balances.
Could the president just orchestrate it in a way that it becomes a federal crime then? I don't really know what that entails though.
You're assuming he would be within a state's limits when he does so.
That example would bring about a federal murder charge. Murdering an elected official or nominee would bring up a federal murder charge. I'm not sure if a state could also file a murder charge but that's a different issue. Murder by hire is also a federal charge, so hiring a hitman to murder someone would be a federal charge. I found an article that lists 10 ways a murder charge would be a federal charge and those are just 2 of the examples. 

Some wouldn't apply, like killing the family member of a law enforcement agent or federal employee. It also lists murder at sea as a federal charge. I'm not sure if murdering someone on a place would be the same. If it were, I can't imagine the President would be able to get people to fly along with him on Air Force One easily, especially one of their political opponents. 

[Source](https://www.wklaw.com/10-ways-murder-becomes-a-federal-crime/)
Well I think it would be an exceedingly convoluted hypothetical where the President is able to order a hit job without also violating some state law. HOWEVER, if some offense like that did occur, I guess we could finally learn whether crimes committed under the DC Criminal Code are federal offenses for clemency purposes. Which is also an open and interesting legal question.
&gt;I'm not sure if a state could also file a murder charge but that's a different issue. 

But that's kind of my point. Even if he was also facing federal charges, it would be pretty tough for the President to order a hit job without also violating some state law.
Assault and similar crimes against congress, the cabinet and scotus are federal crimes under 18 US 351
Yes, but they're often also concurrent with state crimes. So the state charges wouldn't just go away.
There are ways around that though. What state could charge him if he did it from D.C. or on an airplane? There are ways around a state charge.
...OTOH the moment the president is indicted, and steps down, the vice-president becomes the president and can pardon whomever he wishes...
I would also say that regardless of the correct answer, the current Supreme Court (with or without Kavenaugh) would undoubtedly, unquestionably, say no, which is why the issue is not being pressed.  Any indictment of Trump while he is still President will be immediately expedited to the Court and overturned.  That doesn't mean he can't be indicted later.
I would also say that regardless of the correct answer, the current Supreme Court (with or without Kavenaugh) would undoubtedly, unquestionably, say no, which is why the issue is not being pressed.  Any indictment of Trump while he is still President will be immediately expedited to the Court and overturned.  That doesn't mean he can't be indicted later.

Summary:
That example would bring about a federal murder charge.
Murder by hire is also a federal charge, so hiring a hitman to murder someone would be a federal charge.
There are ways around a state charge.
I'm not sure if a state could also file a murder charge but that's a different issue.
Could the president just orchestrate it in a way that it becomes a federal crime then?
It also lists murder at sea as a federal charge.
But I would say yes.
