Original Response:
Medication is essentially unaffordable here as it is and American prices are way way worse. So this agreement is increasingly not becoming worth it.
Unaffordable? How so, friend?
Cost my American girlfriend something like $700 to get her birth control filled on insurance.
Then she has shitty insurance. 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
She is covered under both of her parents... Who are doctors.
So is the 700 dollars the amount that the pharmacy is charging the insurance company?
700 cad, and no that's what she pays out of pocket I believe. The same supply was 159 here.
A month or per year?
Two months I believe
We paid $66 for 3 months of my wifes birth control. This is entirely out of pocket.
Negative. I saw the Wall Greens receipt. All of that stuff isn't the same. She takes Seasonique. I did a quick Google:

&gt;The cost for Seasonique oral tablet biphasic extended cycle is around $742 for a supply of 182, depending on the pharmacy you visit.
And I would say then that her parents, despite being doctors, are not buying great insurance. 

In the US I have a top notch PPO plan, my wife pays less than that per year for birth control under the plan. Then again our insurance despite being very healthy is not cheap, as in (if you were to buy it without an employer subsidy) more than many Canadians pay for their mortgages every month expensive, so I’m sure it works itself out.
Your wife could be taking cheaper birth control. 

But yeah I was looking at bringing a company down there and after looking at insurance I might be saying a whole lot of fuck that shit.
I have a company that operates on both sides of the border, depends on what you are doing if it’s worth the hassle for a US expansion or not.
Tech startup a month and a half away from launch. There are benefits to incorporating out of Ontario. Not sure what I'm going to do yet though.
tough call, but part of it is to consider what state/province has laws that are best for then type of business you are doing, as well as the costs of the location and proximity to customers and resources.

&amp;#x200B;

best of luck to you
Thanks buddy
&gt;Prices are for cash paying customers only and are not valid with insurance plans.

From the same site. Also, for a supply of 182 should last much longer than 2 months.
That is in USD not CAD. So it's probably around what I said for 2 months. I'll ask her today.
Cheaper to raise a kid.
"my wife's American health care is great and cheap". 
  
Except that the company pays thousands a month...
I 
Was stating that if they were paying out of pocket that much then they likely have cheaper insurance

Summary:
700 cad, and no that's what she pays out of pocket I believe.
I 
Was stating that if they were paying out of pocket that much then they likely have cheaper insurance.
Except that the company pays thousands a month...
So it's probably around what I said for 2 months.
