Original Response:
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.

Now being posted at 10pm eastern!

https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74
Congrats again to /u/waltk918 and /u/YayImRedditing for winning the giveaway! I’ll be trying to get your winnings out tomorrow!! 

What’s good my dudes? Been on the hunt for a decent night stand recently. Not a ton of luck but a few things in mind after a bit of searching around. Man, even finding good enough is hard much less the perfect night stand. Eh, could be worse I guess though. How about you guys? How’s the day been? Hopefully you’ve all been well!!

Vape status: apple pie from cloudberry tonight.

Beer status: magnify saison. Pretty tasty, though I do love my saisons lol.

Writing status: man, more reviews and more episodes along with some other stuff going on tomorrow (yes I remembered to set my alarm!!) 

Mama2013 status: more physical therapy tomorrow.
Now I just need to find money for high nic juice! What sort of saison is that? I'm feeling too lazy to look it up on beer advocate
A peach and apricot saison. Pretty simple but pretty tasty lol.
I could do without the peach, sounds tasty though
It was lol. I’m a big saison guy though lol
I love saisons too, Hennepin is one of my all time favorites.
Hennepin is real solid. Personally I’m a fan of opal from Firestone a bit more but yeah Hennepin is great haha
Well, Firestone doesn't distribute here :-( I've only had their Leo VS Ursus and it was incredible.
Oh man, if I’m ever in your neck of the woods I’ll bring one out to ya lol
I grab some when I visit my brother in Omaha. I might end up always having it available soon...
They distributing to you soon?
Well hopefully, but more likely I'm going to move.
Ahh no doubt dude!! That’s rad (I hope)
Time will tell, it's a big jump for sure.
Here’s hoping it’s a good jump though!!
Fingers crossed!
Definitely dude!! Hope it goes well!!
Good for you running that giveaway man, spread the mtl love hah. Just home last from a trip to CT for laborday weekend. Vape status, Cherimoya Rabri. Beer status nothing but did try some CT beer up there from Two Roads, specifically Ol' Factory Pils it was really good.
Two roads is pretty solid. Haven’t tried their Pilsner though lol. 

How was the trip?
Really nice, ate a lot of good food and just had a lot of fun hanging with my fam. Went to the beach, grilled, etc. The Pils is dry hopped so it has a bit of it's own style not just straight up Pils.
Dude that sounds awesome!! Happy to hear it was good!
Shoot, I don’t even know where to buy furniture from if I wanted to. Glad moms is still on track and holding strong. Keep it up, man.
Cloudberry Blackberry Melon, Cereal Crunch, and Iced Coffee have always been go-to's for me. Blackberry Melon especially. I really want to retry Iced Coffee, though; it's been a while. 

What are your usual setups these days?
When I’m not reviewing something, my go to set up is a cartel revenant 160 Blaq edition and a siren 2 usually with an Innokin EQ as a little backup device lol. What about for you?

Cereal crunch is fantastic. The only cereal flavor I truly enjoy.
I'm very interested in that Cartel actually...

Right now my usual out-and-about device is an Asmodus Luna with either a DPRO Mini or a Haku Venna. 

I have a Triade coming in with either a Bonza or a Drop Dead because I wanted to try out what I felt was the opposite spectrum from my norm. 

And my longest running setup is a Therion 75 with a Cthulhu Hastur MTL RTA. Probably gonna have to sell the Therion if I end up liking the Triade to make up for the cost though :/
It’s a rock solid device. The one that I compare everything else to for box mods lol. 

I was interested in the therion but finding one with carbon fiber instead of leather was a pain lol. I hope you like the triade though!
Oh for real. You're pretty much marooned to the classifieds if that's what you want...

But now that I'm trying out dual coil/triple batt stuff vs. my usual single coil I'm realizing pretty quickly that I'm eating through juice like no one's business. I wasn't able to get my usual shopping list for juice from the Labor Day sales. Ended up going with Abstrakt's 7 120mL for $50... I meannn... it's a little for a lot, but I'm skeptical about how it will taste tbh. 

What do you like other than some of the Cloudberry stuff?
Nuclear Vapes is really good, especially Heavy water. Plus they’re very reasonably priced.

Northland is good for their price, especially when they have a sale and you can get a 120ml for $10. 

Indigo is really good but not cheap. However if you want the best tobacco flavors around they’re the place to go.

Summary:
I hope you like the triade though!
Pretty tasty, though I do love my saisons lol.
I’m a big saison guy though lol.
I really want to retry Iced Coffee, though; it's been a while.
Well hopefully, but more likely I'm going to move.
What do you like other than some of the Cloudberry stuff?
I love saisons too, Hennepin is one of my all time favorites.
Here’s hoping it’s a good jump though!
