Original Response:
A few months ago I received an Instagram DM from someone asking me be my sugar daddy. 

As a young girl with no solid source of income and about to be plunged into student debt, I took the offer last month.

He has sent me a few hundred USD just to show me he’s “serious”. After the first date I wasn’t really feeling him. If I was going to start a relationship with this guy I at-least wanted to find him somewhat humorous. Once September hit, I ran into a depressive episode. It happens sometimes but within two weeks I’m fine after. During that time I don’t socialize with anyone I don’t have to. He didn’t like this. 

Soon after he warned me, ignoring him comes with consequences.

I’m a strong girl and can fend for myself. The last thing I will willingly do is enter a terrible relationship full of fear. I immediately told him to remove me on any social media he’s followed me on and delete my number. 
He demanded I give him his money back.
After a few days I was able to do so with the help of my friends (I’m a broke photographer who works per gig) 
As mentioned, I am an artist. Photographer and dancer. I have a show coming up and am part of an art festival as a dancer. 
He has threatened to interviene in my show, stating “perhaps the audience will think it’s part of the show”.

More threats followed after. 
I have him blocked on everything. He downloaded texting apps and is now harassing me through different numbers. 

After my friends and I furthered our research on this “very successful musical genius” we come to find Im not the first person he has threatened. In fact, the last girl he did this to was only 3 months ago. I am possibly the third, if not more. 

I don’t have anything from him directly stating physical harm. 

How do I make sure I’m the last person he attempts to hurt?

TLDR: my ex sugar daddy is crazy and wants to hurt me. I’m not the first person he’s hurt. What can I do?
In the future, don't agree to go out with a guy who wants to buy your affection. I can assure nothing good will come of it.

In the meantime I would contact the police and show them the texts.
Hey, she's an adult who entered into a consentual agreement with another adult, she realised it wasn't for her and ended it. His actions are not her responsibility nor are they her fault. And, other adults enter into this kind of relationship all the time and it works well for them and they enjoy it.
This.   


A mutual agreement between two consenting adults where money exchanges hands in return for whatever is totally fine. Threatening people is completely fucked though.
This was such a perfect well worded reply
Thank you ❤
[removed]
You misunderstand, I wasn't implying that his actions were in any way her responsibility.  

But it should be a red flag when someone out of nowhere messages asking to be your "sugar daddy". A red flag that if he thinks he can buy you, then he might be possessive. And probably unhinged.

And yes adults do enter into these kind of arrangements all the time. Doesn't make them healthy or safe, though.
[removed]
Just asking, but you’re cool with prostitution then?
Clearly. But just don't call it that.
Heh...okay.
Separate question, how many women are doing this sugar daddy thing? This is a problem.
It's not for me, but I fully respect other women's decision to do what they want with their body, as long as it is their choice.

Summary:
I’m not the first person he’s hurt.
I have a show coming up and am part of an art festival as a dancer.
How do I make sure I’m the last person he attempts to hurt?
A few months ago I received an Instagram DM from someone asking me be my sugar daddy.
And, other adults enter into this kind of relationship all the time and it works well for them and they enjoy it.
