Original Response:
TLDR: Quebec Liberal leader Phillipe Couillard told a radio station this week that a family of three could eat for a week on C$75 ($57; £45).
Sure you can, if all you eat is low quality canned junk food.
Or ramen.
hey hey hey, dont talk ill of ramen. Dice up a hotdog, leftover hamburger and mixed veg you got some gourmet college eats.
They were on thin ice on in the first place, but thats probably lost them the election.
Look at Mr. Moneybags over here with his hot dogs and hamburger meat.
If it's 3, it's definitely doable. You'd have to buy some things on sale and lots of vegetables, rice, oatmeal and milk. 

Source: $22 a week for one adult
To be fair, the guy said there are people having to do it, not that they should have to.
A family of 3 could easily do it without resorting to low quality canned food.  Just go heavy on potatoes and rice.
So, low-quality but not canned food.
Since when are potatoes low quality?
[deleted]
A whole baked potato is low in calories, high in fiber, and contains almost half one's daily requirement for vitamin C.

So they're not devoid of nutrition.  But it's true that they shouldn't form the bulk of a person's diet.
9% carb

8% fiber

45% vitamin C

10% vitamin B6

15% potassium

Pretty good for 150g of potato.
Matt Damon survived on potatoes in The Martian for a reason.

https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/6-reasons-we-should-be-calling-potatoes-a-superfood_us_57be44b9e4b06384eb3e339c
Potatoes have one of the highest micronutrient densities of any food, especially on a per dollar *and* per calorie basis.

You can survive on a diet of potatoes and milk. Throw in some lentils and you're good to go.
He also said that it won't be diverse, won't be good and won't be balanced, but it's possible to live with that.
Beans and rice.
That's Google search false. Try harder
Actually, to eat cheap, you generally have to go with higher quality fresh, frozen or dried food. Canned food is generally too expensive.

With some skill it can be done. We did it when we were poor. I remember when I was growing up, we generally only drank a 50/50 mix of milk and skim milk powder+water because my parents couldn't afford milk for all of us (3 kids.) When things were bad, we only had skim milk powder+water. There are lots of tricks like this.

Oddly Quebec has a long culinary tradition of making tasty dishes out of cheap food... but I guess that's a lost art in today's world. French Canadian people used to be poor and they adapted their cooking to work around it. Ask an older French Canadian woman for her recipes; I bet she has many for cheap dishes.

People today have no concept of how poor people were in our recent past.

&amp;#x200B;
Add some red pepper paste and spam to it and you got yourself some amazing Korean Budae-jjigae ([부대찌개](https://mykoreankitchen.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/4.-Korean-Army-Stew-Budae-Jjigae.jpg))
People think they're starving if they aren't eating steaks and cheeseburgers for lunch.
I don't think you need skill: just a pressure cooker.  


(you can do it without a pressure cooker but its even easier with one)
Why so tight?
SPAM IS SO GOOD. I mean, eat it straight out of the can and it's gross but I don't know how anyone can deny the goodness of fried spam or spam in soup.
Didn't even mention dessert.
Its because he doesn't eat very much.  Also healthy.
Why not? It's just more savings that he can invest. Most people don't get rich by starting a company or winning the lottery they get rich by consistently saving money over their lives.
I didn’t ask you.
If you don't like having your questions answered then don't ask them in a public setting.

I'm, not sure why you would get upset for hearing the main reason why people spend less.
First, I didn’t ask a question to the general public. I asked specific person publicly.


Secondly, that’s just your opinion on why he might be doing so.

Where did you get me being upset From saying I didn’t ask you? Actually please don’t answer that.
First: you asked a question where anyone can answer, don't be mad when you get answers

Second: Because that's the end result of being more frugal, you accumulate more resources.

If you weren't upset you would have ignored my comment, why would you chose to respond to me and not the other guy?
Cheers
That's a really shitty and misleading tldr.  He was asked if it was possible as a question and his answer was probably, but it wouldn't be healthy.  You either didn't read your own article or are being purposefully misleading.
Spam is not something you'd be eating for $75 a week. Spam is crazy expensive, you'd be better off getting fresh meat.
Junk food is actually quite pricey. The way to save money is to buy cheapest cuts and avoid anything pre-processed.
Get a slow cooker. They are not expensive to buy and with a few inexpensive ingredients you can make excellent quality meals.
And 90%++ anglos in Québec still votes for him
If it weren't for our FPTP system... we wouldn't have to chose between meh, not really, and sure to make our voices "heard".
Québec solitaire, coalition à venir Québec, Québec parti, maintenant votez !
Separatists with no chance of winning, doesn't have a serious enough environmental policy, you mean Parti québécois?, I'll vote on the 1st, thank you :).
&gt;And 90%++ anglos in Québec still votes for him

Yeah, the only viable alternative - the CAQ - has a leader that said this about anglophones:

"I was raised in Montreal’s West Island among the English, and I hate them as much as you do.”
You can absolutely feed 3 people with 75$ per week. Beans and rice.
All of the major parties beside his' vowed to change the voting system. The one in lead even said that he wouldn't make the same mistake as Trudeau.
No desserts for you!
Dessert is inarguably a luxury. A more solid argument would be that people deserve more variety in their diet than that amount would allow.
How will people survive without dessert?!
Cause everyone else wants to separate ffs!

Summary:
Canned food is generally too expensive.
Sure you can, if all you eat is low quality canned junk food.
First, I didn’t ask a question to the general public.
You can survive on a diet of potatoes and milk.
Since when are potatoes low quality?
How will people survive without dessert?
Spam is not something you'd be eating for $75 a week.
So, low-quality but not canned food.
