Original Response:
[removed]
Why would a pair of handcuffs be contraband, especially a novelty pair such as these?
I'm wondering the same.
I do confess that I am a stupid American, but still.
Wondering this too! I keep a handcuff key sewn into the sweat band of my hat... Just in case.
Presumably they think you’d try to hold the pilot hostage?? TSA is very tetchy??
Shouldn’t you sew it onto your belt so you can get to it if you’re cuffed behind your back?
I have practiced cuffing myself behind my back, pushing my hat up a little with my knee, then tilting my head back until it falls to my hands. From there it's easy peasy. I can also pick the lock in case of emergency, if I can find a paperclip or bobby pin or something similar!
What is it you’re doing that you need these skills?
Boredom buddy. I got into picking locks when I was 15, after playing Splinter Cell.

Check out /r/lockpicking for all kinds of fun!
What if they tie you to a chair or just take your hat away?
Because this tifu is made up
Yeah, that's gonna be a shitty night.
You’ve never heard of the fluffcuff killer?
As a former airport security officer (though in Finland), I wonder this too. In training, we were specifically told handcuffs are not on the no-fly list.
Not a contraband *per se*, but a potential hazard to the flight crew. So any forbidden object that makes it past security could be considered contraband.
Australian Border Security, that's why. I was born in Australia and lived here all my life. It's the *only* country I've been questioned when re-entering even though I travelled on an AU passport.
9/11
Yeah, I love it...  

Got into bump keys after a while and ended up getting one of those big, fat 50+ key sets and an actual bump hammer and now I can get through 90% of locks in about 10 seconds flat.  

Picking is still a more satisfying hobby but I like having the bump set for utility.  

edit:  I even almost got into locksmithing because of the hobby (and I still should, it'd be better money than what I do now...)
Same boat. I'd love to get into locksmithing. I'm actually just about fed up with my tile job, so I may do it now!
Something to do with being able to aid in the hijacking of a plane or some bullshit. I think the public humiliation was enough of a punishment but the authorities thought not. At least I’m not gunna be on the new season Of border force
I wish it was....

Summary:
Picking is still a more satisfying hobby but I like having the bump set for utility.
Australian Border Security, that's why.
I'd love to get into locksmithing.
