Original Response:
I don't support a handgun ban
I do.
only the idiots in the cities. If you can pass the PAL you should be allowed. Those that dont pass the test should not have guns.
I wish there was a statistic of pal owners vs non pal ownership and criminal activity.
I know a lot of fudds that would want a handgun ban. It’s not a city folk vs rural folk thing, it’s just a matter of being informed on our current laws I think.
Don't worry, once the government bans handguns they'll be back for their shotguns and bolt action 308s next.
Why?
You can fucking count on that mon ami.
I don't want them accessible to law-abiding gun enthusiasts planning mass shootings or suicide.
Oh so you’re down to take away the privileges of others because of some made up fantasy in your head. This isn’t America.
Careful not to cut yourself on that edge.
&gt; some made up fantasy in your head

It's not some made up fantasy in my head. One of these gun nuts committed a terrorist attack within earshot of me, a few years ago.
Not a gun nut, a criminal.
[deleted]
He was a law abiding gun nut when he got up that morning, not a criminal.
Where?  Which incident?
I see you have your mind made up.  Guns are the problem, not the person committing the crime.
https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/richard-bain-appeal-crown-1.4779758
[deleted]
So he used a rifle, and yet it's a handgun ban you are in favour of.  Or maybe all firearms, so only the Police and Military can have them.  Yeah, that'll work out well for the populace.
He brought a shitload of weapons. His plan failed because he used a shitty rifle that jammed on the first shot and was stopped immediately after. Could have been a whole different story if he had used one of [these handguns](https://i.imgur.com/tUouznJ.jpg) instead.

That's exactly what happened in Quebec City 4 years after. Another law-abiding gun nut brought a shitload of weapons to shoot a mosque. That guy's shitty rifle also jammed, but his trusty handgun let him kill/injure a shitload of innocent people.
So again, who is at fault?  The lunatic hell bent on blood, or a gun? Blaming an object for the actions of a person is foolish, and does not solve anything.  We need people control.
Edit:  I will simplify.  We need a list of people who can't own firearms, not a list of those who can.
lol no you can't
&gt; . We need a list of people who can't own firearms, not a list of those who can.

What's your plan for keeping that list updated?
I guess it could have just rented a van?
The building would have withstood.
You should read more.
My point is: if a criminal wants to hurt somebody they're going to find an alternative way to do it with or without a gun.
Vehicles, knives, dogs, poisonings, drugs, Bombs... I mean the list is endless you can use pretty much anything as a weapon to hurt somebody else. One thing Canada did right and get rid of automatic weapons so that when a lunatic is on the loose they're not blasting 20000 rounds into a crowd. But if you want to kill 20,000 people poisoning Vehicles bombs....
[removed]
people can be both
Im pretty sure that revolver is a cap gun or something. Look at how the cylinder(with blue zip tie) has about an inch gap between where it should meet the barrel.

Either that or it once was a real pistol that got permanently disabled by having the cylinder cut in half. Definitely not a functional gun.
"I hope they ban those rice rocket sportbikes, as long as I can still have my Harley Davidson, fuck 'em"

"What do you mean you want to ban my Harley now? Associated with organized crime? Law breaking? But I didnt do anything, and I said nothing when you took the other guy's speed bikes!"
&gt;law-abiding gun enthusiasts planning mass shootings

I hate the 'you're more likely to die from x so don't worry about y' argument but firearm homicides by law abiding gun owners are literally irrelevant, you're talking maybe a dozen a year

Why are anti-gun types such baseless fear mongerers?
But if the revolver was banned you wouldn't be able to throw it at someone and hurt them!

Summary:
I don't support a handgun ban.
Not a gun nut, a criminal.
&gt; some made up fantasy in your head

It's not some made up fantasy in my head.
I don't want them accessible to law-abiding gun enthusiasts planning mass shootings or suicide.
He was a law abiding gun nut when he got up that morning, not a criminal.
I know a lot of fudds that would want a handgun ban.
