Original Response:
[removed]
Yeah, that was pretty dumb OP, sorry.  Good luck, maybe put the booze down for a bit.
It just keeps sinking in. You know that morning after feeling... Its not going away. Booze is gone, trying to drop that, seema to make everything worse.
Man up, apologize to the wife and neighbors, then do what you need to do to rectify all situations
Awkward but necessary. They have company right now, but i guess ill poke my head over and explain without getting too in depth
Good luck to you, bud.
Appreciate the help and someone to talk to
Good luck man.  This was the story of my life for basically my entire 15 year drinking career.  Deciding to quit was the hardest thing I’ve ever done.  Despite all the problems it caused me, I lived the way alcohol made me feel.  Nothing in the world that made me feel as good as the first drink.  Problem was, too often 1 led to 10 and this kind of shenanigans.  And then some period of time later- a day, a week, or a few weeks- I either forgot how shitty it felt or decided “I just need to not drink 10 so I don’t have these problems” and then I’d seek that first drink again.  

Wishing the best for you and your wife.

For what it’s worth, nearly 2 years sober and things are actually pretty good with me and my wife now.  I put her through hell for 10 years, so there was a lot of damage to repair.  There’s still some well earned resentment on her end, but that’s ok.  She knows it’s there and is working on getting rid of it, and life for our daughter is so much better than it would have been if I kept drinking.
Hey man, I can with relate exactly what you said. Just dont have 10 drinks.......binge drinking is terrible, and last year i actually quit for about 7 months. You always hear about rock bottom, and i kinda know,what that feels like now. I respect your effort and want that for myself. Thanks for the kind words and the hope you gave me. Stay stong as well.
Yea, “rock bottom” was hard for me.  No DUI’s.  No divorce.  No arrests (well, one stupid one when I was 19), no loss of job, etc.  I always heard you had to hit rock bottom, and I thought I wasn’t anywhere near that.  

Eventually, I just decided “I’ve had enough” and that’s the real definition of rock bottom to me.  When the pain I’m causing myself is greater than the “pain” I think I’m feeling by admitting defeat and “missing out” on future drinking.
Wow, our lives are very similar. One arrest, but always finding a way to justify my drinking. "I used yo be able to control it", " im an adult for crying out loud", etc etc. 

&gt;Eventually, I just decided “I’ve had enough” and that’s the real definition of rock bottom to me.

That was really powerful for me. Ive done stupid Shit, maybe not this bad, and i tell myself, yeah rock bottom....two weeks later here we go again. Im glad im seeking help and now it seems my wife is truly on board to help out. Wow a tifu that turned into an intervention. Thanks again.
Yea man, you ever want anyone to talk to about it, I’m here.  Whether you want to hear what my drinking was like (and what life was like before, during, and after alcohol), what worked for me to recover, or just want someone to tell your story to.
Much appreciated. I might take you up on that offer. Im feeling hopeful for right now, but there will be difficult times for sure. Thanks for being compassionate towards a random stranger.
No problem.  Just trying to give back what was freely given to me.

Summary:
Eventually, I just decided “I’ve had enough” and that’s the real definition of rock bottom to me.
&gt;Eventually, I just decided “I’ve had enough” and that’s the real definition of rock bottom to me.
Despite all the problems it caused me, I lived the way alcohol made me feel.
Nothing in the world that made me feel as good as the first drink.
Good luck to you, bud.
