Original Response:
Yesterday I got turned down really badly. Been talking to this chick for a couple weeks, talking about meeting up, and we start talking about prior experiences. I admit I experimented with a couple guys back in college (8 years ago) and she said that that fact freaks her out to much to do anything romantic. I mean really? That's why? I don't know. Not really looking for advice, just had to vent.
Wait, why is this bad? People have preferences, heterosexuality is one of them for most.
That's the thing. I am heterosexual. It's just frustrating being discarded for trying something different almost a decade ago.
Doesn't work like that for most people I'm afraid. No-one's past is irrelevant.
note to self: stop trying new shit. 😂
Or become a better liar.
Nah, cuz if it ever comes out that it happened then there's major trust issues.
There are lots of women out there who aren't homophobic or judgmental. Think of this as dodging a bullet! Someone who wants to get to know you for real isn't going to be turned off by your past.
Can you explain why you think it’s homophobic to be apprehensive about starting a heterosexual relationship with someone who’s had same sex relationships before? Personally, I’d always be worried that I wasn’t enough for a bisexual person because I’m only one gender, and I have no interest in nonmonogamy.
Well, I can't speak for other situations, but I am heterosexual (yep, CIS male scum here 😅), and I experimented in college just so I could tell, definitively, if I was straight or bi.
That’s reasonable. Though I still think that with the right delivery, not wanting to date a man who’s had sexual encounters with men doesn’t make a woman homophobic or a jerk.
Lots of bisexual people are monogamous, so that's a big misconception to confront right off the bat. Whether or not someone has had same sex experiences has no bearing on whether or not they'll be faithful to you. Assuming so is stereotyping non-heterosexuals, it's a prejudice. 

Secondly, OP says he identifies as straight- the same sex experiences didn't do anything for him, so it's narrow-minded to try to apply labels to him based on his past actions, if those labels contradict how he describes his own sexual interests now. It's akin to treating someone as if they're "tainted" by past experience.
I never said bisexual people couldn't be monogamous. I would imagine that most bisexual people end up in plenty of monogamous relationships. My point is that if someone is interested in men and women, I would *feel* like I wasn't enough to satisfy all of their sexual desires. I didn't say anything about the bisexual person being unable to handle monogamy. 

On your second point, sexuality exists on a spectrum. While OP is only interested in heterosexual relationships now, I don't think it's unreasonable for someone to wonder where someone falls along the spectrum if they were able to engage in multiple homosexual acts in the past. If that makes someone uncomfortable, should they be shamed for that and act like it doesn't matter at all to them?

I think it'd be perfectly okay for someone to be uninterested in a romantic relationship with someone based on sexual acts they've done in the past (e.g. group sex, polyamory, casual sex, etc.). You're allowed to have preferences without degrading people or thinking less of them. I don't see why this case is any different.
&gt; I would feel like I wasn't enough to satisfy all of their sexual desires

This is based on a preconceived idea about what bisexual people want out of a relationship, though, that's what I'm saying.

You're totally *allowed* to feel that way. Everyone has preferences, whether they are innate or socialized, as long as they express those kindly, there shouldn't be an issue. But this preference *is* based on a preconceived idea about sexuality- it's a judgment borne of homophobic messaging in our society about bisexual people.
Dude, I was told the exact same thing by a guy I really liked. Didn't change how I felt at all. You'll find the right girl!
I’m still unclear on what my misconception is. My point is that when someone is interested in sexual relations with both sexes, one person might feel like they can’t satisfy every desire of their partner. For example, if I’m dating someone who likes to have anal sex sometimes, but that’s not my thing, I might feel like I can’t satisfy them. Yes, that person chose to be with me. Yes, that person chose to be in a relationship knowing that anal wouldn’t be on the table. No, that person doesn’t necessarily want to go have anal sex with someone else while they’re in a relationship with me. But the fact of the matter is, they’re turned on by something that I can’t do. Why is this situation different? 

Also I’m not sure how my attitude comes across in text, but I genuinely am open to changing my mind. I’m just not understanding why an aversion to dating someone with a bisexual past has to be rooted in homophobia or stereotypes of bisexual people.
Yeah.. heterosexual men dont have gay periods.

You slept with men, you're bi.
I really can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not.
So you're not bi? 

You really think you are a heterosexual male?
That is correct
But at one time you were attracted to men. Forgive my ignorance, I don't have a lot of experience with sexuality, but if you were attracted to men, wouldn't that make you bi?
Was and are are two different things.
Your gay in denial
While I admire your well crafted assessment, I must say that even if I were, I'm not gay enough to fuck your ass. 😂

Summary:
People have preferences, heterosexuality is one of them for most.
You really think you are a heterosexual male?
I really can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not.
I never said bisexual people couldn't be monogamous.
I would imagine that most bisexual people end up in plenty of monogamous relationships.
My point is that when someone is interested in sexual relations with both sexes, one person might feel like they can’t satisfy every desire of their partner.
Forgive my ignorance, I don't have a lot of experience with sexuality, but if you were attracted to men, wouldn't that make you bi?
