Original Response:
[removed]
Your boyfriend is a racist. Dump him.
Yes, her boyfriend definitely sounds like a dyed-in-the-wool racist. But this:

     in fact my old roommates had an "around the world" list where we tried to get with one guy of every race

is racist in itself as well. As a black guy, whenever I would date a white woman and I got a sense that part of the reason she's dating me is because I'm black and "blackness" holds some kind of bizarro significance for her (danger, novelty, suitability for physical but not long-term relations) I'd get out of there as quickly as possible.

That being said, of course the boyfriend is insecure and racist and even if he did have an iota of justification for his feelings (insofar as they may emanate from the fact that he is interested in monogamy and that casual sex is something he's avoided - or maybe his ruptured 'image' of his girlfriend as always wanting the same thing) he has chosen to express himself in the most childish and offensive way possible and in the process undercut any possibility for sympathy.
Moreover, the boyfriend himself wasn't a virgin when these two first dated. It tells you a lot that he had a huge issue with her having multiple previous partners, when he certainly wasn't saving himself either. It sounds like he's that classic combination of white supremacist, KKK, women should be virgins until marriage, don't-mix-the-races, I'm-the-king-of-my-castle type of dude. So, you know. A real catch.
Oh shit, I blew right past that. That is fucked up as well, you are right.
Yeah I thought the around the world list was gross as hell too
[removed]
I understand that you might take the position that instrumentalizing people for our own gratification on the basis of superficial traits when it comes to casual sex/ONS ("I've never been with a doctor!" "I've never gotten with a really tall guy!") and I'd agree. But I personally believe that using someone one the basis of their race and their race alone crosses a line beyond tacky. That's just my opinion as a PoC though, you're entitled to your own opinions and I respect that.

(e: s. structure)
[removed]
If you'd like I can elaborate on my position and if I'm clear it may even be to the benefit of OP.

**Why is fetishizing race worse than fetishizing red heads and other contingent features (height/profession)?**

Simply put because there is no reified history of grouping redheads in together under politically convenient institutional groupings that work against redheads in manifest ways.

When a guy says that he's always had a fantasy to sleep with a nurse and he finally meets a nurse that's keen on him and they have a ONS, his fantasy is quite impersonal and inoffensive! Of course the fact that he could have had *any* nurse (as long as she is pretty) renders her a bit dispensable but that's the nature of the game with ONS and everyone is cool with it. Whatever the underlying desires/preoccupations that inform his desire to sleep with a nurse are going to be largely banal, harmless and personal.

However, when a guy says that he's always had a fantasy to sleep with a Japanese girl there is more going on. He is *necessarily* flattening/reducing Japanese women to something. It's an unavoidable conclusion - there must be some content that informs this guy's idea of "Japanese women" (probably subservience, deference, pliancy) especially vis-a-vis white women. It is precisely this irrational content - because Japanese women are in reality many things and *can* be anything; boorish, ebullient, meek, vivavious etc. none of which are constrained by their Japanese-ness - that is at the heart of racism. 

Racism presumes that group X is in all cases Y. It is constraining and constricting and denies a human's ability to be anything other than traits imposed by an inherited history of racial violence, oppression, and dominance. Of course the notion this guy holds of Japanese women being subservient has a rapport with history - it's not his *own* notion! 

This is the second element that differentiates the question from redheads and nurses; a guy fetishising a redhead or nurse is not in communication with a history of killing and oppressing redheads, his fetish isn't a discrete moment of like constraining redheads to always be this exotic fantasy. But the guy who insists on his right to fetishise Japanese women without self-reflection *is* maintaining a system that casts Japanese (and more broadly Asian) women as biddable and shy.

e: Finally I'd ask you whether or not you frankly believe that the fellow who wants to sleep specifically with a Japanese woman because of his Japan-fetish, whether he can take off his fetish-glasses when he's hiring a salesperson for a position for which he needs an aggressive and bold risk-taker? Do you not fear that the totalizing ideas he has about Japanese women might prevent him from seeing one as a potential candidate for his job? You can see how not only continuing to harbour unexamined racist ideas but also *indulging* them might be destructive and unfair?

I hope I've been clear since this is of course a fraught subject.
[removed]
If he "just liked how Japanese girls look" then certain Korean girls would do the trick for him too. 

**"Race" is not a concept that reflects objective human genotypic groupings**.

Genotypes and phenotypes don't work that way. Even more crucially in this case, history is not so neat - humans have migrated across borders countless times, wars of conquest involved massive incidence of rape, and all manner of contexts for DNA-exchange occurred throughout history. Because of this there are many Korean women that have phenotypic expressions (bone structure, nose shape, eye shape, etc) closer to the "ideal" (lol) of Japanese women than many Japanese women. Does he specifically want to bang someone who holds a Japanese passport? If that's what he wants then my German-Canadian friend who has been living in Japan for the last 20 years should fit the bill as well!

I'm sorry if you don't see my point. A fake red head will do in the case of the fellow who has a fantasy for red heads. In the case of the Japanese fetish nothing will do other than the genuine article - that is, genuine **according to a set of tragically unexamined, reductive, flattening, and racist tropes**.

I understand that you have personally slept with people after caricaturing them according to some notions you have about their race. You might feel under attack because I, a black guy, am telling you that that's pretty lame. You shouldn't feel terrible - it's not the end of the world and it doesn't make you Mrs. Jim Crow. It's just tacky and lame and you should probably examine why you stereotyped people and whether there might be manifestations of these ideas beyond your casual sexual interactions.

Have a great day.
I literally don't know a single white girl that doesn't have a "thing" for black guys. It's normal, if you have an issue with it maybe you should take a step back and figure out why. It should be endearing. 

I think we'll break up tbh. Forgot, he started making up divorce statistics about people with high body counts, I guess I'll prove him right.
[removed]
On these topics I really do my best to teach instead of scoff but I really have to say the idea that I need to take a step back and appreciate it when white women are stereotyping me as something I'm not as long as it means I'm getting laid is pretty funny.

No thanks.

Let me try to find the locus of the problem for you. Black men typically, when imagined in the context of sexual desire, are stereotyped as being very specific things. Even if those things are desirable to some women (strong, dangerous, risky, domineering, sexually well-endowed, etc.) it's not because they might be negative that they are bad, it's because they are *constraining* that they are bad.

What does that mean for a black guy who is timid, who is physically weak but imaginative and loyal and funny? What does that mean for the black guy who *isn't* well-endowed, who isn't on the football team? Is he any less black? Do you not see the problem? It is precisely that you've erected an ideal-type of "Black Man" (most people will think of a gorgeous quarterback or a bouncer - someone who is physically intimidating but not interesting intellectually, basically a fucking caveman) that many if not most black men accord to.
I've done my best to express my opinions in clear and consistent logic, drawing on my own experiences as a black man who has been stereotyped for his race by thirsty white women. You seem to be pretty married to your feeling that what you've done and what other people do in stereotyping people of other races as being some kind of codex for the rest of their peoples is A-OK so I won't try to convince you any more. As I said in the beginning I respect your opinions and I hope you have a good day.
[removed]

Summary:
You might feel under attack because I, a black guy, am telling you that that's pretty lame.
However, when a guy says that he's always had a fantasy to sleep with a Japanese girl there is more going on.
That is fucked up as well, you are right.
Your boyfriend is a racist.
I literally don't know a single white girl that doesn't have a "thing" for black guys.
He is *necessarily* flattening/reducing Japanese women to something.
I understand that you have personally slept with people after caricaturing them according to some notions you have about their race.
Black men typically, when imagined in the context of sexual desire, are stereotyped as being very specific things.
