Original Response:
HIV is transmitted sexually or blood transfusion or sharing needles so who was the first person carrying the HIV?Did the virus mutate from something else? If it did so, then will it mutate again and take an even more dangerous form like transmission via air?
So it's thought it came from the same area that Ebola came from in Kenya although they are not really sure. As humans continue to expand and occupy new territory which was formerly jungle and wilderness we put ourselves at risk for contact with animals that may carry new diseases.  Add globalization and a new virus in the jungles of Africa continent could easily spread worldwide very quickly.  I just read a book called The Hot Zone by Richard Preston.  In it he follows the beginnings of Marburgs virus and Ebola as well as touching on HIV aids.  It's thought that human contact of blood form an infected animal. Possibly monkey.  FYI. That book is horrifying.  Makes you realize how fragile we are and how close we are to another global epidemic.
So are the monkeys just carriers or does the HIV exhibit same activity as in the humans?
[removed]
It mutates rapidly and may have passed to humans several times. As a note it is thought that it passed to humans while butchering Bush meat with cuts or open wounds
&gt;ReplysharereportSaveGive

HIV is believed to have mutated from Simian Immunodeficiency Virus or SIV, being virtually identical though infecting certain varieties of monkeys. Though no, it's not believed to have happened through sexual contact but through blood-to-blood transmission during slaughtering of monkeys for food.
Did SIV undergo mutations that affect other animals or birds?
Has the mutations allowed the virus to affect other birds and animals too?
Is there any reason why all these originate from this area in particular?
Umm.. Ebola source is believed to be some place in Guinea. Wonder where u got the Kenya thing.. 

Edit: The very first outbreak was in the former Zaire, now DRC. Guinea was the source of the more popular outbreak recently.
Expanding human population into an area where no humans lived before.  Ebola and Marburgs and HIV /AIDs have similiar traits. So it's probably that they all came from a parent strain and that evolved to different virus through mutations.  Remember that the virus is a living organism and it wants to survive. It can only do that through a host.  As its primary host starts to have a lower population it's looking for a new host with a greater population (as animals get crowded out and their population shrinks human populations are expanding) making humans a perfect home for the virus to live in. Hence they mutate to find new hosts.  It's only a matter of time before one of these mutates into something easily transmittable and knocks out half the human population. Scary thought yet probable.
[removed]
I thought I remember reading in "The Hot Zone" and Laurie Garret's "The Coming Plague" that HIV was thought to have originated and been carried along the Kinshasa Highway which is in the Congo. And the rapid spread was a result of the large number of prostitutes that conducted business along that route.
That is the very basis of Laurie Garret's "The Coming Plague"

A very good read.
[removed]
[removed]
*Remember that the virus is a living organism*

Not exactly. Viruses aren't living organisms.

*it wants to survive*

*it's looking for a new host with a greater population*

This makes viruses (and bacteria) sound like they willfully mutate to find new hosts. They don't. Mutations happen all the time and when they infect suitable hosts, they thrive (or not.)
[removed]
Also, the ideal virus is one that doesn't kill its host. At least not rapidly.
Thats kind of a complicated question. SIV is many different strains of a virus type that actually infect like 40 or 50 known simian species. There is actually some evidence that cross over events to humans has happened multiple times in history, with only the two that we know as HIV 1 and 2 causing the current epidemic. From what i understand there are similar (and possibly related?) immunodeficiency viruses in other mammals.
[deleted]
But there have been all kinds of these expansions: into the Amazon, New Guinea, the Han Chinese colonization of the tropical south, the movements that populated previously-uninhabited islands in Oceania. None of these, to my knowledge, created several new diseases. 

Is this one of those things where there really is no causal explanation, or is there something specific about the biodiversity, climate, etc. there?
Most diseases are more easily transferred between similar species (ignoring oddballs like leprosy), and Africa is home to chimps and binobos, which are the primates most closely related to humans.  Throw in gorillas and the rest of the primates in tropical Africa, and that's a lot of possible diseases to catch. 

Also, proximity to the other species and ease of transmitting the disease to other populations are also important components.  The combination of bushmeat being a thing in Africa at the same time that a person can get to pretty much any part of the world in a day or two increases the chance of a disease catching on.  For all we know, the Han did come across a disease like ebola or HIV and it wiped everyone out before it could spread very far.
[removed]
&gt; https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ga%C3%ABtan_Dugas

Considering how difficult (see: almost impossible) the Female-to-male transmission route is, that's highly unlikely.
The Ebola virus is named after the Ebola river in the **Congo** (then Zaire).

(*The Hot Zone* is also infamously sensationalized.)
Well I hate to burst your bubble but HIV goes back to the 1920s.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinshasa_Highway

And yes the origin of the AIDS pandemic began along the Kinshasa Highway.

https://www.bbc.com/news/health-29442642

And no HIV transmission from female to male is nowhere near "impossible" Statistically it's about 50% lower but nowhere near what you claim.

https://www.hivlawandpolicy.org/resources/heterosexual-risk-hiv-1-infection-sexual-act-systematic-review-and-meta-analysis


I think you've been given some bad information....
You might want to actually read the article before making an outlandish claim. From the BBC article itself: 

&gt;"Public health campaigns to treat people for various infectious diseases with injections seem a plausible route [for spreading the virus].

It would have to be something with a very high risk factor, like sharing needles, to cause a large scale outbreak. That chances of men contracting it from women are so infinitesimally small, that this route of transmission would be virtually impossible to cause an initial outbreak.
Goddamn dude, I studied Viral Pathology in college. Maybe you should actually try reading some of the aforementioned books and maybe actually read the articles yourself.

" AIDS spread quickly, as carriers of the disease travelled along its length on board cars and trucks, from populated areas to more isolated rural areas. Prostitutes at truck stops helped spread the disease even faster, and it is also referred to as the 'AIDS Highway'"

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinshasa_Highway
[removed]
Well sorry I don't have my textbooks from 1991 in front of me...I'm sure there packed away in my storage unit. 

You might however want to read Laurie Garret's  "The Coming Plague" or "And the Band played on" or even Preston's "The Hot Zone" although it revolves more around Ebola, Simian Hemorrhagic Fever, Lasso, Marburg and other filoviruses in more detail.
Which deal with how highways enabled the virus to spread. Not the spurious claim that prostitutes caused the initial outbreak. Ya might want to go back to college. Or at least just read your own recommended reading list.
[removed]
[removed]
Not that I know of but felines get FIV which is basically the same. I don’t think that they are related diseases though.
[removed]
Sex is not the only thing common to an area where prostitution is high. Drug use is extremely prevalent, as well. Linking the spread to prostitute activity doesn't necessarily link sex as the greatest spreader of the virus in that particular scenario. One could speculate that males passed it to the women prostitutes more readily through sex and they in turn spread it through the sharing of infected needles. There could be other factors at work. Correlations do not always give clear causation.
Where did I say that "sex" was the causative factor? I made a simple statement of fact. The origins of the original HIV pandemic have been traced to the Kinshasa Highway region of the Congo. An area rife with prostitution which helped fuel it's spread.

It seems like there's some kind of strange mental gymnastics going on in the thread where some people are bending over backwards to deny that female heterosexuals are incapable of transmitting HIV to hetero male partners. IS this some kind of weird red pill thing on Reddit?
[removed]
I was just offering some alternative ideas that supported both sides since people were going back and forth on whether or not that particular issue was possible. Adding to the overall discussion, not replying strictly to you.
[removed]
I don't know specifically about birds but there are other viruses and diseases in other animals that have similar results. Feline leukemia comes to mind.
[removed]

Summary:
It can only do that through a host.
Expanding human population into an area where no humans lived before.
Remember that the virus is a living organism and it wants to survive.
It's thought that human contact of blood form an infected animal.
I don't know specifically about birds but there are other viruses and diseases in other animals that have similar results.
It mutates rapidly and may have passed to humans several times.
Hence they mutate to find new hosts.
I don’t think that they are related diseases though.
*Remember that the virus is a living organism*

Not exactly.
Sex is not the only thing common to an area where prostitution is high.
