Original Response:
As some of you may know, I'm a retired prosecutor who specialized in crimes against women and children during most of my career.  A lot of those cases involved so called "historical" sexual assaults - those from many years ago.

Historical cases create very many difficulties for both the accused and the complainant.  

For the accused person, the historical gap almost inevitably leads to a loss of evidence which could exculpate them.  Physical evidence will be long gone, and memories fade.  Many times, the specific dates of the allegations are not clear, making it nearly impossible to provide an alibi or other affirmative defenses.

For the complainant, inculpatory evidence likewise disappears, and memories also fade.

It is simply very difficult to find out the ultimate truth, because the tools we normally use to find it are simply lost to time.  There will be no physical evidence, videotapes or DNA, and witnesses may have forgotten or died, etc.

There is always an uneasy tension between holding criminals accountable for horrid crimes on the one hand, and the need to ensure that no innocent person is wrongly convicted.  

Because of this, many jurisdictions have statutes of limitations, preventing prosecution of crimes that were not reported within years of the offence.  Likewise, in the USA, there are requirements that the prosecution bring the accused to trial within a reasonable time.

While this is unfair to victims, at the same time, these limitations are meant to prevent potentially even greater unfairness - an innocent person being punished for a crime they did not commit.  Sometimes, there is no perfect resolution.

I watched the entirety of the hearing today, including Ford and Kavanaugh's testimony.  

Ford seemed quite credible, but you will recall that her evidence was vague.  She has very few memories of the incident, and is unable to specify the day or month it occurred.  The things she does remember are consistent with how the brain really processes memories.

Kavanaugh seemed to avoid giving a contrary version, though he remained adamant that he did not sexually assault Ford, or anyone else.

He is in a difficult position, if he is innocent, because the vagueness of the allegations prevents him from providing effective affirmative defense, such as alibi.

If he was accused of the offence on X date, he may be able to show he was not at the party.  But, even if he was given an actual date for the allegation, given that it occurred 30 years ago, any alibi evidence he may have had could equally be gone.  

But, perhaps the most important point that I want to make is that this Senate hearing is one of the least effective ways to uncover the truth.  It was really a mockery of how the legal system normally determines such serious allegations.

There was no real examination or cross examination of witnesses.  The 3 other witnesses at the house provided written statements, but were not cross-examined on them.  In a court of law, this is virtually unheard of.  

There should have been an FBI investigation, and then a brief put together, and all key witnesses should have been examined by two opposing counsel, at a minimum.

This Senate hearing was more political theater than it was a search for truth - for either Ford or Kavanaugh.  If anything, I think the American people should be upset as to how abysmally this hearing treated such important issues.

This entire procedure was doomed from the beginning.  It had no hope of providing an accurate glimpse into the truth of the allegations.  

This bothers me, because so many victims and accused will see this hearing, and become disillusioned by this abhorrent process.

** edit:  everyone arguing here about whether the Democrats or the Republicans cared less about the truth - you are all splendidly missing the point.

From my perspective as a retired prosecutor, it's clear to me that neither side was particularly interested in the truth.  This was political.

I had hoped this post might have more discussion about how we should treat the metoo movement, and make sure it isnt perverted, by either tribe. **
One of them is lying.
That's my point, sadly.

And, because of the fact that both US parties treated this as political capital rather than an earnest quest to determine the next appropriate Supreme Court Judge, the American people are left with a very poor basis on which to make their decision.

Both political parties used the metoo movement politically, and damaged it.
&gt; used the metoo movement politically

The metoo movement was political the day it became a hashtag.
That's not the same thing is it? There's the movement being political and then there is using the movement as a political tool and damaging said tool.
Not necessarily. I honestly think that each of them sincerely believed the core elements of their claims. (He was clearly lying about the secondary stuff like what the yearbook entries meant and the extent of his drinking.) But they both honestly appeared to believe that the specific incident did or did not happen. Currently I think the issue is one of memory and someone earnestly misremembering (or not remembering) what happened.
In addition, current public opinion appears to be with Kavanaugh. I would love to know who is correct. I still don't support his nomination, but I don't support a wrongful accusation either.

The thing that pisses me off is the "oh look at this poor, incredibly successful man, with his beautiful family values, and strong republican beliefs, being slandered" line of reasoning.

He's a career politician and judge. He is a public speaker and incredibly familiar with case law and how to sound innocent. The fact that people see him talking and go "oh wow he's so powerful" is to be expected. It's a political play, and getting sucked into it on either side is stupid, but believing someone who should reasonably be a master of deception, when he only has his own skin to save, and a lot to gain from sounding innocent, is blind. I've had people continually try to say that they've "thought critically about it, and so know that he's right". Complete BS, the court of public opinion is not a valid court, and it's one that the career politician is obviously going to win.

The right is happy no matter what he actually did because either they have a guy who is innocent and can defend himself well, or a slimy bastard who can lie and push anything through.

I guess I'm just annoyed that the US is going down the path of corruption and popularist policy which put a power mad dictator in power in Turkey, and half the US seems not to care as long as it fits into their nice little box of "how I think things should be".
Was neither side pushing for an FBI investigation? Could they push for it, despite no charges being pressed and the statute of limitations?
I haven't watched the full Ford interview, but Kav's really rubbed me the wrong way. I'm not sure what exactly.
The Dems were. Kav in his opening statement said he would accept anything, but when directly asked the question always deflected.
Because he acted like a petulant child who feels entitled to sit on SCOTUS?
Another odd thing is the keeping of calendars from 1982. Nobody other than someone with a slimy past would need to keep records from 36 years ago. They sure as hell aren't for IRS audits. It just seems strange to me
I don't agree.  You're only lying if you *know* what you are saying is false.

&amp;#x200B;

Ford has a "recovered" memory.  There have been many cases of recovered memories not being accurate.  There are also many cases of regular memories being false years later.

&amp;#x200B;

Ford could be truthfully telling what she remembers, yet what she remembers is not what happened.

&amp;#x200B;

In that case, neither would be lying.
Both were used for political purposes. I am ashamed by these individuals who are supposed to represent the people of this country. That mess had nothing to do with seeking the truth.
It's weird that a lawyer/judge was waving around scribbled calendars like they were the Ten Commandments cut in stone by God himself. That stuff wasn't exculpatory. He's got a very low bar for credible evidence.
Or desperately not wanting to remember it or see it from another perspective. He could sincerely believe he did not sexually assault her. But what would he say to : is it possible that a 17 year old boy, under the influence and egged on by a drunk friend, made a seriously sloppy attempt to seduce a younger girl at a party? That he was inexperienced, clearly missed signals, and/or was embarassed that she did not respond the way be wanted her to?
&gt; There have been many cases of recovered memories not being accurate. There are also many cases of regular memories being false years later. 

This was my thought at first, but most of those times recovered memories are not accurate because of implantation or suggestion on the part of someone else. That doesn't appear to have happened here; there's solid corroborating evidence that she's remembered it as Kavanaugh for years - long before he would have been implanted as a suspect and much closer to the actual date.

So there are really four options here:

1) She's lying in order to undermine his attempt to become a Supreme Court justice.

2) She is mistaken and was actually assaulted by someone else.

3) He's lying to protect his family, career, and possibly freedom from prison (since there's no statute of limitations).

4) He doesn't remember because he was drunk at the time.

Out of the four, I don't buy #1 at all, honestly, and I don't think anyone at these hearings (including Kavanaugh) is actually suggesting it. I've already talked about 2 being less plausible than it seems at first. That leaves 3 and 4, both of which incriminate him, and neither of which is implausible. If this were a criminal trial, it wouldn't be enough to convict. But this isn't a criminal trial, it's more of a job interview, and the question is whether this is really the best candidate that they can find. After yesterday, I don't believe it is.
I think out of your 4 options, option 2 is most likely. 

 I dont think option 1 is out of the question either, but the lie being limited to knowing it wasn't Kavanaugh but saying it was for political purposes.  He is seen as a balance of power change to the court that could jeopardize abortion rights.  Is saving the right to choose for millions of women worth a lie?  And does someone who would take away that right deserve fair treatment?  I think it is very easy to justify a lie here.


The big problem Ford has is that all 4 people that could corroborate her story, denied that it happened.

Options 3 and 4 can be tossed out 

There is some weak evidence supporting that she thinks it is true (polygraph and therapy notes that don't identify Kavanaugh). But there is, literally, no evidence to support her story being actually true.
Why would you say option 4 can be tossed out?
There's no corroborating evidence that this party happened or that Kavanaugh was there, and the 4 people that were supposed to corroborate the story, deny it.  There's no reason to speculate on the sobriety of someone that wasn't even there.
There are witnesses that he was often excessively drunk, "even by the standards of the time." There are witnesses to his aggressive behavior towards women at parties. And there are multiple accusers whose credibility is good. How does that add up to "toss it out" in your world?  Remember that this is not a criminal trial. "Beyond reasonable doubt" does NOT apply. This is about what is believable. Your comment is bizarre.
&gt; the lie being limited to knowing it wasn't Kavanaugh but saying it was for political purposes. He is seen as a balance of power change to the court that could jeopardize abortion rights. Is saving the right to choose for millions of women worth a lie? And does someone who would take away that right deserve fair treatment? I think it is very easy to justify a lie here. 

This shows to me how little you're able to empathize what this woman is going through. What does she stand to gain personally? Being seen as a hero to prevent reproductive rights? Is that worth having your family's life threatened and utterly disrupted, and being moved around in protective custody? For what? So that other people can have an abortion?

She stands nothing to gain personally. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that you're simply empathizing with Kavanaugh more - as a fellow guy, it's inherently easier to understand the seemingly random threat of being accused than it is to understand the threat of being sexually assaulted. But the idea that she's lying is so implausible that nobody in this process is even entertaining the idea.

So the argument is over 2. Is she wrong? Then why has she seemingly believed it was him for so many years? Nothing in her story fails the sniff test, and there are a lot of loose strings. 

&gt; The big problem Ford has is that all 4 people that could corroborate her story, denied that it happened. 

Not quite. They denied seeing it. The only other witness that is alleged to have been there was Mark Judge, but her story made it sound like he was drunk too, and remember - he would *also* be legally culpable for that action. It's not like he's an innocent party in all of this, which means that he should be cross-examined to determine the veracity of his statements.
[removed]
Do you believe there is a middle ground where both are, to the best of their knowledge, telling the truth? That Ford could have a mistaken identity or even a false memory?

I mean the only way they're both being honest but Kavanaugh is mistaken is if he was so drunk he doesn't remember, but that runs contrary to other statements he made so he would still  be lying.

It's just that listening to each one separately...they both convince me of their honesty.
There is always a small possibility of something like this.  People can be honestly mistaken about a lot of things, but it is rare for two people to hold *diametrically opposed* recollections of events. Usually, there would need to be a compelling reason why two people could honestly remember an event so differently.

As I've said in other posts here, I tended to find Ford credible.  Kavanaugh didnt really provide any detail in his defense, except for a blanket "it didnt happen."  Its hard to blame him for that though, because it if was made up, that's all he can really say in his defence.

All in all, I'm sort of in the same boat as you.  They both present reasonably compelling positions.  I'm left in a state of not knowing the truth.

Which is why I am quite disgusted with the process used here.  We could have had a better process that would have given us a better chance of making an informed decision
No he said he never met her before, it’s not an issue of interpretation.
I'm not sure it's really different.  Kinda in the you can kick a turd but you still get shit on your shoe sense.
I'm glad to see this sub is more accepting of that view (I got banned from a left-leaning sub that shares many of the same views as this one for even bringing up the fact that there is a possibility Ford isn't accurate in her memories).

It's why I'm concerned about how this all turns out.  The chances of knowing he definitely did it are so tiny that all this will lead to is unrest.  And honestly, can you blame people who believe Kavanaugh?  Especially those who know him?
And it's not Ford!

\#Ibelieveher
It very much illustrates the problem that one can’t even posit the possibility that Ford’s memories are inaccurate without being tossed from a left-leaning forum.  It is impossible to learn the truth if one believes one already knows it.
Although I agree that he was heated and did respond in entitled ways. If he is innocent, I am not sure I would have acted very differently. This accusation could ruin his career. If false, I would be furious myself, so it is hard to know exactly how one of us would act in this situation. If guilty then I would certainly agree 100% with you.
The posts are still visible if you go into my profile and if someone else tells me that I said something worthy of being banned I'd happily reconsider my position, but even the response I got from the mod explaining why (along with the condescending and deceitful response to the message in the thread) doesn't make sense and does not cover what I actually said, either intentionally or otherwise.

But in a more general sense, I really do believe it's one of the things that has empowered the alt-right.  When you call people bigots who are not bigoted, it makes them start to think "Hey, maybe these guys that they're calling racist/sexist/homophobic are being mislabeled just like I am."
[removed]
I strongly agree with your second paragraph.  The Left does itself no favors by vilifying anyone who dares so much as question their handed-down rules of what is allowed to be said or thought. 

Remember that Orwell was writing about the left.
I agree that could be it. I think the struggle we have in this #metoo movement is that not all offenses are created equal and unfortunately everything is getting lumped together and treated at the extreme end of the spectrum. I think this does a disservice to the offender and the victim as it raises the bar a victim needs to meet and treats all offenders like they are rapists. It is absolutely a necessary movement, but it is very very dangerous if we let the court of public opinion run too far and too fast unchecked by due process.
It sounds like she talked to a therapist who helped her "recover a memory"
I think democrats starting focusing on the person themselves instead of their qualifications. Same happened with Trump. It doesn't work.
Do you have a source for that?
Her counselor shared notes of what Ford said. 

Do I need to dig up that? A lot of people cited that as "proof" and I was skeptical because people are so open to coaching.
But this was not a trial. Why can't the middle ground be "we can't determine what happened here. In order to make sure that people have confidence in the highest court in the country, let's choose someone else "
Having notes of a conversation and coaching someone through memory recovery are not at all the same thing.
[removed]
It's not controversial to say that memories fade over time. 


It's not controversial to say that therapists and counselors are compassionate and are financially incentivized to make their clients feel good about themselves. 


The two combined can result in confabulation. 

Therapists are not trained investigators.
I thought the calendar was good evidence that he was a party animal as a teen, one who got into trouble on a regular basis.  It hardly exonerates him.  


I'm a person who has done a few things I regret.  I have to own those things to myself and those I'm close to if I want to say I'm a better person now than I used to be.  I don't have to tell the whole world about it all, thankfully--but I'm not up for a SCOTUS seat.
You are much, much more concise than I am but that is exactly what I think ought to happen.
The ambiguity of the entire thing and willingness to leave it at that should be a disqualifier in itself.
He was a total asshole and asked the person *interviewing him for a job* if they had ever gotten blackout drunk after they asked him. That's really combatative, agressive and totally inappropriate. He does not belong on the bench.
Kavanaugh acts exactly like a guilty man who has been entitled his whole life. He's using the classic "scream in anger" to try to show how outraged he is by his accuser, but there are 3 more accusers. He is guilty as fuck. He is a fucking rapist and I hope he ends up losing his license to practice.
&gt;It is impossible to learn the truth if one believes one already knows it.

This is a great quote and needs to be repeated on this sub on this matter as much as possible. 

Because reality is, so many people are so convinced she's telling the truth and he's lying but as of now, in reality, we have NO way of actually knowing that. Yet it's thrown around like it's gospel. "Well, he's a sexual predator, so..." types of quotes, all over. I'm so disappointed in how I'm seeing so many people, on this sub and way beyond, react to this whole situation. I can't help but be almost positive that so many people are reacting from a political opinions standpoint, which is just so wrong.
Because what will stop this from happening over and over again if we just toss Kavanaugh aside because this happened and we won't know the truth? What's to stop someone from making an allegation, true or not, against the next nominee? And the next one? No matter what political party? At that point, nothing will stop unhinged hyper partisan morons from coming out of the woodwork claiming some assault happened 35 years ago, because they will know it will mean the one they don't want confirmed won't get confirmed. 

Fwiw I don't know wtf happened to Ford, if anything, or who did it. Maybe it was Kavanaugh, maybe not. We will likely never know the truth. My last sentence in the previous paragraph is not about her, but my fears of the ones to come after her if we have it your way.
Here's why that argument doesn't carry any weight with me: it's akin to a slippery slope argument. You're basically saying that if we allow this to stop his confirmation, it's going to open the floodgates for others to do the same in the future. However, if that does happen, we will clearly see it happening and people can call it out.

In this situation, on one hand we run the risk of elevating a sexual assailant and liar to the SCOTUS. And on the other end, we run the risk of keeping an innocent man on the federal court of appeals instead of the SCOTUS. The Supreme Court should have only the best of the best with the squeakiest of clean records on it because it is absolutely critical for people to have faith in the highest court of our country. The left despises the partisanship of Neil Gorsuch, but there were no allegations against him. Confirming Kavanaugh because you're worried that the same thing will happen to future judges is a horrible justification IMO.

The GOP only nominates the most partisan of judges who they are confident will vote their way, and we see that play out with the conservative justices ruling in lock step with each other very consistently. Kavanaugh demonstrated very clear partisanship in the hearings today, which itself should be disqualifying.
The world could really benefit from more humility. Pretending we know everything is a recipe for disaster.
All of the grandstanding speeches were eyerollers.
How about you don't fucking accuse somebody of rape when you don't have a clue if it was them who raped you. How many stories of dudes who've been behind bars for 20 years + and then released because they were falsely accused without evidence do you have to hear? 

Does no body have sympathy for the accused? You people are ridiculous. Use your heads, there is absolutely nothing that proves he's a rapist.
Please show me exactly where I accused him of rape.

Edited to add: to be crystal clear, **none** of the three accusers has claimed Kavanaugh raped her.

Dr. Ford said she was afraid he was going to rape her. She escaped.

Rameriz said he exposed himself to her and she had to push him away.

The third said she was a victim of a train rape in an environment where Kavanaugh (and Judge) were present. She never said Kavanaugh raped her.

Summary:
One of them is lying.
I agree that could be it.
Maybe it was Kavanaugh, maybe not.
That's not the same thing is it?
This is about what is believable.
You're only lying if you *know* what you are saying is false.
There have been many cases of recovered memories not being accurate.
4) He doesn't remember because he was drunk at the time.
There's the movement being political and then there is using the movement as a political tool and damaging said tool.
And honestly, can you blame people who believe Kavanaugh?
I dont think option 1 is out of the question either, but the lie being limited to knowing it wasn't Kavanaugh but saying it was for political purposes.
&gt; There have been many cases of recovered memories not being accurate.
&gt; the lie being limited to knowing it wasn't Kavanaugh but saying it was for political purposes.
She never said Kavanaugh raped her.
He could sincerely believe he did not sexually assault her.
&amp;#x200B;

Ford has a "recovered" memory.
I think it is very easy to justify a lie here.
The big problem Ford has is that all 4 people that could corroborate her story, denied that it happened.
I still don't support his nomination, but I don't support a wrongful accusation either.
I think out of your 4 options, option 2 is most likely.
&gt; The big problem Ford has is that all 4 people that could corroborate her story, denied that it happened.
It's not controversial to say that memories fade over time.
That Ford could have a mistaken identity or even a false memory?
I'm not sure what exactly.
There are also many cases of regular memories being false years later.
We will likely never know the truth.
