Original Response:
I‘ve seen so many of the „narrowing down pics“ in the past couple of months. This is like reading tea leaves, it doesn‘t mean much. BTC could go down to 5000 after this „narrowing“, or even into the 3000 range, before another bull run starts. The next bull run will probably start at the end of 2019, 3 to 4 months ahead of the next block reward halving,
&gt; „narrowing“

What kind of key-input system produces quote marks like that?

(And, in what country/region of the world are those quote marks considered normal?)

Thanks.
Germany
Thanks for the reply; I hadn't seen that type before.
Not only Germany. Other European regions, too.
ironically US fomatting and unit systems are mostly the anomaly.
Or it could never happen, there's the same chance of both. It might be already at the correct price.
I highly doubt it's the same chance
Iceland uses these quotation marks as well
Why? Because you want it to go higher?
You have no balls if you don't say it will go down to $500, you fucker! $5000 and $3000 values were the regular FUD like 3-4 months ago. 

The latest wave of FUD caught anti-BTC bankster paid shills posting values as low as $1000, so double check your directions as you're FUDing the wrong way!
Calm down and stop the namecalling. I wrote 5000, not 500. And I’ve been holding Bitcoin since 2013, I probably own a lot more than you. So if you can‘t deal with the fact that this might be a dead cat bounce and we may still in a bear market for a year, maybe call your mum or a psychotherapist.
&gt; caught anti-BTC bankster paid shills

Proof?
* „Germany“
* «Russia»

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quotation_mark
Because supply is finite and demand constant to growing. As long as those variables keep in place, price will go up.
But the supply is finite now and demand is constantly growing but the price is going down. But nobody knows what the future will hold, it might go down to 100$ each and a few places will accept it or it might go to 10,000$ and everyone will accept it.
&gt; supply is finite and demand constant[ly] growing.

Supply is finite and the utility of Bitcoin is constantly growing.

The price moves unpredictably with episodes of mania lasting a couple months where price rises faster than can be justified by the increase in utility, and prolonged periods lasting up to two years of a depressed price that does not account for the gradual improvements to Bitcoin during such period which increases its utility and justifies a higher price.
Price is going down looking from the ath. Zoom out AT LEAST two years. Nothing but upsides, not only in price, in everything: nodes up, scaling debate done (for now), second layer technologies emerging (lightning), bakkt, next halving to come ... even the growth of this particular subreddit lol

Zoom out five years: INSANE upsides.
So it's always going to increase in price according to your rules? because it's always going to go up and down and then go back up to higher.
We already know the supply limit and roughly when the last coin will be mined, that is already priced in.
Don't you want a lower price to be able to buy more? You do know that a higher price means your fiat becomes worth less against btc?
Price won't increase infinitely of course, because nothing does. But 6-8k is nothing. Also 20k is nothing in the long run. There is _huge_ room for growth. 

Think the difference 2013 to today (5 yrs). Then today to 2023.

Also do not focuse on price alone. don't invest more that you can afford to lose and all that, of course. 

Bitcoin is a disruptive unprecedented technology. 

The future is going to be very exciting, one way or another.
lol how could that be priced in?
Wrong: price can and will continue to increase infinitely.  
However, the rate of growth will decrease over time.
Because we know the supply limit is 21 million?
But according to your logic if 6-8k is nothing and 20k is nothing, investing everything I currently have is a no risk investment.

Summary:
But the supply is finite now and demand is constantly growing but the price is going down.
lol how could that be priced in?
Because you want it to go higher?
&gt; supply is finite and demand constant[ly] growing.
Supply is finite and the utility of Bitcoin is constantly growing.
