Original Response:
Reddit continues to selectively enforce their ToS, letting several hate groups operate while also providing them a legitimate gathering place.

This is not some free speech experiment. There are many, many vulnerable people: Elderly, young, learning disability ect. These individuals have a harder time with critical thinking, and are easily swayed with emotionally charged language, *especially fear and anger*.

Reddit absolutely needs to take a *proactive, engaged position in their community*. Instead, they are mostly as hands off as possible, delegating community standards to the mods.

*That's not good enough*. They need to have a team of actual people, willing to come forward, and move towards a more active approach.
I agree there is a severe anti-Conservative and anti-white bias on here they should sort out.
I agree. They need to remove and replace the mods of T_D and /r/politics!
Womp womp
Just so we're clear: if this comment doesn't give you away as a radical right-winger, then your post history does. The users of this website aren't the ones with the crazy bias -- it's you.
[deleted]
Yeah saying theres a liberal bias gets me massively downvoted and in your mind that doesn't prove me right, nice one retard
[deleted]
Nothing about /r/politics is similar to T_D
Here’s a novel idea- if you don’t like what the sub is about, don’t fucking read it.
T_D users would say the same. I know it’s hard to get out of the bubble but they are both absurd subs. But there are very very few political subs even worth reading so that is to be expected.
They have MULTIPLE hate subreddits making fun of socially awkward and autistic people but it’s okay because they are men. I don’t think any sub should be banned but banning FPH and not these others seems messed up.
Inherently different. T_D is obviously a fan club for supporters who like to stay around like minded people. It’s meant to be biased. It’s supposed to. The politics sub is not. It’s incredibly biased and hypocritical.
yes, politics is worse.

T_D at least advertises exactly what it is

/r/politics pretends to be neutral, yet its a 100% liberal echo chamber.
Here’s a novel idea: when someone writes an article about all the things that have gotten better about a website, and someone else expresses their feeling that there are still problems, shut up and listen.
Both total circlejerks
Yea you're missing how this works. Reddit is a website with a primarily young age group. That's an age group that skews left. If you come here expecting to not encounter a liberal bias - and in fact, are so affronted you bitch about it: You're the one that needs to be clued in. Just because a private entity does not echo you're positions doesn't make it biased. In this context you're the biased one because you're coming into a liberal space and acting surprised that everyone else doesn't agree with you. The world is a big place, and whatever tiny speck you come from is a minority view. The users and owners of this site have no obligation to make your views feel accepted, respected, or even fucking tolerated you silly racist.
Reality has a liberal bias.  You want the world's presentation warped to match your views, stick to your snowflake-containment subs.
If you were right that there's extreme liberal bias, you would be downvoted because of that bias.

If you were *wrong* that there's extreme liberal bias, you would be downvoted for insulting people with no justification.

Outcome is the same either way. You proved nothing.
Waaaaaaaaah. Playing the victim.
/r/politics doesn't ban people for having differing views. If the masses downvote you for having outdated or close minded views that's not an issue for the moderating team to figure out.
TD isn’t a debate sub. The reality is they need strict moderation. They exist on a very liberal platform so if they didn’t moderate it to ensure the community stayed on point the sub would be drowned out with debate all day and everything from a republican would be downvoted. They need some control. Which is why they are different than politics. 

However politics is an aggressive circle jerk. People get incredibly hostile at any nuanced position that isn’t strictly in line. I know when I disagree with conservatives in their other corners, they never come at me as hostile as the hoarde in the politics sub does.
here's a better idea: be an actual Marxist instead of an liberal idpoler.
Here's an even noveler betterer idea: bleh blah splash glag bleb blib
lol.

You are so confused.
Thanks for the input. Really changed my mind.
If conservative talking points could stand on their own, why would they need protection from mods?
What a strange response
yeah SRS and so forth are a real problem
If one of your roommates has made it his mission in life to do nothing but piss off the other roommates, at a point, simply not seeking out that roommate for conversation is insufficient and it’s better for everyone just to send him packing.
To be honest, it's far too late. They should have been proactively engaging the community 6+ years ago. Whatever community Reddit used to have is long gone now.

Case in point: how many redditors even know about the reddiquette?
Let's petition the mods to put back in /r/jailbait is since if you don't like what the sub is about, don't fucking read it. Fuck it let's put it all back on Reddit right?
Which ones?
Just neck beard things is pretty big
I didn't realize screenshots people who don't understand normalized intrasex interactions or misogynistic private messages means people are socially awkward or autistic people. You make it sound like that sub goes after people with disabilities. I'm pretty sure that sub is for criticizing assholes without knowing anything more about them than the screenshot or picture at hand.
Most of that sub criticizes people based entirely on being socially awkward losers who badly need guidance. Most of the stuff is just them being weird like having anime pillows, fedoras, or into stupid katanas. It’s all about making fun of them for being fat losers.
I baked a cake today.
What's an "idpoler"?
idpol-er.

identity politics -er
To be fair, people downvote what they don't agree with. It isn't about an idea holding its own when someone just downvotes and moves on.
If you consider an "anti-white-power" bias to be an "anti-white" bias, then sure.
Is it? The article is about how reddit as a whole has improved, and someone opines that some areas still need work. Someone else suggests just looking away. Why?
I've been here 8 years and can't recall a time where anyone really followed reddiquette.
Wouldn't more people agree with conservative points, if those points were able to stand on their own?
What's popular is not always right, and what's right is not always popular. Add in that people/organizations can just straight up buy upvotes on this site, and also that people, again, just downvote for disagreement and move on.
Oh. I forgot to mention that! Thanks for reminding me, I got paid 50 sorobucks for my two comments in this thread! 25 more and I'll be able to buy another vote in the election!
8 years ago we at least bugged people about it.
You're being intentionally obtuse. If companies can and do buy upvotes and accounts to push their products, so can and do political organizations.

You're making the ridiculous assertion that popularity = correctness or validity, and you don't want to even discuss that that is not how things work. When I made a point, you downvoted me and made some snide, trolling comment. You are part of the problem, and there's no point in continuing this conversation with you.
Go lick Putin's toes, troll.
You've failed to address the original comment:

If conservative talking points would stand on their own, why would they need protection from the mods?
You people are so weirdly obsessed with Russia. Thanks for proving my point by the way.
Maybe because we've got a compromised president and an army of Russian trolls sowing division on social media (including Reddit)?  Not like they made a direct attack on our democratic elections to get Cheeto Jesus in office, right?
That isn't what occurred above
&gt;ot like they made a direct attack on our democratic elections to get Cheeto Jesus in office, right?

They actually funded a lot of Black lives Matter ads. If you want to look who is sowing division and executing an agenda, look at Israel. Stop spazzing out with your catch phrases.
Israel and Russia are both attempting to massively manipulate our society and democratic process.  Anyone complicit deserves exposure and excoriation.  

Trump is compromised from his money laundering for the Russian mob.  Do you deny this?
&gt; Trump is compromised from his money laundering for the Russian mob.

lol ok. wasn't it putin a minute ago?
Yeah, and Putin isn't connected to the Russian mob through his oligarch crew?
No that would be fucking retarded, but I guess it sounds plausible to the "every single Russian in the world works for Putin" crew.
It's well-documented fact that Putin has an inner circle of oligarchs that maintain their wealth and influence through being in his inner circle.    


It's equally well-documented fact that many of these industrial oligarchs are central figures in different facets of Russian organized crime.  It's also a well-documented fact that the Trump organization relied on these same figures (and their connected lieutenants) to finance their properties around the globe at obscenely inflated prices.   


The connection is indisputable if you're literate and expose yourself to anything outside of breitbart and fox news.
yeah okay I can definitely see how "putin has rich friends" can lead you to "putin directly controls the russian mob" what a sane and normal point.
Might be time to actually educate yourself on the topic, with an open mind using legit sources.  Without any condescension, you sound brutally ignorant.
i have read everything there is to know, and what i know is russian interests funded ads for black lives matter and i don't hear people like you saying they are a foreign controlled subversive threat.
You are legitimately too stupid and ignorant to have a real conversation with.  Divisive ads placed by Russia to enflame the right-wing dipshits and misconstrue Black Lives Matter are supporting the case against Russia successfully influencing the election (by directly influencing the most stupid and gullible of our country). 

That aside, the real question is whether that Russian propaganda/misinformation support was due to Trump being a compromised asset in any number of ways.  It's looking pretty damn probable that he's been compromised from corrupt money laundering deals with Russian oligarch financiers since the 90's.

Educate yourself, you fucking fool.
Wait so why would they need to buy ads if he is a compromised asset (redundant phrasing by the way, you emotionally unstable retard)

It's actually funny how you cling to this lie, oh yeah they bought ads to make BLM look bad! Everything that's bad is Russia!

The funnier thing is I've actually given you points to prove I've read this shit and all you can do is handwave them. I'm starting to think you haven't read any of this. Maybe you're a CNN bot.

Keep spazzing out by the way I'm loving this. I'm ignorant, I'm a fool! Yes of course Putin runs the mob, dictators who control everything love propping up subversive non government elements! Fucking idiot.
Of course the BLM ads were designed to mis-characterize that movement, and they worked, in large part.  Do you really believe that BLM was _benefited_ in some way by those ads?  Your gullibility matches that of the other drooling morons swallowing Trump's load on a daily basis. 

Their entire approach around BLM was to create further division through identity politics around what was identified as Trump's base; primarily angry white men with limited education.  That's his core, and creating fake BLM ads to give them another identity-defining oppositional message was a picture-perfect example of manipulating those fools.  

I hope you realize what an idiot you are when Trump's traitorous ass gets run out of the White House, but it's pretty doubtful you'll ever have the mental capacity for self-reflection or the discernment of truth necessary to do so.
do you seriously think BLM was hurt by Facebook ads?
Of course they were, are you kidding?

How would BLM as a movement possibly benefit from fake FB ads played up to give them a an over-exaggerated stance on anything that was an obviously counter-appeal?  

The real BLM was never trying to sell itself, it was just people showing up asking for justice and accountability in neighborhoods and communities where there was none.  At it's core it is something that should appeal to the vast majority of Americans; no one good wants injustice for ourselves, our kids, or our fellow Americans.  

It was turned into propaganda marketing by targeted FB ads designed to play into the most extreme stereotypes and portray an entire movement as something that was antithetical to the cultural group that was most vulnerable to this sort of bullshit propaganda.  The ads successfully turned BLM into a hostile caricature and something that, as portrayed, made a lot of older white people feel like there was a culture war going on.

As we saw, in many cases, identity politics and a manipulated sense of an ongoing cultural war played a huge part in Trump getting elected.  

I'm not making this shit up, man.  I'm a white guy over 40 who grew up in rural Oklahoma, with a lot of relatives that I love having been completely suckered by exactly these methods.
&gt; How would BLM as a movement possibly benefit from fake FB ads played up to give them a an over-exaggerated stance on anything that was an obviously counter-appeal? 

Where are the ads you saw? I haven't seen any that gave them an over-exaggerated (once again, redundant, you retard) stance. All the insane shit I've heard comes from BLM leaders. Explain to me how Russia made them look bad. 

&gt;The real BLM was never trying to sell itself

It's funded by George Soros you fucking idiot, BLM takes money. Of course it sells itself. God damn you're insane.
Today’s reddit is the absolute opposite of what it began as and what it intended to do. Today it’s a common land of misinformation, extreme ad noise and clutter, and radically selective moderation and enforcement of data
I miss r/watchanimalsdie and r/nomorals. They keep removing all the good subreddits, i'm afraid of r/watchpeopledie going away, too.

Edit: Whoa, guys. The only reason i liked these subreddits is because of how they made me appreciate animals, and having empathy. They were disgusting, but they opened my eyes, and made me not take things for granted.
RIP Aaron
[deleted]
No, that’s  just sick. Find other hobbies.
&gt;I miss /r/jailbait because it really made me appreciate the innocence of a child

That’s what you sound like
I mean, i see your point. Fair enough
If you are actually interested in appreciating how fragile mortality is, r/morbidreality is still a thing.    

    
It does not sound like that was what you were interested in though.
What it began as? Do you mean a Digg clone?
yeah thats what he means
[deleted]
No it started as a slashdot clone, then as it gained popularity it become more like digg through the widening user base.
https://www.imdb.com/title/tt3268458
[deleted]
[deleted]
lol nevermind then
Not even. Back in the day, it was pretty common in Digg comments to see "Saw this on reddit 3 days ago". That's why I moved from Digg to Reddit in the first place. It was the best place to find new and interesting things. That was because the userbase was especially savvy.
lol but serious question for ass\_burgers what was reddit intended to do? just because im sort of a noob only 2-3 years in here
[That savvy userbase you're remembering was actually fake though...it was just a savvy form of content marketing.](https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/z4444w/how-reddit-got-huge-tons-of-fake-accounts--2)
Originally? It was just a link aggregator, where people voted to increase or decrease visibility. Then, subreddits were added for granularity. Then came commenting and the slow decline into social media.

Honestly, I think I keep coming back here out of momentum more than anything.
They’ve totally abandoned Aaron Swartz’s vision from when he didn’t start reddit and was only with the company for a short time.
Reddit used to be a staunch supporter of free speech and had a rule that basically anything that wasn't illegal was allowed. Now Reddit is rife with censorship and heavy moderation. Accounts can be purchased, subs can be purchased, etc. It's gotten too big for its own good. My account is 7 years old I think, and I lurked before then. Way back in the day Reddit was a small community and took pride in being small. Before memes were a thing there was basically a secret meme you would say to someone to know if they were a redditer because ppl didn't want to talk about it in the open and dilute the content with garbage users like we have now.
Thank you for answering I see, I have heard there is a lot of abuse of power by some moderators. I enjoyed my time here so far and learned a great deal. And of course always double check to see if some of the most serious posts are true.
Same, I plan on cutting back since Reddit is that last of social media that I frequently use, the other is just Instagram to browse hobby related stuff. I know I personally wasted a shit ton of time browsing reddit and shooting the shit
This site was heavy into programming and nerd stuff.  Hacking groups like anonymous were a popular source of news.  People cheered for open source and hacktivists.  

As the site grew it started to reflect more standard communities.  Reddit still has a strong nerd base and comments better than any site on the internet.  There is a lot of power in a site like this and many were optimistic about the impact it could make.  Since Reddit has become a powerhouse it seems new influences may be trying to steer Reddit away from activism.  Governments probably see Reddit as ground zero for information war and we are targeted with all sorts of radicalizing misinformation.  When it was a small community there was high quality control.  Now everyone sees stuff that is questionable and the source of misinformation is a frightening question.
Hmm interesting thank you and all for the feed back. I hope we can fight such influences and remain true..
[deleted]
Agreed.
The narwhal bacons at midnight.
Hello There!
and Facebook quality crap
A good start would be to get rid of stormfront... I mean theDonald...
I thought slashdot had stories submitted by moderators not users.
They were, that was the change Reddit brought.
I've been a Reddit user for 10 years and I never knew that Reddit started out with only moderators submitting! Thanks for the info.
Sorry, they as in /. We're mod submitted. Reddit made the change to user.
So, technically reddit started out as a digg clone then, not a slashdot clone. If reddit was never mod only submit then it was never a slashdot copy.

Summary:
What's popular is not always right, and what's right is not always popular.
The politics sub is not.
I mean, i see your point.
Reddit made the change to user.
T_D users would say the same.
yeah thats what he means.
Thanks for proving my point by the way.
That's why I moved from Digg to Reddit in the first place.
You make it sound like that sub goes after people with disabilities.
Fuck it let's put it all back on Reddit right?
Trump is compromised from his money laundering for the Russian mob.
To be fair, people downvote what they don't agree with.
It does not sound like that was what you were interested in though.
If conservative talking points could stand on their own, why would they need protection from mods?
I'm starting to think you haven't read any of this.
Reality has a liberal bias.
They actually funded a lot of Black lives Matter ads.
Everything that's bad is Russia!
If you were right that there's extreme liberal bias, you would be downvoted because of that bias.
Yeah saying theres a liberal bias gets me massively downvoted and in your mind that doesn't prove me right, nice one retard.
They were, that was the change Reddit brought.
/r/politics doesn't ban people for having differing views.
If you were *wrong* that there's extreme liberal bias, you would be downvoted for insulting people with no justification.
&gt; Trump is compromised from his money laundering for the Russian mob.
I'm ignorant, I'm a fool!
