Original Response:
Ok so I'm getting the Innokin Proton Plex kit and the coils are between about 80-110 watts ish if I recall, now I did some Googling and found that for high wattage you need a 30 amp battery, is 80-110 considered high wattage? Also why do you need a 30 amp battery? All the 30 amp battery's that I've seen have low capacity which kinda sucks.

It takes 18650 batteries btw.

Edit: Oh and help me choose a colour

Mod - https://imgur.com/a/UPksKjq

http://www.strawpoll.me/16524912

Edit 2: I bought the red one :D
Quick rule by Mooch:  Amps times three for safe wattage.  

30 amps (off one battery) x 3 = 90 watts.  You can exceed this, but you can't really chain-vape it... meaning hit it every few seconds.  So you can hit 100-110, but try to avoid holding the fire button down for more than a few seconds and then take another vape in a minute or so.  

If you are able, feel the battery with your cheek to see if it's getting pretty warm.  If so, drop down the wattage.  Doing this early and regularly will make sure you aren't pushing/stressing the battery too much.

And yeah, high wattage is why a lot of people want dual-cell mods.
There are two batteries in this vape so shouldn't that number be doubled? Wouldn't it be 180 watts not 90 watts?

&gt; Multiply the wattage above by the number of batteries in your device to get the total wattage you should stay under using those batteries

60a rating = 180W

Is that how it works? Cause of two batteries?
That is correct. Although most dual battery mods are wired in series, which doubles voltage but not amps. 

For 80-120 watts or so, best bet would be two VTC5A'S. 25 amp battery, very highly regarded. No need for 30amp batteries unless you wanna vape at 180-200 watts regularly.
I do like chain vaping though, typically ill sit down for a bit and have like 15 puffs like I would a cigarette, that fine for the VTC5A?
Yes. For regulated mods, chain vaping isn't much of a problem. Vtc5as can handle it.
You've got it!  And most of us mere mortals do not really vape at 200+ watts.  I've never went over 27 personally.
Alright ill pick up the VTC5A, thanks for the help.
27 is honestly too low for me, with the two coils I have one is at 22w (This thing gives a burnt taste so easily) and the other I use at 45-50 watts, the higher watt one works mostly fine besides the occasional flooding but the problem is that it only lasts a few days.

Really want an upgrade, moving up to about 80 watts should be pretty nice.
You should get some really nice flavor at 45-50 watts.  :)
Yeah it's alright, but compared to the newer stuff nowadays it doesn't come close to as good, but flavour is not really the issue, like I said it only lasts a few days, has some flooding problems and it's backed up by a pretty poor mod and tank.
It sucks when you have to deal with any issues when trying to enjoy your vape.  I had quit back in 2016 because all I had really was CE4/5 and MT-3 clearos on eGo batteries.  Used to curse having to take the clearo off to dab the ejuice off the battery contacts because it wouldn't produce any vapor.

Leaking isn't a thing of the past, but at least it's been greatly minimized PLUS isn't leaking into the contacts of my mods.  As to my low wattage use, custom coils or coil-heads that support the lower end (like the Kangertech SSOCC 1.2 Ohm coil).

AS to color options, not really crazy about the white one.  And the red is really bright, but you may like it.  :)
I quite like the white one but it may look a bit too girly, the red is nice but I wish they made it like the blue one where it's more black than it is blue, the blue one is nice but I'm not crazy about blue.

Odd colour choices/design with these three, they coulda done better, I'm on the fence, was leaning towards blue.
Though series or parallel doesn't matter for regulated mods. You'd either be doubling the input voltage or the amps which leads to the same result for max wattage.

Summary:
Also why do you need a 30 amp battery?
30 amps (off one battery) x 3 = 90 watts.
You should get some really nice flavor at 45-50 watts.
And the red is really bright, but you may like it.
