Original Response:
The most stupid  part of the original pizza  gate story (i think  people have tried to use pizza gate for any high powered  pedo people in USA) is that some how its only Democrats  . Yeah a  group of politicians  get together  to run a pedo ring out of a pizza shop but then say its only for Democrats  . I guess being a pedo is fine but hanging out with Republicans  is disgusting  . If original  pizzagate story  was  about Washington  politicians from both parties instead of just one party  it might have made more sense  even with out any hard facts like at the moment .
I'm fairly conservative and I completely agree with you. I guarantee if you dug through McCains emails there is some egregious stuff. I'd like to investigate both sides and restart the country on a clean slate.
Definitely McCains. He's the pizza maker isn't he? /s
Why McCain &amp; not Trump? IDK if McCain ever hung out with Epstein.
Trump isn't really a Republican/Conservative. He disagrees with a TON of stuff the career Republican politicians stand for, which is a good thing. I was just trying to come up with a stereotypical Republican.
Couldn't agree more. The idea, for example, that the Podestas look like creeps to support the conspiracy is rediculous. The republicans also have old men as politicians who aren't exactly appealing on the eye. 

I have an unpopular opinion that I may be eaten alive for here... IF the russians had bots pumping shit out online and did influence the election maybe this was one of their attempts to distract and it actually stuck with little effort.
People in the Trump camp dislike McCain as mush as they do democrats, so it's still showing the political slant mentioned above.  I agree career politicians are shit, but I'm not a big Trump fan. He seems about par for the course in performance.

  Anyone who frequently spent time with Epstein is heavily suspect IMO.
John Podesta stated in his emails he was close with Dennis Hastert.
Fuck I had no idea Trump hung out with Epstein. You just blew my mind. I give up man! All of the people capable of generating enough money to campaign for office at that level turn out to be sick evil deviants. Even if Trump didn't partake. Guilty by association. 

Sometimes I think this will never turn around no matter how much we expose. They don't even care.
Ron Paul is a good one, one of the what? Ten maybe?
'sometimes I think this will never turn around no matter how much we expose' is a true reality statement.
That idea you just made up. The only time looks get brought up is the actually stupid idea that they abducted Madeline McCann (sp?)
Oh it has such an anti-left slant that it's nearly impossible that it isn't some sort of propaganda.  I think you're exactly correct.
There's a guy doing it earlier in this very thread
&gt; If original  pizzagate story  was  about Washington  politicians from both parties instead of just one party  it might have made more sense  even with out any hard facts like at the moment . 

But then it never would've been thought up.
Both political partys have been involved for decades.
[AMERICA’S GREATEST CHILD SEX SCANDAL: BOYS TOWN IN LINCOLN, NEBRASKA](http://thoughtcrimeradio.net/2015/05/americas-greatest-child-sex-scandal-boys-town-in-lincoln-nebraska/).  

&gt; The lives of Alisha Owen, Paul Bonacci, Troy Boner and the other victims of what appears to be a government orchestrated child rape syndicate, will never be what they could have due to this ridiculous miscarriage of justice. The fact that it happened in the nation’s Bible belt is a sad indicator of the massive hypocrisy that exists between religion and the actions of men.   
   
   
&gt; Victims who came forward were persecuted; one key witness would testify in mid stride that he made up his allegations. A female victim who stuck to her story of years of rape and sex abuse at the hands of top officials in Lincoln, Nebraska, was convicted of perjury and sentenced to 15 years in prison.    
    
&gt; Those close to the case say the perjury conviction was a clear message to all of the victims, that they too would pay dearly if they spoke of their past involvement with the Franklin child prostitution ring
Trump was friends with Jeffrey Epstein. He even said "I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy. He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side." Why no conspiracy on the Republican side? That raises  a lot more alarm bells than "Cant believe its almost 50 years since Camp Nose I have stayed in touch with denny Hastert and jan ettelt and andy dolan all these years Its wonderful to reconnect with you".

I only say this because this conspiracy is so one side when diving for evidence. You don't even need leaked emails to find trump discussing younger girls in relation to a future underage sex offender. See what I did? Drew parallels even though it doesnt directly imply trump is also involved.
If you're trying to control politics through pedophile blackmail then your not going to focus on just one side of the house.  

Has Trump been to epsteins island?  If so then there is certainly a pizzagate link there.
From my understanding, Trump found in Epstein's flight logs exactly once. By comparison, Bill Clinton was found some 15 or so times.

If you went to a gay bath house once on accident because it was advertised online as a normal gym, that means nothing. But if you go back 15 more times, u gay holmes

My guess would be Trump thought it was just going to be regular prostitutes.

He kept the secret because he didn't want to catch a bullet to the head or slip down a flight of stairs.

Except for those times where he 'jokingly' hinted that Epstein likes little girls.
What a champion of virtue you've made of him in your fantasy. So according to your theory, he's disgusted enough by the pedophilia to not join in again, but too scared of being killed to speak up about it. 

Why would Epstein include him if he thought he wouldn't agree with it? If Epstein can assassinate him so easily, why would he let him wander around with that information after not coming back a second time, implying he was not a pedophile? Wouldn't that make him a liability? 

That's some pretty dark humor to joke about pedophilia you've witnessed, and refused to report because you thought you might be killed, how heroic. If you go to a pedophile party island even once, and you don't immediately report it, you're culpable, whether you're a pedo or not. 

At least your theory matches with the whole cowardice angle, maybe his bone spurs kept him from reporting to the police just like they kept him out of vietnam.
&gt; refused to report

lmao, report to who?

Summary:
Fuck I had no idea Trump hung out with Epstein.
That idea you just made up.
Why no conspiracy on the Republican side?
Even if Trump didn't partake.
Has Trump been to epsteins island?
Why McCain &amp; not Trump?
I think you're exactly correct.
