Original Response:
Just a quick warning that I am terrible at writing, but I just want to let this out. Here goes...

I'm a seventeen year old Asian and a freshmen at a Community College. So, yesterday night I called my cousin and cried to him about how one of the classes I’m taking right now is one of the most difficult thing I ever came across (The class is Human Anatomy and Physiology). I told him that I was going to fail because of an exam on Thursday and I already failed a quiz. I have a difficult time learning especially when it involves anatomy (not a big fan). My cousin told me it was best to slow down because of all the homework, quizzes and exams from the other classes can cause me to stress. He offered to talk to my dad about the situation to which I agreed. I called my cousin because I knew my dad was going to think that I wasn’t fully giving the class my 100 percent. After a couple minutes of me crying alone my dad called me and asked why I was wanting to drop the class. I explain to him that I didn’t want to disappoint him because he invested so much money in me and I didn’t want the money to go to waste. Finally, me and my dad both agreed to go on Thursday to talk to an advisor and then we’ll decide.

Then rolls today. I finished my classes and was about to head home when I received a text from my dad. He told me to go ask a advisor about dropping the class and whether we would get a refund. I did what he said, but this moment here is where I messed up big time. When I asked the front office about withdrawing, they handed me a withdraw slip and next thing I knew, I was out of the Human Anatomy class (looking back at it now, I made one of the most dumbest move ever). When I finished, my dad called went commando on me when I told him what I did. He said that it was best to keep the class and fail than withdraw (I think it was better to withdraw, because then my GPA won’t drop if I failed, but what do I know). He then proceeded to call me a useless stupid kid and question my actions before hanging up on me. I felt like shit there and then and still. While on the way home I felt like ending my life it would be quick and easy, but then I thought about my family and what they would have to go through. When I got home, my mom and grandma gave me a 10 minute lecture on why I made a shit move. They told me that my dad spends most of his time working 16 hours shifts nonstop and sleeps for only 5 hours before heading back to work just for me and I didn't even care that he goes through the pain. I cared and it hurt me, because I was the cause of my dad not being able to spend time with the family.

I know it was a really bad decision made by me. Looking back, I wish I could just rewind time and stop it from happening. I feel like absolute shit right now and I question why my dad invested so much money on me. I know my dad is maybe wanting me to pay him back, because my dad paid for the class and I’m willing to with all the money I received from my uncles and aunts when I graduated High School.

I apologize for making you read this stupid terrible written story, but I just couldn't hold it in me anymore. This is one example of why I always allow other to call the shots because in the end I always manage to fuck it up somehow. I just… need some time to be alone... and do my Pre-Calculus homework.

TL;DR Withdrew from Human Anatomy and Physiology class without my dads order and he’s really pissed at me and my entire family probably hates me because I wasted so much money. Feeling like wanting to actually kill myself, but don’t have the guts to. Willing to pay the money back to my dad.
This is going to blow over. Also,  it's a community college,  you haven't wasted very much money at all. Stop hating yourself over this,  stop trying to punish yourself. 

You fucked up and were going to fail a class. It's not the end of the world,  just don't do it again. Your parents and family will get over it as soon as they see you making positive progress again. 

They don't hate you, you aren't bad, and this will not be a huge deal in a couple months.
This was important to say.
This barely rated as a today I messed up. Junior stuff. Relax OP, You'll have plenty of time to fuck up for real.
[deleted]
Hmm I agree it'll probably blow over. But you can't judge whether the amount of money is a big deal or not to this family :( there should be more awareness that not everyone can enjoy a financially comfortable life..
I think he/she was referring to in comparison to university costs, community college costs are much lower.
Probably, I get he/she did not mean in a bad way. 
But just the fact that it 'could have been more money', doesn't necessarily make it 'not a lot of money' (for this particular family)

A friend of mine couldn't afford to go to college in the Netherlands. Which is difficult to imagine as it costs only a fraction of what it costs in the US, plus you get financial aid. But still she just didn't have any disposable income to spend on tuition/books/time spent studying instead of working.
That depends on OP’s dad. The way OP described it sounded similar to how my dad would have reacted if I did something like this and he would never have let it go, he’d have just held it over my head, bringing it up as an excuse to tell me how useless and shit and how much of a fuck up I am every time I made the tiniest mistake for the rest of my life.

From what I’m hearing OP’s biggest fuck up here was simply not explaining himself properly when the school gave him the slip, taking it instead of explaining he only wanted to speak with his support tutor. Failing a class when you try really hard isn’t your fault and the misunderstanding was an easy mistake to make since OP didn’t know they’d taken him out of the class, I’m not even sure if it was entirely OP’s fault since they misunderstood the school while the school misunderstood them. Obviously I don’t have the whole picture here but it sounds like OP’s family have blown this way out of proportion and have made sure OP won’t want to try anything hard in the future which will only hurt OP more.

I think the fuck up here is on OP’s dad for reacting like that and his family for backing his dad’s shitty behaviour.
Yeah except for the fact that in the Netherlands you can loan €1000 a month interest free, from which you will only have to pay back what you can afford after graduation. First month covers books and such, tuition can be paid monthly.
This is big to op. Maybe not to you, maybe not to me. But right now for this person it is a huge deal and is weighing on them.


Just because our experiences are different doesn't mean some are less than others. When you're in it, you feel the whole thing.
I'm not saying thats not the case. It's just like when your kid scrapes a knee and freaks out. You just tell them "It's ok sweetheart. it's not that bad. Look. We'll clean it up and it'll be good as new." 

Are you suggesting I should just tell the kid "Omg this is terrible. You are right for freaking out and feeling the way you feel right now!"?

Summary:
Maybe not to you, maybe not to me.
You fucked up and were going to fail a class.
Willing to pay the money back to my dad.
I felt like shit there and then and still.
This is big to op.
This is going to blow over.
Probably, I get he/she did not mean in a bad way.
