Original Response:
https://www.independent.co.uk/news/vaping-health-problems-smoking-e-cigarettes-north-carolina-study-danger-lung-conditions-disease-a8016861.html   
   
I am not supporting any side, even though I actually vape. Just curious if this is a reliable source and if these claims are true.
&gt; I am not supporting any side

Then do not spread shit like this.
Why? As I mentioned in my post, I myself am a vaper, with a Wasp Nano x Pico setup, but this is exactly what puts me off sometimes in this community and why I even thought about putting that disclaimer in. Anytime someone posts or cites a study that even dares to look funnily at vaping, the hive mind goes up in arms and spouts things like "OMG SENSATIONALIST BULLSHIT FUNDED BY BIG TOBACCO".  
    
I understand that a lot of times, the methods used in these studies are found to be flawed e.g. the vape is fired for unrealistic lengths of time like 30 seconds, but really? Unless you yourself can find the flaw in the study, don't just blindly dismiss it.
&gt; Why?

Because reposting shit like this will give unwarranted credence.

If you must ask about this, choose a title that's not clickbait and link directly to the study. Never ever to an opinionated "article".

It does not matter if you vape, smoke, or don't use nicotine. In any case common sense can be used.

I am not averse to studies, I just hate people that take bad studies as gospel, *and* people that feed into this.


You rant about the hive mind, yet don't see that you are also acting within the same boundaries you've set with this, but from the other side by spreading an article that only *talks* about an *inconclusive* study without even linking to it.

*May cause*... is short for "no one knows, we couldn't prove it, but we believe it".

So yeah, those with at least brain v0.5 will dismiss such doomsayings.
[deleted]
[deleted]
lol
But the flaw is immediately apparent.  

"The authors made it clear that most of the e-cigarette smokers were formerly cigarette smokers, making it difficult to clearly identify whether these results were solely related to e-cigarette use."
It's not really a flaw... because we are going to experience the same effects as the victims/volunteers at some point. As we are ex-smokers, what I want to know about is what is going to happen to me.
Right, and I also want to know these things.  But the study cannot claim to determine the actual cause of the issue if it conflates the control and experimental groups of the study.  In other words, there's no real way to 'blame vaping' (as the article clearly does) when your experimental group has a (probably long) history of also being in the control group.  

This study in particular would have a lot more weight behind it if they compared current vapers who have never smoked to either A) current smokers or B) prior smokers who currently vape.  Using a group of people who have done both as your experimental group removes the ability to prove causation of one of these behaviors.  Do you see?
I see, but I think you've got confused and missed my point. This study is super relevant because it "conflated" it's group's.

Are we not ex smokers, now vapers? Therefore, more relevant to us than if it were a study on never smokers, just vapers. Not only is there a logical, good chance that vaping is bad to non smokers... there's also a chance it plays havoc with fucked up lungs. 

What I'm trying to say is, I can care less about the non smoking study, because this is going to be more relevant to us. Personally, I think people who never smoked, who now vape are foolish. There's no benefit to that. I wouldn't expect anyone who hasn't smoked to go into a vaping study.

Summary:
Therefore, more relevant to us than if it were a study on never smokers, just vapers.
Personally, I think people who never smoked, who now vape are foolish.
I wouldn't expect anyone who hasn't smoked to go into a vaping study.
This study is super relevant because it "conflated" it's group's.
