Original Response:
Poor guy only made it to the 2nd intermission. TIL http://articles.latimes.com/1993-10-13/news/mn-45320_1_mighty-duck
&gt; So sheepish were Disney and Mighty Ducks officials after the performance, they declined to identify the entertainer who portrays the Iceman. They issued statements about "company policy" barring the release of the entertainer's name and said, in effect, that they preferred that the Iceman remain the Invisible Man. One Mighty Ducks official even said he couldn't confirm or deny whether he knew the Iceman's true identity.

Kind of good on Disney. I feel like execs these days would instantly put his name out there to throw him under the bus to save their own face.

But then further down.

&gt; He's an experienced musician, a grandson of Academy Award-winning actor Wallace Beery and a North Hollywood resident. At his day job, he plays keyboard for Disneyland's Tomorrowland Terrace Band. Strongly advised to keep his name and face a mystery, he asked The Times to protect his identity--not an unreasonable request given the week he has had.

Really? You don't want to reveal your identity but let all of that info out? Come on dude. 

Ha wtf?

&gt; The Agoura High School graduate said he hopes the Iceman returneth. 

Dude...
I didn’t know it was possible to make this any more bizarre but uh, hey, there it is.
[he later revealed his identity anyway (OC Register)](https://www.ocregister.com/2014/01/18/miller-the-man-behind-the-iceman/)
Well that's good. But that still was only 4 years ago. The first article was from 25 years ago.
Definitely, the difference between protecting his anonymity right around the time of his unveiling/dismissal and 20 years (with a Cup) is massive.
Before the internet was ubiquitous, doxxing took lots and lots and lots of effort. I'm sure he thought no one would care enough to use that information to reveal his identity.
The iceman should cometh back
I think global warming played a huge role in the Iceman coming out.
L. Simpson - no wait let's call her Lisa S.
That article makes Iceman sound like the real-life Poochie.
"Afterward, MacKelvie sat in his car and cried, something he says he hadn’t done since seeing the movie “E.T.” He was, to be sure, The Crushed Iceman."
AMA request: that guy.
Seconded
He really is a true King’s fan.
Add him to the list of other famous Agourians:

Clay Matthews Jr

Mike Shinoda (Linkin Park)

Heather Graham

Jonathan Lipnicki

Me
Interestingly that's the handle of one of the ducks main beat writers, icemancometh. Just clicked for me...huh...
This was 1993, even with that info it would have been extremely difficult to figure out who this guy is for the average person since the internet was still in it’s infancy
I was at this game. He would appear in the stands to cheer up the crowd and the best he could come up with while Anaheim was getting killed was, “We scored!!! Then proceeded to try to sing Break It Down Again by Tears For Fears while being mercilessly booed by the crowd. Either his mic stopped working or they pulled the plug and Wildwing took to the ice and people were happy again. What a night.

*Edited for spelling.
Best part of the article xD
&gt; Iceman returneth 

Wait....this is why Eric Stephen's twitter handle is Icemancometh!
Same here lol
Crushed Iceman. Fucking gorgeous.
[removed]
"I have to go now. My planet needs me." - Iceman probably
Q.) Did you include that on your resume/work history
Probably not. There's a famous play called Iceman Cometh.

Summary:
The iceman should cometh back.
There's a famous play called Iceman Cometh.
I was at this game.
"I have to go now.
The first article was from 25 years ago.
