Original Response:
K-40, is the radioactive form of potassium, it is a beta emitter which means it undergoes beta decays and loses electrons and positrons. This isotope makes up one ten thousandth of the potassium found naturally. Typically, this potassium is bound in a clump of other more stable atoms of potassium. When it undergoes its beta-decay, the beta particle rarely makes it out of the surrounding potassium. 

When the atom finally loses enough electrons and positrons to destabilize the nucleus to argon-40 it emits a 1.46 MeV gamma ray. 
Quote:
"This 1.46 MeV gamma ray is important, as it allows us to identify when potassium 40 decays. The beta electrons leading to calcium, however, are not accompanied by gamma rays, have no characteristic energies and rarely make it out of the rocks or bodies that contain potassium 40." quote from [source](http://www.radioactivity.eu.com/site/pages/Potassium_40.htm)

Unlike the isotopes released from nuclear facilities, K-40 is a very low emitter and has a giga-year half-life, rarely emits ionizing radiation in its natural state.  Therefore, comparing this to exposure to an isotope like iodine-131 is extremely misleading and irresponsible to the public.

I am interested to hear others idea about this and other memes used to change the perception of these toxic man-made radioactive substances.
Why did you put an apostrophe in the word 'bananas'?

Why did end the first and second sentences in your statement with a comma?

Why did you end the phrase beginning the second paragraph with a period?
Why do you care so much about everything except the content of the post?
He works for Big Banana and he's trying to distract from the truth.
Lol that's a terrifying mental image.
I find your message, unnecessary and cruel and wonder why you would want to make that kind of attack?
its the banana's radiation.

I believe the other issues are typo's
cruel? good lord
I just like the proper use of grammar and punctuation, is all.  Don't read anything more into my comment than that.
I just like the proper use of grammar and punctuation, is all.  Don't read anything more into my comment than that.
"banana's are" makes it clear that it was more than one banana.
Oh then you should know your approach is not one that works. 
If criticism worked, we would all be perfect.
Your grammar and punctuation are correct.  Congratulations!
Very funny, being grammatically correct only matters  to me if it is needed to understand a crucial message.
Will do!

Summary:
I just like the proper use of grammar and punctuation, is all.
"banana's are" makes it clear that it was more than one banana.
This isotope makes up one ten thousandth of the potassium found naturally.
