Original Response:
Do you guys have to sell your bike if a Harley gets close to yours? The amount of HD hate is insane on this place. But no OP that bike looks dope, I would love to see what all that low end torque does off road, sounds like more fun than a barrel of monkeys
Absolutely not, speaking for myself of course. I think alot of it stems from the stereotypes of harleys being slow and heavy, which to be fair os a part of being more touring oriented. But I think the big thing that kind of divides the harley community from the rest of the community is the elitist mentality on both sides of the line.
I think the stereotype is less about the bike and more about the rider.. many HD riders tend to be assholes and hate on everyone else, regardless if they are fellow motorcyclists or not.
That's true, as much as I hate to say it, a lot of them are like that sadly.
I'm interested in that 2021 naked 975 they're planning but I feel like I'd get a lot of hate because it's an HD, and more so from typical HD riders.
&gt; The amount of HD hate is insane on this place. 

I think what it stems from, at least form me is that I'm only 34. I didn't grow up or experience the decades that have made Harley-Davidson legendary. The HD I know is a heavily marketed motorcycle lifestyle in a box so to say. Buy our clothing, boots, other others, etc, and we'll make you look like a biker versus the 1970's and 80's gearhead type figure. 

I think everything they do is reminiscent of /r/fellowkids because the generation that restored their heritage, or at least built the image they've been coasting on for the last few decades are starting to either quit riding or dying, and their image is being replaced with this lifestyle in a box company that also sells motorcycles. 

I hope this makes sense because I am ripped right now.
Naw I only get the impression from guys on sport bikes. Most hardly guys I've met are pretty cool
I find the opposite is true that non Harley riders are assholes
It definitely is. I wasn't necessarily saying there were not sportbike asses!
I've worked in this industry for over 20 years. There are douche bags on all sorts of bikes. The main perceived bias against HD is that it's always been more of an image thing than it is a performance or value thing. Ducati is similar. They have said for years that they sell a lifestyle, not motorcycles. 

&amp;#x200B;

The biggest problem for HD going forward IMO is, without the image, there is not that much there when compared to the competition. At some point they really need to adopt something other than a V-Twin if they are serious about branching into other segments. They may look nice, but they are not serious adventure bikes or power-cruisers once you start comparing numbers and actual performance. Granted, that does not mean they will or won't sell a few. Nobody ever said people are rational.
Why is it that 99% of people who don't wave back to me are Harley riders?
I wave at everbody sport guys never wave back to me tho

Summary:
The amount of HD hate is insane on this place.
Naw I only get the impression from guys on sport bikes.
Do you guys have to sell your bike if a Harley gets close to yours?
