Original Response:
That really got me angry and I don't even work in Silicon Valley. Capitalism really has an ugly dark side that needs to be tightly kept in check.
Some people will always be against regulations, no matter how beneficial they might be.
Because they dream of one day having their own chance to screw over the little guy, and at that point it will all be worth it!
The issue is that wages are socialized in capitalism because they are largely based on what your peers are earning/willing to accept not company demand (there are obviously exceptions, the article pointed out Google during a hiring boom). Capitalism applies to the product because its price is determined by demand, not the willingness of another product to sell itself for a lower price. 

Maybe the solution is everyone should be freelancers?
Freelancing for everyone just means even lower wages. Fundamentally a single individual is never going to have the bargaining power of a firm, hence why unions were a thing
I freelance, I have no bargaining power but I work for a lot of clients, if one of them gets silly I can always kick him in the ass and just lose a small % of my income.
The article itself is almost 5 years old. This is super old news.
Not many freelancers have the luxury of being able to pick and choose between clients nor can they take a small hit to their income when they're living paycheck to paycheck.
[deleted]
&gt; The issue is that wages are socialized in capitalism because they are largely based on what your peers are earning/willing to accept not company demand

This just seems like basic supply and demand with market friction limiting/slowing wage movement to it's real value.
Replace capitalism with people and we're getting somewhere.

Greed in all of us, for some, it's all they have left. Especially the fat ones lol.
Yup yup. I wanted to be a bit more specific though.
Silicon Valley engineers unionizing wasn’t even on my mind as a solution, thanks for pointing that out.
[deleted]
That seems like an extremely broad definition of "socialized" though. One would typically associate socialized with some kind of central authority.
I mean freelancers to an even greater degree. Freelance from project to project so the value you specifically add (assuming your work is of a higher quality) creates more demand for yourself. The labor market for a very particular set of skills acquired over a long career, skills that make someone a nightmare for a project wouldn’t be as static as the widget market. 

Collective bargaining is the way to go though for the reason an actual freelancer pointed out.
You’re right. Saying “wages aren’t entirely linked to performance” would’ve have been better.
Freelancers in tight labor markets and very specialized skills can make very good money. 

Freelancers with limited skills in a mass market will just be uber-style 1099s
[deleted]
Yeah I like that a lot better. Socialized is such a charged word in any discussions like this, it can be distracting from the main point.

It is a great point you are making though. A perfect free market can only operate with access to perfect information and bandwidth to process it. There are tons of barriers that make this impossible.
"Temporarily embarrassed millionaires".
&gt; You're going to have to charge more to account for the time you spend negotiating with clients

Websites like upwork.com display your project history on your profile &amp; give employers access to your track record. Individuals have access to rate info of the tier (&amp; all other tiers) filled with peers of similar skill sets which lowers the costs of wage negotiation. The threat of being undercut would be an issue but wouldn’t one still save on negotiation costs? What do you generally think about this? Also, I didn’t know the 2-3 times freelance rule. Any suggestions on how I could find out how much upwork.com would lower the freelance wage multiplier?

&gt; Collective bargaining doesn't actually help when the other side is also collectively bargaining against you

I laughed at this &amp; then felt ashamed.
I'm one of those people. The reason is that increased competition is often more beneficial than regulation, and increased regulation often stunts competition.  In most situations where there are high prices, poor service, or shitty treatment, if you dig below the surface you'll find there is some legal barrier that limits competition in a given industry. I'd rather remove those existing barriers and harness the power of competition than layer new regulation on top of them.
I see no problem with CEOs discussing wages &amp; labor market with their peers in the community of CEOs. On the flip side of this coin, I also see no problem with employees sharing information about their salary with other employees, or with the community of others in the work force.

That being said, I have no problem with organized labor negotiating higher wages, aka Collective bargaining, or a union. On the flip side of the coin, I have no problem with CEOs organizing, to collectively bargain wages in their labor markets, and individual employees. 

If ti's fair one way, it's fair the other way, right?

That said, I would agree that CEO's conspiring to not hire one another's former employees, or to avoid "poaching" from one another is wrong. This constricts the labor market via conspiracy.
What would a fixed version of this situation look like, to you? IYO, was this wage-fixing caused by over-regulation leading to insufficient competition?
Not to discount the validity of your experience, but it's hardly representative.
I know my experience is not everyone's experience with freelancing, but I'm actually more scared of being employed full-time at one place and having all my eggs in one basket.

If you are willingly freelancing, and not just doing it between jobs, then it's a top priority to create a good service model.

You have to work on client acquisition, client retention and then be really good at managing yourself. If you are just swinging it as you go, then you will always be in trouble.
I don't mean to say you're doing it wrong. It sounds like you've got it figured out.
I've been freelancing these lasts 6 years, until 2 years ago I was struggling.

It requires a conscious effort and a ton of reading to do it right, like any other profession.

Doing "my job" (I'm a marketing consultant) is actually not that important compared to knowing taxes, management and personal finances.
I suppose you're speaking generally rather than with this story in mind, but this is a case where the regulation was literally that different companies **must compete**, and instead they were calling each other up and colluding.
CEOs doing this is no different than price fixing, which is highly illegal
Price fixing huh? What about organized labor, setting the price of labor? Is that price fixing from the other end?
Which is already illegal and sounds like the system worked (they settled). Doesn’t sound like there is a need for additional regulation to me.
[deleted]
Isn't what they did already illegal? That's the regulation.
What regulation are you suggesting? Seems what they did is already illegal.
I'm not the one suggesting more regulations. I would be happy if our existing regulations had teeth.

The current way things are handled does not really discourage bad behavior. If a firm breaks the law and makes a billion dollars in the process, the penalty will be a small fraction of that. They get to keep the rest.
John Steinbeck
Did the system work? They did it and then settled for an amount that probably cost them far less than they benefited by doing it.
???

The "system" is what's in question here.
Youre flipping way too many coins!
No, it isn’t. Workers have to set what they’re worth collectively as CEOs continually attempt to pay people less to do the same or more work. Unions sorted the 40 hour work week, unions gave us what we now call a weekend. Workers set their labour’s worth so they may be able to have a decent quality of life, CEOs “fix” to get rich.
Come again, how is collective bargaining NOT price fixing? You went off into a tangent there and didn't directly answer the question. Let me put it another way... Workers organizing to set the labor price is price fixing, and CEOs organizing to set price is labor price fixing. How are they different?
You’re right. Collective bargaining is price-fixing by nature - I stand corrected. I defend unions because I believe they are bargaining for the greater good of the workforce, whereas CEOs are arguing to devalue the skillset or appease the board with more profits.
Capitalism really falls apart any time the individual cannot bargain. Anything you *need* is held hostage for profit. Healthcare, education, a job, housing, etc. If it's vital to people's lives they cannot fairly bargain and usually get exploited in unregulated capitalism.
Pro tip: when you instruct your Sr VP for Business Operation to "keep the pact a secret and only share information verbally", do so verbally.
"Is you taking notes on a criminal fucking conspiracy?” - Stringer Bell, "The Wire"
I really wish I could get into that show but I seriously cannot stand the acting of the tall black guy.
Ah....get out....
Well timed 👏
Ok, do you mean Idris Elba?
Nah.  I can’t think of his name.  He’s like the big boss guy.  He has one facial expression and one tone of voice and it’s super distracting.  

I like Idris Elba.
It fits him. You'll see why that fits his character and why it's his downfall.
The guy who plays Avon Barksdale or the one who plays Lt. Daniels? It's interesting because I couldn't get into The Wire at first, too, but that was mainly because I wasnt expecting there to be so much focus on the careerism of the middle-management cops.
It’s Daniels.
Delete dis 

*You show loyalty, they learn loyalty. You show them it’s about the work, it’ll be about the work. You show them it’s about some other kind of game, then that’s the game they’ll play.*
I think he’s talking about the guy that sorta looks like Pusha T.
Hope you give it another chance. It took me a while to appreciate the workplace realism they were going for but it was one of the most rewarding TV experiences I've ever had.

Summary:
I'm one of those people.
I'm not the one suggesting more regulations.
Collective bargaining is the way to go though for the reason an actual freelancer pointed out.
On the flip side of the coin, I have no problem with CEOs organizing, to collectively bargain wages in their labor markets, and individual employees.
Freelancing for everyone just means even lower wages.
What regulation are you suggesting?
That being said, I have no problem with organized labor negotiating higher wages, aka Collective bargaining, or a union.
Come again, how is collective bargaining NOT price fixing?
What about organized labor, setting the price of labor?
I mean freelancers to an even greater degree.
The "system" is what's in question here.
The reason is that increased competition is often more beneficial than regulation, and increased regulation often stunts competition.
CEOs doing this is no different than price fixing, which is highly illegal.
