Original Response:
That article stunk of the touch of an overly-opinionated vegan, but the basis of the article isn't wrong. Things like this are obviously a coordinated attack on vegan alternatives to meat by the meat/dairy industry. But this isn't a new development. Meat/dairy industries try to protect their business, after all.

That being said, I don't think this is exactly necessary. It isn't like anyone is being fooled into eating vegan hot dogs without knowing it's vegan.
&gt; That article stunk of the touch of an overly-opinionated vegan


just look at OP's posting history too. all they post is vegan-related posts on every sub. he's pushing an agenda extremely hard.
&gt; It isn't like anyone is being fooled...

You haven't met the 2018-model fool yet, have you?
My fiancee is vegan and I'll probably end up there, too. I don't think veganism is stupid or anything, but stuff like this article and the way veganism is presented to people turns everyone off to it.

There's a reason vegans and crossfitters are running memes.
&gt;  It isn't like anyone is being fooled into eating vegan hot dogs without knowing it's vegan.

If you bought a hot dog from a street stall, what would you expect it to be made of?

I'll give you an example, Australia usually makes sausages from beef. So many hot dogs (or just a sausage in a bun) are made with beef sausages. Here in the UK, sausages are mostly pork, and many hot dogs are fried. They're just plain sausages, not a frankfurter.

In other countries, the sausage in a hot dog is a frankfurter, made from pork, and will be steamed or boiled.

Some European countries bulk up their sausages with chicken or even kangaroo meat (Russia). 

So what is a hot dog? is it beef, pork, chicken, kangaroo, mystery meat, or something else? 

Point is that "hot dog" can mean many things, and it's possible that some places will sell you a hot dog, and won't (or don't need to) tell you that it's made from something that isn't meat.
Not really a good point.  You said it yourself, an alternative to meat.  Then why are they labeling it \*as\* meat rather than a \*meat substitute\*?
Have you ever looked at anything that is actually vegan? It says soy, wheat, veggie, etc. all over it. It's called a sausage or a hot dog or whatever because that's what it's modeled after and made to taste somewhat like.

I am not buying the idea that somebody can look at a vegan package and not figure out it's a meat alternative.
In the US it isn't relevant what a hot dog is in Australia. In Australia it isn't relevant what a hot dog is in the US. All that matters is what's understood by the relevant population.
Sometimes they do call them things like "Chik'n", which I can see being confusing to some. The text that says it is "veggie" is usually smaller and more hidden.
If you're so ignorant as to be tricked into eating something vegan/vegetarian that isn't actually meat (which, firstly, won't kill you) despite the warnings and clear markings all over the box from top to bottom, then you deserve your imitation Chik'n.
Frankly the Morningstar Chik'n patties are convincing enough that they may not even notice it's not real chicken.
And there's nothing wrong with that. If your food isn't tied to morals for you, then eat whatever you think tastes good. Nobody should ever be offended that they ate something that tasted good and it wasn't comprised of what they thought it was.

People like Oreos and Oreos are vegan, but if you tell people that you're going to recommend them a vegan cookie, people would automatically think it's to be avoided. So strange.
[deleted]
[deleted]

Summary:
So what is a hot dog?
In the US it isn't relevant what a hot dog is in Australia.
In Australia it isn't relevant what a hot dog is in the US.
It's called a sausage or a hot dog or whatever because that's what it's modeled after and made to taste somewhat like.
