Original Response:
Business Insider is reporting that Goldman is going to delay their rollout of a crypto trading desk.
I wonder why Bitcoin Diamond was exempt from the bad news....
take a guess lol
:-)  It's still amazing (noteworthy?) a single player could move the BTC market multiple percentages...  Though I'm not at all surprised someone could move an altcoin significant amounts.

If it were merely the delay of Goldman Sachs desk I don't think it would have this sort of an effect.  Especially with the Diamond outlier.
All these sudden steps are manipulations by sharks. Look at the trade volume for Diamond. It suddenly goes from nothing to huge amounts (between 0.5 and 1 million USD per minute) and then down to nothing again.
You are the only person in the world wondering that. Does that answer your query?
[deleted]
My (rhetorical) statement was in response to the report above, and stood as a counterpoint.
Ahh, apologies.

Someone else was shilling BCD earlier today and I presumed it was you.
Nope, not me.  I probably technically own some BCD (never bothered to split it out), but I'm true to BTC.
BCD was awesome. I sold mine for 13% of my BTC. All the chinese exchanges supported it at the time of the fork and prices spiked to about 0.15BTC/BCD. 2 months later they still didn't have the network running.
I'm not very familiar with BCD, but this chart doesn't indicate it ever reached anywhere close to those levels, and peaked at slightly over 1%:
https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bitcoin-diamond/

Am I reading the chart wrong, or maybe I am misinterpreting....  
BCH once reached 15%....
I doubt it was on CMC within the first 2 days of the launch. Every fork spiked to ridiculus numbers the first day or 2 of launch since anyone in the world could buy but only those with coins on the exchanges could sell. They were technically futures since it would be months until the coins actually existed. Some never even existed. I sold Bitcoin File and Bitcoin God for 4% each and they never launched. I sold some BCG for 0.2BTC on HitBTC the day of the launch. People didn't know what they were buying.

Summary:
I sold mine for 13% of my BTC.
I sold some BCG for 0.2BTC on HitBTC the day of the launch.
I doubt it was on CMC within the first 2 days of the launch.
