Original Response:
People sleeping on Pettis.
And rightfully so. Tony has fucked up guys that have fucked up Pettis (RDA and Edson).
Pettis is 5-5 in his last 10, Tony is 10-0 in his last 10
Being contrarian pre-fight, hoping it sticks and otherwise pretend you never said anything. Never fails
Pettis former champ though. Tony is a walking zombie, Pettis can crack that chin, like every opponent of Ferguson has.  And he has a slick bottom game. 

This fight is far from one sided, people are sleeping hard on Pettis
You sound like me praying Shogun was on the verge of a come back for the past decade 😪
Styles make fights however and Pettis, even though he was out struck by Edson, has a much better ground game than him. Definitely not a super easy fight for Tony. Wouldn’t be too surprised if Pettis pulled out the dub.
Have you seen how competitive his fights have been?
If anything people are overrating him, he hasn't been the same since losing the title and only scraped by Chiesa. He's only fighting Tony in the first place because everyone else is booked up. Easy fight for T. Ferg.
Agreed bro. Ferguson has been dropped, rocked and almost out of there against far far lesser strikers than Pettis. Everyone's chin cracks eventually and people writing Pettis off here, especially in a 3 rounder, are too confident in Tony.
Except Pettis has real ways to win here that anybody that understands MMA can see. I've seen nobody that actually knows MMA once act like Pettis is an easy fight for Tony.
i dont recall ferguson ever almost out tho ive seen him get dropped many times but never almost out hes always scrambling even vs Kevin Lee.
Amen
Almost out against Lando
just rewatched the fight and Tony was constantly scrambling and almost got an inside heel hook. He didint seem out of it he did fall backwards though and was on rubbery legs but he had a clear head to go for an inside heel hook.
By almost out of there I mean on the brink of a TKO loss
RDA fight was close but Edson was fading fast against Tony
he didn't "fuck up" RDA fight was very close came down to 3-2 rounds and he was eyepoked.
I think Tony's gonna win but this is literal MMA math
Yeah, no shit. Guy said people were sleeping on Pettis and I provided reasons why people should be. Tony has been consistently beating and finishing top 5 guys while Pettis has been losing to top 5 guys. He very clearly should be a big underdog regardless of what actually happens in the fight.

Summary:
Tony has fucked up guys that have fucked up Pettis (RDA and Edson).
Definitely not a super easy fight for Tony.
I've seen nobody that actually knows MMA once act like Pettis is an easy fight for Tony.
