Original Response:
Submission Statement: Trump and Sessions were both in the room and approving when Papadopoulos proposed this meeting, showing absolutely a willingness and readiness to conspire with Russia. Now that the first thread has come up, I'm sure that this is going to follow the same arc as the Trump Tower meeting story: Team Trump denies, then there's proof they can't overcome and they change their story to something just a smidge closer to the truth, then another detail comes out, Team Trump denies... and repeat this for about a week until they have no more lies to fall back on.
Im glad that the US and Russia are on better terms.  I gain nothing from America overthrowing Assad in Syria.  I gain nothing from having a hostile relationship with Russia.  In fact, if what they say about Russians is true (Anti Vax,  Pro Gun, Anti DNC)..it would appear that Russia cares about the average American more so than some of our allies, such as Israel.  

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
Meeting with world leaders is par for the course. Both Clinton and Trump met with leaders/representatives of 100+ nations.

Papadopoulos is being charged with lying to the FBI. He is not being charged with any kind of collusion. He sentencing has been delayed again. The closest the Papadopoulos
ever came to anyone Russian is when Stefan Halper honeypotted him.
[removed]
Papadopoulos wouldn't be the appropriate person to charge with any kind of collusion. It may be possible, but there are bigger fish to fry and flipping a witness is valuable to those ends. Plus, his own current legal strategy for saying he shouldn't be sentenced for this thing to which he pleaded guilty is that he was told to do it by Trump.
Personal attack that doesn't address a single point.  You are not here for discussion.
You maybe missed the reference he made to Stefan Halper who I believe has recently been found to have been working in some capacity with the government.  The theory is that he was meeting with  him as part of the russia set up.  

&amp;#x200B;

Why isn't carter page in any kind of trouble?
Flipping a witness is not the same as charging someone to compose.

Is it an issue that Flynn, Page and Papadopolous were all honeypotted by Halper while Halper was being paid by the FBI? Isn't that collusion?
Not a personal attack at all, and you've made no point to address.
&gt; Submission Statement: Trump and Sessions were both in the room and approving when Papadopoulos proposed this meeting, showing absolutely a willingness and **readiness to conspire with Russia.**

Oh FFS.  All we have here is Papadopoulous, the admitted liar, who is in fact facing charges because of his lying, saying Trump nodded his head about a potential meeting with Putin, and telling Jeff Sessions to get right on that.

How is that a "willingness to conspire"?   jfc.
Point 1. I gain nothing from America overthrowing Assad in Syria

Point 2. I gain nothing from having a hostile relationship with Russia

Point 3. .it would appear that Russia cares about the average American more so than some of our allies, such as Israel.

&amp;#x200B;

and while your rude comment may not be directed at me personally, it was directed at my opinion with zero explanation as to why you think it's delusional
Here's the thing: when someone pleads guilty to lying to investigators, it's because investigators know *everything*. He doesn't have any room to say anything except for what he knows to be true, otherwise he's going to jail basically forever.
Your opinion is that because you've been told that everything Russia does is good, you see no reason to say anything bad about them. It's capitulation and it's hilarious that you think anyone is dumb enough to think you're being honest.
Why isn't George Best in any kind of trouble? Why are you asking complete non-sequitors about other unrelated people?
Or it is because Mueller is being Mueller

http://thefederalist.com/2018/04/19/revealed-robert-muellers-fbi-repeatedly-abused-prosecutorial-discretion/
Damn, some day you'll have some real critique of the investigation from something vaguely credible.
You can verify everything the piece talks about. Mueller is wildly inconsistent when it comes to "justice" and he has gone after people for crimes they did not commit.
Except of course that isn't true, but the obvious coordination of the efforts to discredit Mueller is, well, obvious.
Everything is true. You can verify this stuff. It happened. No one went back in time and forced Mueller to be a scumbag.
Then do it. Don't put the burden on me to confirm your nonsense. Of course you can't, because when you start following the chain of "evidence" in a Federalist article like the one you posted, you see that they extrapolate and exaggerate the strength of that chain, but deliberately try to cover up that they did so. Reputable outlets at the very least admit when they're speculating or extrapolating from limited information.
I linked you an article that outlined Mueller's misdeeds. I could not have made it easier for you. How is that putting the burden on you?  

You can't even attack the content of my link because it is all true. Like... you can't dispute a single thing lol Anyone can look this stuff up.
The fact you are being downvoted for this shows how far this sub was hijacked. War-hawk neocon talking points on Russia alongside anti-Israeli/pro-Iranian propaganda on this sub. 

It doesn't make sense.
And I pointed out that what you linked to was written by a hack who knowingly overplays their hand.
lol what? You can verify everything. This isn't about your feelings. It is about confirmed facts that you apparently don't like.
Doesn't mean he's wrong even if it's true. Why not attack the argument rather than the source?
Because the source is the one making the argument, and I'm saying the argument relies on extrapolating from tiny amounts of information and making huge unfounded assumptions.
Okay you seem to be going out of your way to *not* read what I'm saying here.
You haven't brought anything to the table that counters factual information. You are feels &gt; substance. Is that difficult to understand?

Elsewhere in this thread, you can't answer simple questions

&gt;Is it an issue that Flynn, Page and Papadopolous were all honeypotted by Halper while Halper was being paid by the FBI? Isn't that collusion?

Are you going out of your way?
Mueller's an incompetent asshole, as anyone paying attention knows. But somehow his history of serially fucking up makes no difference to the likes of /u/45ReasonsWhy.
Mueller has been discrediting himself for the last two decades. He really doesn't need much help.
Guy's an idiot. Cannot downvote enough.
The source is merely recounting the well documented facts surrounding Mueller's series of colossal fuckups. He's not extrapolating a fucking thing and you know it.
[removed]
D'aww, you think you're being clever.
Funny how just like anyone seen as an enemy of Trump, their supposed terribleness is never mentioned until there's a sudden conservative backlash against them for saying or doing something against Trump, and suddenly all these hacks are saying *exactly* the same thing.
&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Carter page is relevant because he's much like George P as he was a low level Trump associate used in the investigation.  

&amp;#x200B;

You must be aware that there are theories that george was set up, right?

&amp;#x200B;

Also, the story the thread is about is rather laughable.  George proposed a meeting and Trump ok'd it?   Where's the problem exactly?
[removed]
That reads like a poorly programmed AI response.
[removed]
Removed.  Rule 4.
Yet you've ignored quite a few comments here that are actually breaking the rules. Several accusing me directly of being a bot.
Use the report function.
Removed. Rule 10.
Removed. Rule 10.
Rule 4.

Summary:
He is not being charged with any kind of collusion.
Papadopoulos is being charged with lying to the FBI.
I gain nothing from having a hostile relationship with Russia.
He's not extrapolating a fucking thing and you know it.
You can verify this stuff.
&amp;#x200B;

Why isn't carter page in any kind of trouble?
George proposed a meeting and Trump ok'd it?
I gain nothing from having a hostile relationship with Russia

Point 3.
Personal attack that doesn't address a single point.
You can't even attack the content of my link because it is all true.
