Original Response:
"If Conor wins, the only fight that makes sense is to fight me"

Woodleys on crack, watching too many joey Diaz clips on youtube. Conor can't make 170 eating steak and chips. Conor ain't taking that action.
GSP is the only guy above 155 that is a realistic fight for Conor. Anyone else is not worth the risk/reward.
Not to mention the stupidity of the “only fight that makes sense”. I can think of 5 guys Connor should fight, and 10 whom he shouldn’t, but would make a great ppv that I would thoroughly enjoy watching.
Agreed. But Conor knows the only way he gets that is by winning next weekend. I don't think it happens if he isn't champ.
Gaethje? Lightweight aldo. Holloway. GSP. Kevin Lee. Tony. Diaz 3. Struggling for any more there.
Poirier if he beats Diaz
[deleted]
The promo for lightweight aldo would be insufferable though. I don’t like watching Conor in promo any more and against aldo again would be torture. The fight on the other hand. Gold.
See, I don't see losing to Pettis as a reason to not make that fight. Tony probably is the striker with the best chance of shutting down Conor outside of nate. 

And I wasn't sure on poirers place in the division.
Well, Conor doesn't seem to want to do promotional work any more. All of Brazil tunes in to watch aldo get his revenge. The rest of the world tune in because of the coke head in the purple suit. It sells itself.
i edited my comment cause i read your "Tony" late and i'm a moron. i agree, Tony vs. Conor is interesting no matter what, i'm just being realistic from the UFC's angle. Tony's hardly brimming with star power, but his win-streak is a good selling point.
He obviously doesn’t believe that he’s just trying to get the biggest pay check of his life
I want to agree with you, but I wouldn't put it past the goof or WME to book it anyway, win or lose. They'd just wait a year or so for the dust to settle and so they can sell the "Conor spent a year obsessed training just for this fight and is better than ever!" narrative and people would eat it up.
Oh yeah. Logically, both coming off a loss... There's no reason not to make it. But if Tony loses then the streak is broken and there's no reason to make the fight with Conor to make him relevant again.
Maybe. But at that point what's in it for GSP. He's no longer getting to be the first triple champ. He's just fighting a midget for money, which is what Conor did for years.
Well I'm intrigued now. Is it that... or were words said behind the scenes in the clip that joey Diaz talked about on the JRE? Is there actually a motive here for Woodley to try and use conors bravado to get him in the ring...
Yeah I don’t doubt it’ll sell. I just literally have no idea what hes yelling about sometimes. I miss when he was more creative.
Idk a three weight division champ/ multiple-time simultaneous multiple-division champ could be appealing in argument of a Woodley fight.
Holy shit. The fight is next weekend. Wow. Is this real life?
They may fight for new 165 belt if Conor loses.
Steak-fed Conor was truly not ideal at all. He was way slower and gassed a lot faster at 170(168), compared to how he looked vs Alvarez at 155.
&gt;Is there actually a motive here for Woodley to try and use conors bravado to get him in the ring

yes. fat stacks.
Insane really, isn't it. Surely fight prep is fight prep to that extent, and he wouldve gassed no matter who he fought? 

I'm not saying that his game plan would have applied too.
Butterbean.
That's an idea. That said, I don't think he should go for 165, if he walks round under 170.
Yeah I agree, it's not like he didnt train his ass off for the Diaz rematch but still had to dig so deep in that fight. He was nearly dead on his feet in round 3. 

I think he just got a reality check that those boys up at 170 are just too big to be messing with. And Nate wasn't even a particularly big 170'er his frame was just better suited to it than Conor's.
I got downvoted for saying he's on coke (or did I call his plum suit purple, idk). I also got downvoted for saying he wasn't as invested in promotion any more after looking at highlights from the press conference... 

Too many of his retorts were mocking a guy who's first language wasn't English, in such a childish way. "Mememememe" when he had nothing intelligent planned out. Two years ago, he would have put khabib to bed easily. At times I thought he came out worse XD
He wasn't a welterweight. He just didn't cut too far. Nate is probably about the 175 or 180 mark in his down time. But your point still stands and I'm sure you know this yourself. Realistically, he shouldn't be doing so well at lightweight. He doesn't have a marked advantage against many people.
This is entirely a money grab for Woodley. The stupid part is that he acknowledged why this fight shouldn't happen in his trash talk
[removed]
In the event RDA had won, I could see them making that fight with some “unifinished business” promotion angle.
Yeah at times it made it seem like he put way more weight on the exchanges than khabib did. The thing about Ali was alright. I just have noticed his delivery changing drastically. No one has disputed what I’m saying, only downvoted. He’s objectively different on the mic now and I don’t like it, that’s all I’m saying.
Yeah, we're on the same page here. He doesn't want it. And he hasn't got the time to write it all out like he did before.
I would love to see Conor vs Aldo at lightweight. I don't necessarily think Aldo wins, but I think it's a much different fight this time around.
Besides Nate
WW division is for anyone 156 to 170.
God how bad would that be if he knocked him out again with a quick punch
It's not next weekend. The weekend after

Edit: Interesting. I've only ever heard it be used as like literally the next Saturday that occurs, not the one after. I guess it's a regional thing.
October 6th is next Saturday.
The list is actually just "Tony" written over and over.
Yeah, but who is going to fight in a division they can't win in?
[That's not what next Saturday means.](https://www.quora.com/When-is-it-correct-to-use-the-term-next-Saturday-or-any-other-day) Next Saturday is September 29th.
I'd call it "the Saturday after next" personally because this very problem comes up too often.
I would cry. Firstly, because I love Aldo and secondly because Conor and his fans would become even more insufferable than they currently are.
Oh my goodness! I can't believe it's here already. I hope everyone gets to their fights. I need to see Tony do well so he can get the next title shot. If he loses to Pettis he may never get another shot
&gt;what's in it for GSP

&gt;fighting a midget for money

For ALL the money
Maybe it differs from country to country. Where I'm from 29th is *this* Saturday, and Oct 6 is *next* Saturday.

Edit: Which is basically what your quora link says.
I still feel like it's fantasy.
Yeah, I feel like GSP would just fight Khabib if the latter remains champ. Conor's wrestling and size should be good enough to stay on his feet.
Did you even read the link you posted? lol

I have never, ever heard someone from refer to an upcoming Saturday in the same week as "next". The proper verbiage should be last Saturday, this Saturday which is the one coming up, and next Saturday.
&gt; next weekend  

Whaa... *checks calendar*  

Holy shit balls, we're getting Embeddeds a week today!!!
I thought someone would call me out and say it's the weekend after next, fer sure.
I'd say it depends on HOW he loses.  If we get viral clips of Khabib playing with Conor like a tiger plays with food, Conor will probably take time away and ask for a rematch, which he would get.
No the 29th is "this Saturday" and "next Saturday" is the 6th.  I've never heard anyone say next Saturday when referring to the upcoming weekend.
He's tied up fighting McKenzie Dern
to be fair, conor was the one trying to pick a fight with woodley not that far back. u just want him to stay silent?
Wasn't he coming off of a staph infection?
The next Saturday I see on occurring my calendar is September 29th so 🤷
I've never heard anyone talk this way.  What part of the country are you from?
South Central US (Oklahoma).  

But I think it's more common than you think.  I speak to people from coast to coast every day and have for 15+ years for work.  I've heard it said before.
You're right. I don't know what uneducated mooks are upvoting that other guy. The expression "this Saturday" definitely refers to the nearest upcoming Saturday, i.e. the Saturday of "this week".
That's interesting.  I'm in Denton Tx so only like 30 minutes from Ok lol.
Which is the Saturday of this week.  This Saturday.  
Next = jump down one week on the calendar.  Can you tell time?
Want him to send location?
I don't get how people don't understand this.  I had to explain the same thing to my wife.  "This" Saturday is not "next" Saturday.
What does Conor walk around at between fights?  I’d imagine it’s at least 160...
Except for reach advantage?
Why wouldn't you just say Saturday?
If he loses I'd imagine it's Diaz 3
[deleted]
But this isn't Saturday. It is Monday.
Lmao there's not really a right or wrong I think it's just a regional thing
[deleted]
I'd cry as I died from hysterical laughter when everyone meme's the fuck out of it.
I deleted it. I was doing a regional thing similar to pecan and pecan. It's pecan.

I figured it wouldn't be conveyed well without an actual sarcastic tone.
Its not THIS weekend which makes it NEXT weekend ya knob
[deleted]
Am I on bodybuilder.com?
spring of 2020 is next spring.
[deleted]
this week, next week

this saturday, next saturday
this isn't a day it's a pronoun
The 6th is "Saturday after this one comin' up" in my house and my wife knows I'm not going damn anywhere.
Anderson Silva fought DC on a day's notice straight from the couch. It was as unwinnable a fight as it can get.
It's not as massive as it was when he was a featherweight. Probably 2 inches greater on average? Compared to every fight 6 inches or more...
Was he picking a fight or just giving him attitude for being a bigger name and shit?
I know, right? When you think about it it makes sense to say though. Madness! Coming Saturday/Next Saturday
Didnt Rogan talk about him being on antibiotics the two weeks leading up to the first Diaz fight and how that messes up cardio, on top of eating more to bulk up to 170 having been cutting for a 155 fight.
Bigger than that. He’ll have 4 inches on Khabib who is a pretty big lightweight. He had 5 inches on Eddie when they fought. Lightweights on average are like 5”9-5”10 and Connor’s got the reach of a dude who’s 6”2.
I said 5 he should and 10 he shouldn’t but I would love...you named seven. I meant people like Tyron Woodley, Renato Moicano, Cowboy, etc. basically anyone whose an exciting entertaining fighter. I like matchups that are wild and bloody even if they’re total mismatches and one gets slept. Also you forgot Poirier.
Yeah, that was my list of who he should be fighting.
No idea! That doesn't seem like information I would pay attention to, and I'm curious as to how Rogan would learn that sort of thing.
I have this arguement with the wife all the time. I feel like "next Saturday" in my eyes would be the 29th.
[deleted]
picking a fight backstage in typical conor form. there's a vid out there somewhere
Yes they are. People don't understand it because you are trying to explain something wrong to them.
I think I've seen it. The one where Woodley is trying to say hi, while conors walking round shirtless switching from ignoring him to staring at him?

Summary:
this week, next week

this saturday, next saturday.
The fight is next weekend.
the Saturday of "this week".
"This" Saturday is not "next" Saturday.
I feel like "next Saturday" in my eyes would be the 29th.
But Conor knows the only way he gets that is by winning next weekend.
I would love to see Conor vs Aldo at lightweight.
He's just fighting a midget for money, which is what Conor did for years.
I hope everyone gets to their fights.
Yeah, that was my list of who he should be fighting.
GSP is the only guy above 155 that is a realistic fight for Conor.
It was as unwinnable a fight as it can get.
I've never heard anyone say next Saturday when referring to the upcoming weekend.
I don't get how people don't understand this.
I don’t like watching Conor in promo any more and against aldo again would be torture.
[That's not what next Saturday means.
The fight on the other hand.
Which is the Saturday of this week.
I don't think it happens if he isn't champ.
What does Conor walk around at between fights?
I think I've seen it.
