Original Response:
&gt;  radical feminism,

What's that? If one is going to reject it, perhaps define what is being rejected....

&gt; And we emphatically deny that lectures on social issues (or activism aimed at reshaping the wider culture) are as vital to the life and health of the church as the preaching of the gospel and the exposition of Scripture.

If talking about racial reconciliation or trying to influence culture by say, eating with the social outcasts, is not scriptural, I don't know what is. 

Looks like this statement is just here to make complementarians happy, to have a way to "officially" reject "liberals". Like, who doesn't hate those radical feminists amirite?
Radical feminism is anything more extreme than allowing your wife to wear socks while she's pregnant.
Well that's unsafe and I am wholly against it! By perverting nature and enabling women to wear socks instead of being barefoot when pregnant we are endangering all deviant women through slippage on the kitchen floor. God wonderfully designed our feet to offer support, comfort, and safety, there is no reason beyond the sheer denial of God's intelligence and love for us, to try and put socks on women. This pro-sock agenda simply demonstrates our need to separate from the world over this evil culture's rejection of God. 


/s...
That’s silly and you know that’s not what is being discussed. You are being dishonest and disingenuous.
Hey, you know how the right is always saying "it's a joke"?

*It's a fucking joke!*
Well I posed the question, I understand the complementarian argument, and I still don't know what the statement means by "radical feminism". There is a huge amount of latitude in the phrase as there is a gigantic range of views within complementarianism.
Radical Feminism in most all its forms is incompatible with Christianity. From the ones that claim marriage is a tool to oppress women to the ones that argue for men to be killed in mass to TERFs to SPRFs to SNRFs to the SCUM manifesto. None of the wide lattitude is compatible with Christianity.
&gt; Radical Feminism in most all its forms is incompatible with Christianity.

Really? I think Christianity is wildly supportive of radical feminism - granting equal rights to women is pretty radical, valuing a woman's word equal to a man's, appointing a woman to be leader and elder... pretty radical. 

One has to define what radical means here to disagree with it.
Reminds me of how I eventually decided to check out Anita Sarkeesian's YouTube channel after hearing so many people talking her up like she was this big scary extreme feminist, and was surprised to find that most of her videos arefrankly pretty dull Feminism 101 stuff.  It's pretty amazing how little it takes some times to rile people up.

  I bet some of the people who I saw going on about how awful she is would have a heart attack if they ran across a channel like ContraPoints.
You are playing fast and lose with the term radical, I outlined many radical ideologies incompatible with Christianity. You didn’t address a single one. You are being dishonest with your argument.
&gt; You are playing fast and lose with the term radical

Radical - advocating or based on thorough or complete political or social change; representing or supporting an extreme or progressive section of a political party.

So, no, I'm not, Scripture was and is radically feminist. 

&gt;  I outlined many radical ideologies incompatible with Christianity. 

You listed three by my count, but a.) this doesn't address the issue with the statement, which is that they don't define radical, and b.) isn't necessarily true. 

&gt; From the ones that claim marriage is a tool to oppress women 

Marriage is often a tool used to oppress women - look at how it is used throughout the world - you can not rationally argue marriage isn't used to oppress. Christians should oppose the use of marriage to oppress women and scripture demands we do.
You are being dishonest and disingenuous. There is a difference between “radical feminism” as we are discussing applied today and scripture being “radical” at the time of writing. You are blurring linear time and playing fast and loose with language and meaning. You aren’t interested in conversation, you are interested in new speaking your way into being correct. We are done here.
&gt;  “radical” at the time of writing

If you take a look around at the world, you'll see it is still radical. The scripture is universal, it is not simply relegated to the midwest of the U.S., one has to define terms for a reason. You don't understand what radical here means as you cannot define it - I imagine the authors couldn't agree on what radical meant either, which is probably why it lacks a definition. Rejecting something without a definition is exactly why this statement is a PR stunt and not meant to be an ecumenical confession
They went after gamers.

Gamers.
The best time to leave white Christendom in America was years ago. 

The second best time is now.
Why leave? You don't think there are any good pastors and churches in the USA?
There are many. 

But they don’t preach white Christendom.
What is white Christendom?
White = the ethnicity. 

Christendom = before 313 CE, Christianity was a subversive religion. In 313 CE, Christianity married power, in the form of Constantine. In some way, shape, or form, Christianity has since struggled with being both a political power and a religion based on the teachings of Jesus who seems to care a lot more for the power*less* than the power*ful*. 

White Christendom, to me, symbolizes that faith, which I also held for quite some time, that wants the American flag up on the alter, supports US military power, and, like the article in the OP, sits atop systems of power instead of struggling to help those trapped by systems of power. 

Edit to add: and, yes, I’m Anglican. And, yes, I know.
Says the guy who goes to the Anglo church in America haha
Which is, I agree, hilarious and hypocritical. 

However, it’s also the first Church I’ve been a member of that didn’t have an American flag up front. And it doesn’t feel like we worship the US on July 4th, unlike other churches I’ve attended.
As an attendee of a majority white (but, to be fair, reasonably diverse) church with white pastors, in the SBC, we don't have American flags up front, and the Fourth of July service isn't any different from any other week. There's still some good white, Christian, churches out there.
I agree. Yours sounds awesome. 

Peace.
Peace, 'migo
Thank you very much. I understand.
God bless you.

Summary:
&gt; Radical Feminism in most all its forms is incompatible with Christianity.
Radical Feminism in most all its forms is incompatible with Christianity.
&gt;  radical feminism,

What's that?
&gt;  I outlined many radical ideologies incompatible with Christianity.
There's still some good white, Christian, churches out there.
One has to define what radical means here to disagree with it.
You are being dishonest and disingenuous.
