Original Response:
[deleted]
Except feminism is most certainly NOT rational or reasonable in any way.
[deleted]
&gt; Prior the an understanding of DNA, evolution was unfalsiable. For a century, from 1859 to 1953, there was no accepted way of disproving evolution.

What? A lot of evolution was worked out before we figured out the double helix. Even in Darwin's time, you could come up with tests that could falsify his understanding of evolution. For example, if you saw newer species in the older part of the fossil record. Another idea would be if you could breed hybrids between two unrelated species. I'm sure that you could come up with other examples relating to things like inheritance, or if you could find evidence for other mutually exclusive theories of the time (eg spontaneous generation of new species), etc.

 Also, a lot of genetics and evolutionary biology was worked out well before we figured out the double helix. We already knew that DNA was our genetic material rather than proteins. Mutagenesis experiments were well underway. Even a lot of core population genetics that is still taught today was figured out in the early 1900s.
Except it's not.
Marxism is most definitely wrong, the very concept of pure equality is an imaginary ideal which runs counterintuitive to evolution.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Evolution was falsifiable before 1953. Jurassic fossils in a Cambrian layer, bam. 

Your post is the kind resistors will upvote because it makes them feel smart and kind of sounds like something they've heard before, but it's anti-scientific BS.
How is it based on reason?
[deleted]
Nothing in there mentions the double helix, which was worked out in the 1950s. We knew enough about DNA and mutations before knowing about the double helix to test a lot of ways to falsify evolution in your link.

&gt; The tests which you propose were not accepted at the time. Indeed, evolution was considered to fail Popper's test until 1953. 

This may have been true for some people, but certainly wouldn't have been a scientific consensus among biologists.
[deleted]
Someone read Karl popper
[deleted]
Their privilege theory can. Simply. 

Just compare the skin deep privileges they espouse to the privileges like clean water and electricity. There as though nothing in comparison.
and that ' privilege' theory is a load of BS.
What's the Kool-Aid taste like exactly? Are you for real here? You're going to compare feminist and Marxist theory, both of which are political hypothesis that can be reasoned against pretty effectively because both are filled with some major flaws, to evolution? Evolution is not political theory and really shares no similarities with feminist or Marxist theory.
You can falsify it in a minute. Humans are not all equal, therefore a system that requires all humans be treated as perfectly equal is not a good system to live under.
Is this a troll post?
I don’t know why it’s assumed that:

1. Marxism is a single ideal when it’s an academic theory with a ton of different applications, and it hardly ever stands on it’s own. 

2. That Marxism stands for “pure equality” or whatever that is supposed to mean. Marx explicitly stood against the idea of equality, and instead stood for equity. He didn’t want to make the classes simply equal, through opportunity or material, he wanted to abolish class. 

3. That an established academic theory can be disproven by a half assed Reddit comment. Seriously, you can say evolution or science disproves Marxism but that’s not really valid when you’ve shown you can’t even define what Marxism is, and it’s even less valid when you consider science isn’t some homogenous entity that makes final authoritative decisions on things. Can you provide me with a study showing the scientific consensus for saying Marxism is impossible, or can you only cite an already outdated theory of evolution (survival of the fittest as opposed to social Darwinism) in some attempt to disprove academia by entirely unacademic means?

For the record I’m the first to admit Marxism has glaring flaws. I just hate the attitude of people saying “well I’m right, because, I’m right!”
is that your professional opinion, your scientific analysis, or just your grudge that you’re letting come through over Reddit?
[removed]
Except that's not what Marxism means. Nobody actually supports "pure equality", that's just a strawman.
That's not what Marxism is.
literally how and where is it "based" in reason?? did you know that many of the most popular feminist writers suggest that "reason" and the scientific method is considered tools of the patriarchy??
&gt; Similarly, Feminist thought and Marxist thought might be considered reasonable due to their foundation in reason which sits in contrast to other forms of knowledge.

Come again? Where's the foundation in reason?
I realize, but equity, mostly based on identity is an obsession of many self identified Marxists. Actual Marxism also doesn't work wide scale and that's clear from attempts to implement versions of Marxist economic systems. It's jot just falsifiable in theory, it's been falsified in practice. The same is true of completely unregulated capitalism. One need only look at the exploitative and underhanded practices of the gilded age through to the first major stock market crash to see that capitalism needs checks and balances and can't function without oversight. Both Marx and Rand were wrong and both should be relics of the past like Franz Gall or any other disproven quack theorist.
Convergent evolution is a shaky as fuck counterargument. It wouldn’t be just one fossil in the wrong geologic layer. It would be many different fossils of many different species, all mixed up together.

Claiming that evolution converged on the exact same wide range of creatures at several different time periods over and over again is just fucking wild. No one should take that seriously. Especially considering that, for extinct species, we’d need to understand why evolution repeatedly converged over and over again on that exact design, but now for some reason that highly efficient and adaptable design is nowhere to be found.
Name them. Deomonstrate that they are ‘many’ and ‘most popular’.
Bel Hooks (the creator of intersectionalism) Clementine Ford (author of fight like a girl and most popular feminist writer in Australia). Anita Sarkeesian (founder of feminist frequency and famous feminist critic). All 3 of these women have suggested that the method of validating claims with evidence is a patriarchal tool used to silence women's voices.

Summary:
That's not what Marxism is.
Evolution was falsifiable before 1953.
Except that's not what Marxism means.
A lot of evolution was worked out before we figured out the double helix.
did you know that many of the most popular feminist writers suggest that "reason" and the scientific method is considered tools of the patriarchy?
Indeed, evolution was considered to fail Popper's test until 1953.
How is it based on reason?
literally how and where is it "based" in reason??
