Original Response:
[removed]
You listed off 20 people?
20 or 30. I thought it was a light hearted "I would but will obviously never get the chance" type conversation.
While I think he's overreacting, I doubt he was expecting you to list 20-30 people.
I feel bad but that shit had me cracking up, 20 fucking people oh my God haha
[removed]
Yeah that's super excessive. Name off a few but 20-30??
Yeah, that’s a little excessive.
I'm so happy someone else pointed this out I'm laughing out loud
Right?  Like I agree the BF is being ridiculous, but that is such an intense amount of celebrity crushes to just rattle off spur of the moment.
“I’m not talking to you for almost a week” excessive?

If this happened to me I’d have slapped my gf on the butt playfully and said something like “whoa slow down there cowboy, all you need is right here”..  am I just crazy or is that not a lot more reasonable or a response?

It’s not like OP is saying she would leave him for these people.  This is make believe!  She did go overboard a bit, but yeah okay, she knows what she likes.  Plus she’s honest!   It could have been a playful exchange or a tiny relationship hiccup.  Instead he released the long range nuclear bombers and cut the cord to the red phone.
OP trusted him to open up like that and list them, being certain that he would take it playfully and NOT that she is willing to cheat on him if she ever runs into any of these people.  Yeah it was excessive but they are now effectively broken up.  The response was crazy excessive!  And IMO OP will one day look back on this day and think “phew bullet dodged”
I said it was a little excessive. I didn’t say I agreed with his actions. I agree with everything you wrote, just didn’t care enough to put all that down myself.
Yeah he was probably fine for the first few but started getting pale around the tenth one...
[deleted]
&gt;if someone lists 20-30 famous people they want to f they just look whoreish or  they get off on fame/money/looks

I mean, I think it's possible to interpret that kind of question as 'who is physically attractive', I don't think it means "Yes, I would absolutely bang a different hot person every night for a month if given the chance."
My comment wasn't meant to be that serious - I agree that OP is dodging a bullet here.  I was just commenting on how wild it would be to sit there while someone names literally 20 celebrities they'd have sex with.

Summary:
I said it was a little excessive.
You listed off 20 people?
Yeah, that’s a little excessive.
