Original Response:
But I thought that 10m a year was a "lowball bullshit offer from cheap ass melnyk" guys?

Now people are saying he'll sign for less?
I don't buy this either.
Taxes, bruh.
There's a difference between offering less because of cap reasons, and offering less because of being broke. The Lightning's pitch amounts to "take less because we are unstoppable and you will win multiple cups" while Melnyk's is "take less because it's all I have".
If Karlsson signed for $10m AAV in Ottawa, he'd be making $4,684,129 after taxes. If he signed for $8m AAV in Tampa, he'd be making $5,074,310. That may or may not have something to do with it.
Tampa has the advantage of not being a complete shit show
Taxes, possible huge winning window, beaches, golf courses and also what matters the most: pirates lol
Lol, Karlsson will make more money at 10m per year with tampa then 12-13m per with Ottawa.

Taxes is a big advantage, especially with his contract most likely heavily in contract bonuses.
From Ottawa, it is a lowball bullshit offer from cheap ass melnyk.

I'm sorry but yes, there's a double standard. Karlsson CAN get 12-13m if he wants and thats the bar that Ottawa would need to hit.

Just look at Tavares, if it's a good fit, yes he'd take less.
The rest of the league has that same advantage, except for us
Source? I can't believe that at the highest tax bracket they claim &gt;50%
https://www.capfriendly.com/post_tax_calculator

Ottawa has the worst tax rate in the league (tied with Toronto). Tampa is tied for the best (with the Panthers, Vegas, Nashville, and Dallas)
Holy crap, over 50%?!
Not sure that's accurate given that federal rate is 33% and provincial is 13.6%. Not trying to argue as I'm genuinely interested if my math is off - I know the tax climate is much more favourable everywhere else.
I'm just going with it because it's easier to not think about it. The point is still basically the same. At worst, he'd be making about the same with those AAVs in the respective cities.
It's well documented that guys can lose almost 50% to taxes 

Source: https://www.bna.com/nhl-players-salaries-n73014470580/

https://www.tsn.ca/talent/westhead-why-montreal-is-the-worst-nhl-city-when-it-s-tax-time-1.106798
[deleted]
https://www.ey.com/ca/en/services/tax/tax-calculators-2018-personal-tax

At $10mm, take home income in Ontario is $4,684,164.
that difference is almost negligible, though. you're talking about less than half a million. teams with no state tax could offer 6-7m and it would still come out to the same or higher
&gt; that difference is almost negligible, though. 

I wouldn't call almost half a million a year negligible. If Karlsson were to sign for 7 years, that's approximately $3.5 million he'd be losing out on. Even if you're making millions a year, that's still a lot of money.
Hopefully the NHL doesn't work like the NFL where taxes come from each state they play a game in
Ok but let's not pretend the reason he won't sign in Ottawa is because of the tax rate.
It does tho
Eh, jury's still out on us.
I never said it was. Taxes are the least of that organization's problems.
It does unless you structure the salary as bonus money, ie what yzerman did with stamkos. 7 something is bonus money (taxes paid in Florida) and the other 1 million is actual salary. It will be a contributing factor for the next lock out.
I know you didn't, but the theme of this particular conversation thread seems to be that the tax rate has something to do with why Karlsson may leave.
Will it? I'm not so sure. Who's going to fight for that point?
[deleted]
You guys have a pretty good young core coming up soon man, don't worry about it! I'm sure y'all will start turning it around a lot faster than Ottawa (sorry sens fans ily but I'm just being realistic)
Owners in high-tax states and provinces.
Oh, so because Ontario players have to pay higher taxes, they automatically have to pay more salary or it's a "lowball" offer?

What kind of fucking logic is that.
I would think Nashville and Dallas have the best because of subtle scheduling differences. They have frequent division matchups with each other, conference matchups with Vegas, and only one divisional Canadian team to worry about. So over the course of the year, I imagine one of those two teams would leave a player with the lowest tax burden.
Owners may fight it since it's leverage against buyouts and lockouts in the players' favor.
I don't buy that - it's not like the teams in higher-taxed areas are hurting. Going back to the lockout, there have been zero teams in no-tax regions who've won a Cup and only two (TB in 2015, Vegas in 2018) who've made the Finals. 

In addition, I don't buy that the tax rate is the reason a lot of higher-taxed teams have trouble signing high-profile players to big contracts - in some cases still below market value. Tavares took $11M in Toronto, McDavid signed for the full 8 in Edmonton well below market value.
It wouldn't be the reason he left. It would be a reason he would consider taking less money from another team than he would from Ottawa. He can accomplish the same take home pay on a lower AAV in other cities. If he would prefer those cities to Ottawa and those teams can only fit a certain AAV under the cap, he might take a lower AAV there in order to achieve the same take home pay.

No one is saying that Ottawa's tax structure is the only reason he is leaving, but it's ridiculous to assume it isn't part of his consideration.
It's an excuse a bunch of fans of teams in higher taxes places have come up with
Then all they have to do is stop handing the contracts out. It's not hard.
And unfortunately, since it's good for generating page clicks the hockey media has latched onto it and regurgitates the idea every chance they get.
Yup. The "tax calculators" only factor in local tax rates. Not even close to how it works.
Also, taxes are a thing.
Wait so tavares is only gonna make half of that 11m? Fuck man that's crazy to think these players arent actually making near what we think
it's okay we know it too :(
depends on how you pay the player.  If most of it is bonus rather than salary, the schedule doesnt matter, and its lock out proof.  I would imagine any deal he is willing to take at a discount for whatever reason will be heavily tax and lockout proof.
Also, beaches and bikinis are a thing.
Hallo!
Depends on your accountant.
Half of his income is taxed outside of Tampa Bay.

Federal taxes exist too.
And agents don't work for free. NHLPA has dues. Then there's escrow.
Hell of a lot better than you were at even two season ago, to be fair.
Jesus man. Anyone know about how much someone gets a year if they sign 10M in Toronto after all that bullshit?
No he's not but he's getting huge lump sum payments up front which with good investing he will be able to get a great return on
Canada bro. Or more specifically, Ontario I guess
He avoided alot of taxes because his contract is mostly bonuses. That being said I wouldnt lose sleep because a top-tier, millionaire athletes is losing money to taxes.
Also, man-buddy-pirates are a thing.
You get taxed in the city you play in not 82 games at home
He didnt save anything on taxes because of bonuses lol
https://www.forbes.com/sites/seanpackard/2018/07/06/john-tavares-could-save-nearly-12-million-in-taxes-on-his-new-contract/#65d00fed1ab7
Nashville made the finals and they have no state tax either. So really 3 of the last 4 finals has had a team from a no state tax area. Tampa was also one win away from making it two teams with that advantage last year.
[deleted]
Sens don’t turn things around. They just go in circles.
[deleted]
Interesting angle.  So if/when Seattle joins the league, that would give a small tax boost to SEA &amp; VGK?  Washington state also has no state income tax.  Although, if/when Seattle arrives, *someone* will surely be bumped over to the Central division.  AZ?  VGK?
Yes there are many financial factors that can help push or pull a player away. Do many players take that into account, or even know to take it into account? Maybe, maybe not, their agents/team of people should damn right know what to ask for and to maximize the income regardless of just the tax factor.

Money now is worth more than money later, so yeah contract bonuses/up front is a good way to combat tax rate, cause in both countries capital gains would be taxed less. In Canada that's half your marginal, in the usa at these numbers it'd be 20% I think if it's totally legit with no funny business.

Also they can be told about earning US dollars in Canada, and the relative buying power, then there's cost of living for housing and other stuff, and if they have family, family quality of life for things like schools/activities/other stuff I probably don't know to take into consideration. 

Ultimately yeah $1.7 mil a year difference on a $10mil/yr contract when comparing low tax rates vs high tax rate teams is a bit, it should not make it/break it cause you're still living up life, and you'll be in the same group of the pretty decently wealthy.
I loved seeing him and Hedman as Gasparilla pirates. He seemed really into it, too, which isn't too surprising when you think about his Halloween costumes.
That costume he had on was legit. Like some real effort went into it. I was impressed.
I would assume it's probably including automatic agent-related fees and other such things.
Unless he structures the deal like Stammer's where it's ~1 million salary and the rest day-1 bonuses through Tampa. 

Hedman and Kucherov's IIRC were not as strongly tied like that but a small chunk are bonuses.
This doesn't take into consideration that you're not paying tax on your home province/state for 100% of your income.

Players pay taxes for each game's earnings in the location they played.  So for every game in Toronto, it's x% of tax, and for every game in Florida, it's different.

Players get paid daily, so they'd pay taxes on wherever they earned their money.  They spend a week in Florida playing in Tampa and Sunrise, they pay a week's worth of earnings at that rate.

Summary:
Also, taxes are a thing.
Even if you're making millions a year, that's still a lot of money.
If Karlsson signed for $10m AAV in Ottawa, he'd be making $4,684,129 after taxes.
I don't buy this either.
Players pay taxes for each game's earnings in the location they played.
depends on how you pay the player.
Tampa was also one win away from making it two teams with that advantage last year.
That may or may not have something to do with it.
So over the course of the year, I imagine one of those two teams would leave a player with the lowest tax burden.
teams with no state tax could offer 6-7m and it would still come out to the same or higher.
I wouldn't call almost half a million a year negligible.
https://www.capfriendly.com/post_tax_calculator

Ottawa has the worst tax rate in the league (tied with Toronto).
Washington state also has no state income tax.
