Original Response:
Inspired by a comment on this sub where a guy said he called the police and told them his classmate was naughty, I created this post so we can all share our experiences with pao toh kias. 

In primary 5 there was this guy who would pee in a weird way. He would pull his pants down to his knee, and then not hold his dick with his hand, instead he would just put both hands on his hips and kind of thrust his pelvis toward the urinal so that he was closer. 

So me and other boys would make fun of him by pretending to do that pose he did. He then told our teacher what we did, and what exactly we were making fun of. This was a female teacher, and he was telling her how he stands when he pees and how we are mean for making fun of that. Luckily she just told all of us involved not to talk to one another, and no action was taken. 

What is the dumbest thing for which you have been tattled on?
Was in sec 4 and got told on by other students for holding hands with bf at the mrt in uniform. Dunman High students sure are a bunch of prudes -.- also got some old uncle shouted at me at the mrt for doing the same thing lol.
River valley high, same thing for us! We get taught that relationships are so bad, but not given any reason why; and when we leave the school system, this 6 years of indoctrination causes the mindset to become so ingrained in us that we don't know how to go about relationshiping ):
Ah the ol' Mrs Look talk. If you're in a relationship they'll either force you two to break up or they'll ask one of you to leave the school. 

Was from the class of 2016. Good times. 

Also can confirm what she said didn't change much. Every year still got a lot of "secret" couples. Most teachers knew about it but as long as no PDA and their grades weren't affected they didn't condemn it.
Oh wow... Mrs Look's still there? Been nearly 2 decades since I was there.
Wow she's been there that long? She's a legend. 

Also I heard she's retiring end of this year, so her reign is ending :( She really was wise.
&gt; holding hands 

That's absolutely disgusting and you should be ashamed of yourself for such lewd behaviour. I need some brain-bleach now. Mods plz ban the poster permanently and banish her to the degenerate wasteland of r/handholding (NSFL link).
&gt;If you're in a relationship they'll either force you two to break up or they'll ask one of you to leave the school.

Knn is that even allowed? Wouldn't someone have called them out on this by now
You're in their school they set the rules. 

But again like I said, no one calls out couples and teachers tend to close one eye as long as it's not obvious.
Boi this is why school shootings happen
Back in my time, she was already known as Mrs Look... But alumni that came back during Teachers' Day call her Mdm Oh. =)
Thank you for introducing the once-ignorant me to such a magnificent subreddit

Summary:
Wow she's been there that long?
He then told our teacher what we did, and what exactly we were making fun of.
Oh wow... Mrs Look's still there?
