Original Response:
I mean he got nothing to lose
Self respect?
Hey sexy!
You think they had any to lose?
I think you have the wrong number
Who’s this?
knock knock
I don't think they know what that is
Sure, but only to a stranger which is practically nothing.
Come in
ok
"nice name tho"
OP's name couldve been literally any feminine name and he still woudlve asked for a pic lmao
"Ethel"

"Nice name tho lol. Pic?"
Wonder what he would have done if given a unisex name, like Jamie or Alex.
"Birtha"

"Nice name tho Iol. Pic?"
“Behemoth”
"C'thulu-ina"

"Nice name lol. Pic?"
Holy shit! It’s Bigfoot.
Definitely get that pic!
I bet of all entities bigfoot would get the most requests for dick pics
I'd imagine he'd get the most requests for full body pics
Lots of people are into feet.

He could be swimming in money and DMs.
Poor Ethel...

Huh. It just occurred to me that I've never met a "Lois", I think it might be a dated name too. Poor Mrs Lane.
"Good band lol. Pic?"
I don't understand why OP gave an anonymous stranger her real name. She could have said Bill or something.
[deleted]
It’s Pat!
[deleted]
I met one in high school, and she *hated* it. And her parents for giving it to her because the other kids tormented her over it. Changed her name as soon as she was legally able to.
Full Body Bigfoot or GTFO
TBF, Emily is a fairly common name. To the point where it actually may have been a fake name.
Probably the most unsexy name in existence. Bob is a sexier girls name.
"It's short for Boberanne"
Almost every guy in this thread “shoot your shot, though!!” Ew.
I do when an unknown number texts me &amp; I google it to make sure it’s not spam. 😕
Blanche
[deleted]
It's all blurry.
I've gotten further with less
Hey there "sexy bobby" ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Jeez, that seems like an extreme reaction. I rather like that name too, that's sad.

Why would kids make fun of that name? It doesn't really sound weird like Bertha or something.
Kids will make fun of anything. It was mostly because she had an "old lady" name, but there were some superman related jabs too. She's much happier with her new name.
Because being married to *fucking Superman* would just be the worst...
Yeah it would actually. Not only is there the super villains that would target you to get to superman, but there's always the chance that he forgets humans are fragile and kills you. I'm sure there are other downsides, but those two are reason enough.
&gt;  but there's always the chance that he forgets humans are fragile and kills you. 

...dude it's Superman...
ya he can accidentally dick you to death
Simurgh
Bobera
"Sam"
Oh hey Petah
[deleted]

Summary:
"Ethel"

"Nice name tho lol.
Why would kids make fun of that name?
I bet of all entities bigfoot would get the most requests for dick pics.
I think you have the wrong number.
I don't think they know what that is.
"Birtha"

"Nice name tho Iol.
I rather like that name too, that's sad.
