Original Response:
And this is why the "free market" needs regulations and a watchdog... Because when one player has most of the cards in its hands, there is no free market left and the only thing that can stop them is regulations and someone to enforce those.
For a free market to function competition needs to exist.
But doesn't an unregulated free market inevitably lead to monopolies?
Yes. Hence the game Monopoly
&gt;But doesn't an unregulated free market inevitably lead to monopolies?

And yet here we are with telecommunications among other heavily regulated industries. And not only Canada but multiple countries have that issue.

Regulations don't prevent monopolies. If they did, Canada would have concepts of choice.

Oligopolies arent a fair trade off. But ignore that we need larger and bigger governments to tell people to stop buying tickets from ticket master.

Oh that mean you have to sit out a show? Omg, previous generations sacrificed their lives in war, kids can't even by pass a concert, today. Too much suffering.
Are Canada's Oligopolies so much better? How's bell doing these days? How's rogers? Do you just ignore these regulations and just go with the logic it needs to be done better?
Nope. Ticket master hasn't gotten a dime from me because I choose not to support them.

Everyone else does thus business as usual. All everyone had to do was boycott them but they have no discipline and can't fathom sacrifice so they throw money at it like they have to, life or death, and bitch about it.

Two types. Those that do and those that whine.
I can hate more than one thing at a time, thank you very much
No, monopolies are inefficient and shitty. They only exist when propped up by special privileges. (TTC, Rogers, Metrolinx, banks, etc)
Not really. If a company is approaching monopoly status, and raising prices to take advantage of that, it increases the incentive for other parties to enter the market. 

You're more likely to end up with a stable system with a few large actors, that collude to their mutual benefit, than you are to see an actual monopoly.

Consider Microsoft Windows for example, which has an enormous market share, but is by no means a monopoly. (In some environments, e.g. universities, its uncommon to see Windows computers at all)
That's actually incorrect. There are stable and unstable Monopoly equilibria.  Ticketmaster is a good example of a stable monopolistic equilibrium.  It is at equilibrium because the big venues use it to book big names and big names use it to book big venues.  If a single venue moves off of Ticketmaster the big name loses the ability to list tickets all in one place.  If a single artist moves off Ticketmaster, venues will not book due to contractual obligations to Ticketmaster.


Therefore it is not in the economic interests of any single entity to change, even though a more efficient system can exist.
What special privilege is propping up Ticket Master?
If you think Bell and Rogers are bad, you need to read up on Comcast and AT&amp;T
Well one would be that they are allowed to use anticompetitive practices to ensure their monopoly. Venues either use TM for all their events or they get none of them.
That's not enforced by the government, nor is it a privilege as it's part of their contracts.
Yeah, this one sucks because it’s the venues that love to use ticketmaster. Ticketmaster as vile as it is offers a lot to venues in terms of taking on risk and hiding fees (many of which are paid back to the venue). I go to fewer concerts or more indie events to stop giving money to them (like MiLB vs MLB). There’s no special privileges propping this one up. The consumers love it (being the venues). As event-goers, we’re not their customer but rather the commodity.
Actually it is supposed to be, hence the privilege that is propping TicketMaster up. [Source](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Competition_law#United_States_antitrust). The problem is that governments are not enforcing laws such as this in some sectors (eg. TicketMaster, cell phones in Canada) so the normal economic activity that would allow competition is stifled, prices go up, consumers get hurt.
Equally as bad.

Someday they will announce a game changing and lucrative merger that will "benefit" everyone "consumers included" 

And our government shall turn a blind eye.
Oh yes, because that's working so well for Canada in our telecommunications market.
This is very wrong. Monopolies can exist as a result of the free market. You only need to look at the case of Imperial Oil as an example.
This is an incredibly poor understanding of economics. When an entity is large enough they are able to engage in practices that discourage competition. They are often able to use their size and reach to prevent new entrants into the market.
Well, first of all, Canada's telecommunications system is definitively not a monopoly, as there is obviously more than 1 telecommunications company. 

Second of all, are you *really* going to try and tell me that Canada's telecommunications market is an example of an unregulated free market?
It's heavily regulated because of the Oligopoly we have. 

Yes it used to be less regulated, and it's gotten more and more regulated because of their influence and desire to make it harder and harder for new encumbants to form.

Summary:
Monopolies can exist as a result of the free market.
It is at equilibrium because the big venues use it to book big names and big names use it to book big venues.
But doesn't an unregulated free market inevitably lead to monopolies?
They only exist when propped up by special privileges.
Oh yes, because that's working so well for Canada in our telecommunications market.
&gt;But doesn't an unregulated free market inevitably lead to monopolies?
There’s no special privileges propping this one up.
