Original Response:
Right after sex I had a woman get excited over my butt.

&amp;#x200B;

She just sat there squeezing and admiring it like it was the greatest thing she's ever seen, almost cheering in excitement.  
Being somewhat self conscious, it was nice to have someone get excited over some part of my body with an absolute glee. It was pretty random and unexpected, but I layed there for a good 5 minutes happily getting my butt squeezed.

&amp;#x200B;

What has a One Night Stand done to/for you that was unexpectedly pleasant?
Woke up to her giving me a blowjob, 10/10 would have happen again
Idk about men, but me (female) am not sure i would appreciate the guy going down on me while sleeping on a ONS. Kinda feel like abuse. But I've never had a ONS so I can't know

EDIT: I don't know why I I'm being downvoted for some feeling I said I might have 😂😂😂
Could you elaborate on the abuse part?
Yes of course. So, I have never had a sexual intercourse with someone who isn't my boyfriend so what I'm saying is my feeling about some hypothetical situation I have never experienced. 

I have a boyfriend. If my boyfriend were to eat me while I'm sleeping (never happened since he's very careful on the consent part of everything we do which is really cute XD ) , I think I wouldn't mind and maybe even find that hot af. 
But 
If I had sex with someone I just met and then fell asleep with him and then I wake up on him eating me, I'm not sure how I'd feel about it. It's like, sex is over, I'm asleep, we don't really know each other's preferences and boundaries so before trying something that MIGHT make the other one feel uncomfortable, we should talk about it. 

As for the abuse part (I'm sorry if I was long), I would even feel that he's taking advantage of me by taking something I didn't agree to give him at that very moment (I was sleeping). 

But again, I don't know I how I'd feel about it and I don't want to be that person that uses a strong word in the wrong place (abuse, depression, rape etc).
I see what you mean now. Thank you for sharing!
Pleasure
You are totally fair in thinking that, no one should ever, EVER, assume that what they are doing sexually is okay before asking for consent.
I agreed with you. Thank you.
Consent ruins the surprise factor of "woken up by blowjob" though.
And that's where the line is, though. This is a risky move, a really, really risky move. You have to be absolutely sure the ONS went really well, that you were vibing good, that the person hadn't planned to leave in the morning and simply overslept, and then it still might be possible it ends up being weird, awkward and unpleasant for the receiver.

Talk about the hypothetical possibility of being woken up with sex beforehand and then do it or don't. I wouldn't do this with a ONS, or want it done to me.
Im sorry you were downvoted earlier, its definitely not cool. Abuse may be a strong word, but each persons definition of ok is different. You would not be ok with it, and thats your right. I would hope a ONS would stop when you woke up and said no, which would also hopefully help you feel like it was a miscommunication more than abuse as well. Its never good to assume someone likes something either though, and thats what it seems like you have an issue with.
&gt; As for the abuse part (I'm sorry if I was long), I would even feel that he's taking advantage of me by taking something I didn't agree to give him at that very moment (I was sleeping).

The mental gymnastics required to believe this...amazing. In the scenario you are discussing, you're being woken up by the man you met 12 hours ago, who you've already fucked, and slept next to, to more sexual, non-penetration sex, and you feel like he's 'taking something you didn't agree to give him'.  There's some reasonable consideration that since you fucked him within hours of meeting him, perhaps you're up for it?

Good lord, where do you come from?
Giving someone consent once doesn't mean you're giving them consent forever. Consent should never just be assumed. If OP were woken up by oral sex when they never consented to it (by talking about it and agreeing to/showing interest in it the night before, for example) then the other party would absolutely be doing something OP didn't agree to. There's no mental gymnastics here, just facts.

Time to bring up the [5 dollar metaphor](https://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/sexual-consent-analogy-purse-and-money-nafisa-ahmed_uk_57b57353e4b026af7c4c9e04) again. Just because someone gave you $5 before, doesn't mean they have to give you $5 now or in the future.
I just ran into that with my wife this morning. I came to bed after working a night shift job (we were both going to sleep in because of the Labor Day holiday). She was asleep so I cuddled with her and gave her butt a friendly fondle. That got me hard but she didn't respond, so "OK, she's sleepy, I'll lay off." Later she rolls into me and I give her a hug and a little breast fondle but she doesn't react so I roll away again.

Half an hour later she's like, "Well, I can't stay in bed any longer, if you want to make love you'd better get started." I (later, no fool I) told her that we had a communications disconnect...I interpreted her nonresponse as a negative, and she replied that she wasn't saying no, just being passive.

Uhh, no thanks. I'm the hornier one, there's no way I'm forcing myself unwanted on my wife because undesired sex is not sex. I had to tell her in no uncertain terms that if I don't get a green light of some kind, that's a red light.

This has happened before. I have no confidence that this talk will help, but I have to stand firm on this, the stakes are too high.

On the whole our sex life is good, but I have to watch for her boundaries because she's kind of submissive and not in a good sexy way, in the passive and resentful way, if she feels pressed or disrespected.
So sex is an item that is tangible and can be exchanged for goods and is in limited supply. Got it.
&gt;5 dollar metaphor

&gt;**metaphor**

But also, prostitutes exist, so yes /s

Edit: forgot the /s
Okay, I’ll make sure to pick up a package of “sex” next time I’m out since you consider it a tangible good.
Do you not know what a metaphor is?
So something that’s tangible and limited is the same as sex?
No.

You didn't answer my question. Do you not know what a metaphor is?
I do, but the one you listed here isn’t accurate. Hope this helps.
Hell, i gotta agree. There is a one night stand where you screw each others brains out and then somebody gets up and leaves! If you agree to a sleepover, then that should sorta imply that there could be more to come after a little nap time. Getting offended about being awaken with more sex is kinda crazy. Just my opinion....
I think he doesn't agree with the $5 metaphor...
&gt; And that's where the line is, though. 

In your value system, not in mine. I didn’t have ONS specifically in mind, I’d want to know the person quite well (which might or might not happen in a single day/night).
After we were done, she told me I was the biggest she had ever had.

One of the coolest moments of my life.
Reading all these comments about men being happy to hear they have big penises, i'm wondering what is the equivalent of big dick for a woman ? It's definitely not big boobs or big butt
Just being told you're really good at giving head maybe? That's my favourite compliment anyway!
Being told we're the best you've ever had is similar to you're the biggest dick we've ever had. Or something along the lines of how amazing we are in bed.
But that kind of goes both ways. It's not a specific compliment for women. I really can't find the equivalent for us XD
Tight vagina maybe?
My favorite thing (I’m a woman) is being told I have a tight pussy. I know r/badwomensanatomy has a field day with this stuff (and rightfully so) and I know it’s due to my tiny frame and not sexual activity level, but it’s still flattering to hear it. Means I made them feel good just because of how my body is rather than what I actively did, which makes me feel good about my body.
I thought about that but then if someone says you have the tightest vagina ever that could come out as negative, no ? Especially if he has the biggest dick ever 😂
It’d certainly be a bit fucking weird.
Equivalent would be “your body is fucking hot”. While men are blessed with only penis-insecurities, women get to “enjoy” insecurities about their whole body, no matter what shape they are.
Fuck, you're right.
Men have insecurities about other body issues besides penis, I can tell you that for sure.
My favourite pussy compliment to hear is just that it FEELS amazing. 
My hubby often moans something like that right before he cums (his latest is that it feels like silk lol) and oh lordy it drives me every bit as wild.
I know, I know. But typically not on the scale that women do. And also, men are usually really good at tuning out negativity about themselves during sexual situations, they make peace with shit they can’t change. Like unusual hairiness, baldness, skin conditions etc, weird penis bends, etc. Women, not so much.
Personally I really like being told my downstairs lady bits are pretty.
Tightest pussy.
I think I get what you're trying to say, and I'm glad you're trying. But the specific way you've phrased it here definitely feels like you're trying to speak for men and say that most of them don't get negative thoughts about themselves, when we really do.

It's worth considering that if you say "men are usually really good at tuning out negative thoughts", then how does that feel for men who aren't? As men we get a lot of societal garbage about "real men are confident, so if you're insecure you better push it down inside" which leads to a lot of terrible things.

But also I respect that your point probably was about body issues in particular, women receive a lot more societal garbage about judging themselves and being judged on the shape of their bodies. Men aren't judged on it as much, or trained to judge themselves on it. 

Just a thought with regards to reinforcement of toxic ideas, while we're discussing other toxic ideas! Thanks
I mean I've complemented the way girls feel wrapped around me in what I assume is a similar manner, taste, smell, texture, etc etc...
You aptly point out women are judged more harshly on their body’s appearance than men. The question was: is there an equivalent of praising a penis for women? And I am telling you, women crave to have their whole bodies accepted on a whole different level than men do. Like if they have perfect breasts, legs, but... maybe thin lips and some jerk boyfriend from their past have offered to pay for collagen fillers because « he likes fuller lips around his dick », she will forever focus on this one fucking perceived wrong thing about herself. This is specific, cos this happened to a very good friend of mine, so now when she is with a good guy who thinks she is hot, she’s still like « he doesn’t mean it ». I personally have lots of 9s and 10s gfs, drop dead gorgeous women, that constantly get hit on in public and they always gripe about some invisible defect, apparent only to them. On the other hand, if a fit, conventionally attractive male has a mole or flat feet, he is more likely than not be like “yeah, I have this unsightly thing, but I’m gonna play up my strengths and see where that lands me. » Like, I am looking at these downvotes in amusement - are people that oblivious to the irony in my comment to notice that I am complimenting men on [generally] having healthier self-perception when it comes to your bodies. Apparently so🤷‍♀️
If you wanna get real about, men are not measured by their beauty, but by their brains and brawn first. Unlike women.
Maybe just like a pretty vulva or just appreciating the appearance of the parts that a lot of women can get self conscious about
"Perfect tits" is pretty nice to hear.
Pretty sure it's "loosest vagina."
Fingering me while on my period.

​I was so turned on by the experience as we were making out after a few beers, he held his hand on the small on my back and shoved his other hand down my pants. I normally do not like fingering in general because most men are way too rough but it was perfect. When I opened my eyes, I saw blood all down his hand. I sat up, petrified he was going to lecture me but he told me that he thought it was the most beautiful he ever saw.

There's a huge taboo about menstruation and so much misconception out there that when he did that, I felt like a woman being worshiped. It felt wonderful.
That’s amazing! One time a dude literally yanked the tampon out of me and threw it across the room so we could start fucking. Pretty much my best moment.
Fuck yeah!
I've done that before. My buddies and I call it the ripcord
Disgusting. I love it.
Omg. All I would be able to think about is the mess and how hard it is to clean out bloodstains.

Edit: also that reminds me a bit of Beyblades
[deleted]
same, at ABSOLUTE BEST I would be thinking about that the entire session.

at worst, justifiable homicide.
On fresh blood stains...hydrogen peroxide will remove a good majority if not all the blood.
I don't get the taboo. I love when either of my women are on their period. I always try to get some when aunt flows in town.
Yep! Soak in peroxide for about 20 min, then hand wash with COLD water and whatever soap is by the sink. Through the wash and good as new or just finish cleaning it in the sink if it's something small like underwear.
But did you earn your red wings?
Now what about a mattress?
Just squirt peroxide on the blood, blot it up with a paper towel after a minute or so and repeat till it's cleaned. Also mattress protectors are just generally a good thing to have, there are really nice ones that aren't just a giant plastic sheet!
The only thing that tops that is one of crazy Steve's ripstarts.
I normally have a black towel I put down but alas I was ambushed
Understandable 😊
It’s a common condition in American society. Just like women were thrown in the woods during medieval times for their period until they were “pure” again.
Hahahaha! Holy shit.
It’s honestly not hard to clean blood stains...Hot soap and water right after it happens. Also towels?
But doesn't the blood mess up the lubrication and make the surfaces "dry"?

Summary:
I don't get the taboo.
I think I get what you're trying to say, and I'm glad you're trying.
Right after sex I had a woman get excited over my butt.
I see what you mean now.
I think he doesn't agree with the $5 metaphor...
This is a risky move, a really, really risky move.
Means I made them feel good just because of how my body is rather than what I actively did, which makes me feel good about my body.
I wouldn't do this with a ONS, or want it done to me.
Just being told you're really good at giving head maybe?
It's not a specific compliment for women.
I love when either of my women are on their period.
You would not be ok with it, and thats your right.
Personally I really like being told my downstairs lady bits are pretty.
I thought about that but then if someone says you have the tightest vagina ever that could come out as negative, no ?
Giving someone consent once doesn't mean you're giving them consent forever.
Consent should never just be assumed.
After we were done, she told me I was the biggest she had ever had.
