Original Response:
I grew up in a polygamous cult in Salt Lake City, Utah.  My dad had 27 wives and I have over 200 brothers and sisters from other mothers. I'm the oldest of 11 children from my biological mother. I escaped at age 17 to avoid an arranged marriage to my 1st cousin, and I recently wrote a book about it called [The Leader's Daughter](https://www.amazon.com/Leaders-Daughter-Nicole-Mafi/dp/1723083283)  AMA! [Proof](https://i.imgur.com/mFgtzVJ.jpg) and more [proof](http://archive.sltrib.com/article.php?id=54315360&amp;itype=cmsid).
I guess I'm less concerned with what demonination they claimed and more with is polygamy a widespread belief there? Or is this something mostly fringe believers do?
The polygamist breakoffs of the LDS church consider themselves to be fundamentalist Mormons. There are 3 very large groups here in Utah, with members all over the United States. 1. FLDS (Warren Jeffs group. About 10,000 members), The Allred group (about 5,000 members), and the Kingston group (I'm from this group, and we had about 5,000 members). There's also alot of independent polygamist families who practice the religion but aren't affiliated with a group

&amp;#x200B;
I met a woman in Oregon about 15 years ago. She said her family never left polygamy, so they were considered special. She was upset as a sister was being given to the Kingston family. I assume this is one of the independent groups.
possibly. A lot of people who seem to be independent are from the Allred group
I'm familiar with FLDS and warren Jeffs. I didnt realize there were more offshoots. I don't mean to offend you if you are still practicing but the entire Mormon religion seems like it was started so Joseph Smith could fuck as many women as possible and young girls. The fact the main faction even stopped was so they could get religious status with the government
I agree with you 100%

I'm not a part of it at all.
I couldn't be happier you were able to get out. 

Is there a network for people like you who want to leave that kind of place
There are organizations who help people leave. They weren't really around when I left, and even if they were, I didn't know about them because I was so closed off from the outside world. Since I've left, I've found a huge community of others who have left other groups
Just as clarification here as elsewhere, these are not recognized as “LDS”. They have separated themselves greatly from the orthodox doctrine of the actual Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. 

The actual LDS religion is over 14 million members, so 5-10K are small off-shoots that again, are not recognized by the church. It would be like comparing Jihadist terrorist with the mainstream Nation of Islam. Very different, and it’s a bit insulting to blur the lines in either case.
I love south parks description of it.
Not really. Read the quaran/book of mormon. These extremists are reading old books literally/reading the writing of a horny guy.
The CES letter seems to confirm this
Really?  What part of The Book of Mormon that makes you think it was written by "a horny guy"?
Uhh Holy shit.... I have relatives in Utah who are Allreds, and I was raised Mormon. I think my relatives are polygomists. Is there a way for me to verify this?
Actually, the Nation of Islam is a black  offshoot of the greater Islam faith.
They *might* be descended from them, but it's only called the "Allred group" because two of its leaders had that name. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apostolic_United_Brethren
They're most likely not, but I met some of them at a family reunion this summer, and having been raised Mormon, had some weird beliefs and still claimed to be Mormon. Also, there were what seems like hundreds of them in this one really small Utah town. It was bizarre enough that it has me really curious.
You do realize that polygamy wasn't a thing until *long* after the church was started, right?

EDIT: Perhaps long was the wrong term to use, but it doesn't change the fact that polygamy had nothing to do with the founding of the church.
I bet it's the part where Alma teaches Corianton about the Law of Chastity
This simply isn't true. The founder, who died at a young age, practiced polygamy.
FLDS and the Allred group are considered AUB, correct? But, Kingstons are not considered AUB?
You are incorrect. Joseph Smith was pursuing other women ("wives") in the 1830s, while in Kirtland, OH. He then became a prolific polygamist, in the early 1840s, while in Nauvoo, IL.

http://wivesofjosephsmith.org/ 

and 

http://www.mormonthink.com/joseph-smith-polygamy.htm
How about Jacob 2:30, which gives Joseph Smith the right to "raise up seed" (by taking another "wife") if God commands him.

https://www.lds.org/scriptures/bofm/jacob/2.30

How familiar are you with the way that Joseph Smith was practicing polygamy?
&gt; these are not recognized as “LDS”. They have separated themselves greatly from the orthodox doctrine of the actual Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.

You've got that backwards. The "mainstream" LDS church has separated itself from the orthodox doctrine "restored" by Joseph Smith. Mormon polygamists are still practicing the doctrines that were given to them by Joseph Smith and Brigham Young. The mainstream LDS church (approximately 5 million active members worldwide) is the organization that moved away from the doctrines of Joseph Smith when they attempted to eliminate polygamy (yeah right) in 1890 in order for Utah to achieve statehood.
Allow me to clarify: polygamy didn't enter into the church at its founding. The founding of the church was in the works for years before it's official founding, and was founded because of events that Joseph Smith experienced when he was a teenager. Polygamy didn't enter into the equation.
Allow me to clarify: polygamy didn't enter into the church at its founding. The founding of the church was in the works for years before it's official founding, and was founded because of events that Joseph Smith experienced when he was a teenager. Polygamy didn't enter into the equation.
I'm aware, but that doesn't actually mean anything. Especially considering that your comment implied that polygamy wasn't practiced by it's founder in a relatively short amount of time after the church was founded.
&gt; I'm aware, but that doesn't actually mean anything.

It means a lot actually, in this context. Considering I was replying to a comment that insinuated that Smith only started the church to get in other women's pants, I'd say it means a lot. Again, the founding of the church had nothing to do with polygamy. That's all I meant.
Ok but it changed from "Joseph Smith started the church to get into other women's pants" to "Joseph Smith started the church and then got into other women's pants" and this is leaving out all the parts about how some were very young and some were already married and there's some evidence that coercion was involved. 

Like, those statements are different, but one isn't better than the other, morally speaking. Which is why I said it doesn't change anything.
It does when you look at the church as a whole. But you're obviously not going to listen anyway, so I'm not going to bother.
It's a real shame that Joseph Smith's noble intentions have been twisted and warped into the mormon cults we have today.
Polygamy was practiced by the founder of the religion and it then continued after his death. The fact that he wasn't yet a polygamist during the events that he claimed "inspired" him seems to be a pretty pedantic point to raise and doesn't contradict the fact that mormonism &amp; polygamy have gone hand in hand since the very beginning.
Maybe it's not the book of mormon, but you can find plenty of writing that backs up that he was [super horny](http://wivesofjosephsmith.org)
He didn't start the polygamy for years. In the beginning he was more of just a grifter, ruining their lives and making money off them. He probably loved the power of running his own religion after awhile, whenever he formalized it more. But these cult leaders nearly always take multiple wives. See David Koresh, et al. There is a book, Feet of Clay, that talks about how many "gurus" end up with multiple wives and they go along with it since they're already brainwashed.

The thing that is interesting about the early Mormons is that it wasn't only Joseph Smith, but other church "elders" got to also practice polygamy. Usually the leader won't let any other men have even their own wife to keep as their own. Of course there are those that think Brigham Young was far more evil than Smith.
&gt; seems to be a pretty pedantic point to raise

It's not pedantic to note that the founding of the church had nothing to do with the polygamy that was practiced later.

&gt; mormonism &amp; polygamy have gone hand in hand since the very beginning. 

Except for the last 150 years or so. But what difference does that make, right?
You're correct that I'm not going to excuse a group's founder's actions, and pretend that immoral actions are somehow moral, all because your beliefs tell you otherwise.
Noble intentions? You should go back and study up on Joseph smith
That's not true at all
I study cults very deeply and I can tell u right now Joseph Smith's first and main goal was multiple young wives from day 1. They only stopped it in the main faction so they could get the government to reconize thier dumbshit religion
Perhaps I misspoke when I said long. However, the fact remains that polygamy had nothing to do with the founding of the church, and didn't enter into the church until it had been established for years.
Polygamy was part of the beginning. When joseph smith died the main faction wanted to get religious status but had to get rid of the polygamy.

Then that caused the FLDS to splinter off with Warren Jeffs because they weren't going to give up fucking small children and polygamy.

Mormonism is less than 200yrs old and they wear magic underwear.
At least the bullshit Christianity is spouting is a couple thousand years old.

Might as well be a Scientologist. At least it was written by a science fiction writer in the 60/70s
I figured the /s was unnecessary
Does anyone think some women are just okay with polygamy because at least they can join the fold of a powerful man rather than bother with an average joe?
You clearly have no idea what you're talking about. Go read up on some facts and get back to me.
I'm sorry that you're upset that your church hasn't exactly been a paragon of moral virtue for its entire history. Mormonism &amp; polygamy have gone hand in hand since the very beginning is what I said, I didn't say "since the very beginning and right up to the present day", though a strong case for that can be made since all of the christian sects that practice polygamy have their roots in mormonism, and as another poster pointed out a very strong case can be made that those offshoots are in fact the original mormon church and that the modern popular idea of mormonism is a branch of those churches rather than the other way around. America was founded on the theft of native american land is another true statement I could make, but then someone like you will say "Well actually christopher columbus didn't hurt any natives when he first arrived" as if that is a challenge to my original statement, its picky &amp; pedantic and makes no difference to the bigger picture. 

Mormonism has polygamy specifically written in to its original scriptures. Its original founder practiced polygamy. Mormonism is founded on polygamy. Your desperate attempts to try and separate the two amount to nothing but pedantic nitpicking sine the two are to closely intertwined for you to point to anything solid to back up your position to the point where you honestly think that "Joseph Smith wasn't a polygamist as a teenager!" is a valid argument.
&gt; Mormonism is founded on polygamy.

Obviously it's not and it wasn't. Just because it was practiced in the early days doesn't mean it was a core tenet of the religion. Otherwise, the religion itself wouldn't exist without it. It clearly does. I am acutely aware that the people in the church were not perfect. Neither am I, and neither are you. There once was a time when polygamy was practiced by the church. But it was relatively short compared to the lifespan of the church. And pretending that the church is so steeped in polygamy when it so clearly isn't is disingenuous.

&gt; a very strong case can be made that those offshoots are in fact the original mormon church and that the modern popular idea of mormonism is a branch of those churches rather than the other way around.

And there's a much stronger case to be made that those offshoots of the LDS church are just that: offshoots that left.

Have a nice day.
I would say the same to you. I study cults pretty deeply and would argue you've been getting your facts from the church. 
Not actual facts.
The fact this thread even exist proves my point
about 5000 members, and you mentioned your father has about 200 kids. Assuming he's typical of the group, that means there's about 25 men each with many wives. Is that roughly accurate?
My dad is the leader and he has more kids than most people. Most of the demographic is between 0-20 because they have babies so quickly
Fine, you're going to make me do it.

&gt; When joseph smith died the main faction wanted to get religious status but had to get rid of the polygamy.

Actually, no when Joseph Smith died, the church made the decision to travel west. It was a few presidents of the church later that the Official Declaration that officially banned polygamy from the church was made.

The splinter groups that formed from the point of Joseph Smith's death were about who would lead the church, not polygamy. Several of these splinter groups later joined together to form the RLDS church, which is now the Community of Christ.

&gt; Then that caused the FLDS to splinter off with Warren Jeffs because they weren't going to give up fucking small children and polygamy.

Warren Jeffs wasn't around for that. A little nitpicky, I know, but you claimed to have done such deep research, and that's a fact that I thought you wouldn't have missed. Also, the FLDS split off because they considered the current prophet of the time to have lost his way for going back on what they saw as an irrevocable decree from God (nevermind that their leader had literally no claim to authority whatsoever, and that God changes things as the people become ready for them).

I'm not defending them, mind you, what they do now, and probably then, is despicable. But claiming the LDS church as a whole was based solely on polygamy is disingenuous and willfully ignorant.

&gt; Mormonism is less than 200yrs old and they wear magic underwear.

And Catholics wear crosses and Jewish people wear yamakas. This statement has little bearing in anything, let alone an argument against Joseph Smith or the church in general.

Come back when you study up, like you claimed to have done. Actually, on second thought, don't come back, I've heard enough of your bullshit.
I've heard enough church speak. Religion is all about control of people and Mormonism is the Pinnacle of this. It's a cult plain and simple. With magic underwear to boot. You can defend it all u want. Sounds like you are into fucking kids and having 7 wives

Edit: they didn't care about the prophets. I'm sure that's what they teach you in church right before your wife was assigned to you but the fact is it was purely about keeping polygamy and the rape of small girls
Sounds like you've just got a bone to pick, now that you've reduced yourself to personal attacks and baseless insults. I hope you find some sort of joy in the sad, sad life you must lead.
Only thing that works since religious people will only listen to facts put out by church and not cold hard scientifically or historically proven ones
Not really, but you go ahead and keep thinking that if it makes you feel better. I'm done with you.
So you know anything about Smith?
Praise the word of Jesus.
How many others if any got out? Does the leader marry any of his own blood relations in the cult?
I am the fifth child who left out of 200+ 

I'm no longer in contact with most of my family, but I've heard about 10 of my siblings have left
How do they contact you?
Lol my mom has my phone number in her phone

&amp;#x200B;
Wasn't sure if the family members you're in contact with had to be secretive in the way the communicated with you to avoid being caught.
Yes, my relationship with my siblings is kept secret
[deleted]
Wouldn't your mom get in trouble for having your number? Or can she justify it with 'I'm trying to get her back here?'
My mom was allowed to talk to me because my dad knew she would never leave him and she could use me for information and to try to lure me back.
That totally makes sense. I wish you a happy life!
She mentioned having over 200 siblings across her father's 27 wives.
thank you!
Does your mom support your decision to leave and stay uninvolved?
And eleven full siblings. Shes the eldest of the eleven.
How many siblings do you have, again? Didn't you say several of your sisters are still there, and married?  Just trying to keep track.
lol I am the oldest of 11 from my mom. My dad has over 200 kids. I don't know the exact number and I don't think he knows either
This is hard to comprehend.  I applaud you for your escape and personal success.  Thank you for this AMA.
Other elephant in the room?

Do you ever think about "liberating" your sibs?
Lol if you have any ideas about how to "liberate" my sibs, I'm all ears :)

&amp;#x200B;
I mean, if they seriously want to escape, but are too young to leave on their own, you could sue your parents for custody?
I would assume that you would know way more about that than I would. I wish you well.
Not a cult, but I come from a sexual, emotional and physically abusive household. I was able to escape and live with my real dad when I was 13 (after a lot of court battles). But I had left my two younger sisters behind. They continued to live with my my mom and step dad until they graduated.

Dealing with guilt of "abandoning" them in that environment has been one of the hardest things I have had to do in my life.

I really wish you all the best on helping your sisters. It's a terrible situation that no one should ever have to experience. It's good that you are maintaining those relationships, that was key for me and my sisters.
yeah, I know I carried a lot of guilt for abandoning my siblings, but I also know I had to take care of myself before I could take care of them. Just know you did the right thing by getting yourself out of the situation, and it wasn't your job to protect them. That falls on their mom. I'm sure you did the best you could with the resources you had.
Oh yeah, I've more or less come to terms with it by now. I was only 13, nothing I could do. I'm 35 now and my sisters and have a very strong relationship. One has just asked me to give her away at her wedding. Our step-dad doesn't know that quite yet and we aren't expecting a very pleasant reaction when he finally hears the news. (He will more than likely refuse to attend or refuse to spend (or let our mom spend) any money on the wedding)

I wish there was some small piece advice that I could give to help you through it all but my coping methods weren't exactly great. In general, I would say take care of yourself, both mentally and physically, and keep those lines of contact open with your sisters. It's a long road but it was worth it for me and I hope it works out for you guys.
Would be a lot of emotional pressure on her though wouldn't it?
It’s obviously a decision she could make, but if she were to make a decision, that’s always a possibility
I'm imaging flashbangs and Mad Max warpaint.

Flip comment side, thanks for doing this Iama.
I just finished Far Cry 5 and I have a few ideas.
I assume most people would think your father and his brothers getting murdered would be a net positive to society and your family as well. I don't suggest you should undertake this.
Lol I've learned you can't help someone who doesn't want to be helped. It's sooooo incredibly frustrating.
You could kidnap them but that's frowned upon
Yeah I've tried. I had to send them back
As a sibling you have a better chance than a well wishing stranger so there is that.
My mom has had DCFS at her home so many times, it's not even funny.
Have you checked out r/exmormon?  A lot of folks with similar family struggles, some even married to true believers.  Also some excellent resources in the sidebar, if any missionaries come knocking I’m ready with lots of questions.

Your story of escape is inspiring, thank you for sharing.  Wishing you only the very best.
Thank you, yes I'm part of that subreddit :)
How many elephants are in your room man?
[deleted]
Can you elaborate?
Another good way to look at this is that by getting out you are protecting all your future children from the abuse and coercion you experienced. It's great when siblings can help each outer out of a bad situation, but you're right on the money that the *parents* are the ones who're truly responsible, not the siblings.
How do you think women are convinced to stay and marry, and share a husband? What biblical support from the New Testament does the FLDS give for polygamy?
There is nothing in the bible that condones polygamy. The Doctrine Covenants is the book that talks about polygamy. This is not a Christian book. It is strictly LDS and FLDS religions.

Women believe they will go to hell if they don't follow their husband. He is the "head of the household" and women are expected to obey him in everything.
From my experience talking to LDS people in front of my door (very nice and friendly people by the way), they tell me that The Book of Mormon compliments The Bible.

Having said that, 1 Tim 3:2 says "The overseer should therefore be irreprehensible, **a husband of onenwife**, moderate in habits, sound in mind..."
If i remember right, look up Doctrine Covenants section 168. It talks about polygamy

&amp;#x200B;
It's difficult to take one verse and extrapolate it to mean something that it probably was not intended to mean. 

First off, most modern scholars don't even think this was a letter written by Paul, but probably some other unknown Christian author. 

The verse you quote is most often used to argue that women should not be allowed to hold leadership positions.

I think it's likely that it was meant mostly as a cultural reference of the time rather than a strict list of conditions for all time. Is it a condemnation of polygamy or is it written to a people who are not polygamous, and so he is saying the overseer should be faithful to his wife? Is it a group that only has one wife but possibly multiple concubines, as seen in other parts of the bible? Is it saying only men can ever be leaders or did they simply not consider women as leaders at that time? I don't know, that's the danger of taking random letters written to specific people for specific reasons at a specific time and trying to apply them to everyone everywhere forever. 

I'm not trying to defend polygamy, just point out that it's hard to take a verse with perhaps one intent and try to use it to justify a different intention. Most of the anti-gay verses from the bible fit a similar style - it's not always directly addressed but can be implied from the verse.  

&amp;#x200B;
Honestly, it does sound like you are trying to defend polygamy by making it unclear. If it only means then that those holding leadership can't have multiple wives, like you think one of the possible explanations may be, why isn't the dominant Christian denominations allow multiple wives?
Is this a Biblical verse / document?
Doctrine Covenants is an LDS doctrine. It has nothing to do with the bible. LDS have their own "bible" (Book of Mormon, Pearl of Great Price, and the Doctrine Covenenants)
[deleted]
Gotcha. Thanks
Personally I think polygamy is a terrible idea and has a ton of flaws. I just want to put that out there first.

I'm not trying to get in to the minutiae of this particular verse, I'm mostly just warning against using random bible verses to try and justify or condemn anything, especially when the topic is not being directly addressed. The bible can probably be used to support nearly any viewpoint you want.
Woah? D&amp;C 168??? 
Which version is that? The standard LDS version goes up to only 138.
I just looked it up. It's Doctrine Covenants section 132. I apologize for the error
This isn’t exactly true. Abraham had children with more than one woman. That’s just one quick example. The practice of fathering multiple children with different mothers doesn’t seem too unusual in biblical times. Maybe the word polygamy doesn’t appear in the Bible but the practice is there.

Having said that, your experience sounds awful and it’s a shame that people use religion to justify such awful actions. Good for you for being strong enough to get out
I was curious so I looked it up. The Bible doesn’t specifically say to do it or not do it, but lots of significant people in the Bible had multiple wives. So I guess you could extrapolate that if Abraham did, or Solomon, then it is a good thing.
The Book of Mormon actually condemns polygamy in the portion called Jacob. I think chapter three. Polygamy is believed by LDS to have been a temporary solution to a problem in the early church concerning population size and the care and protection of women. It is considered one of the large blemishes of our past, from an LDS perspective.
More specifically it is condemned unless specifically directed by God such as with Abraham.
Yeah, and several other Old Testament examples. My personal theory is that polygamy for a certain period of time allows for faster population growth, so if God is trying to establish a church that will stick around, polygamy happens. I dunno, I’m sure other theories fall along the lines of patriarchy abuse, which almost always happens with polygamy. I mean, the evils of polygamy are apparent even in the Old Testament. I’ve always felt immensely sorry for Leah.
"We have learned by sad experience that it is the nature and disposition of almost all men, as soon as they get a little authority, as they suppose, they will immediately begin to exercise unrighteous dominion." D&amp;C 121:39

So yeah even Joseph Smith is willing to admit that pretty much any power not only can but will be abused at some point. It's interesting then to consider the trade offs of leadership versus abuse and where you draw the line of sacrifice versus payoff. Tricky stuff, and not just in the religious world.
Pretty much. I think this is the difficulty in being a member of really any organized religion. When you start to see behind the curtain and understand that churches are run by people, and people are generally selfish and prone to evil.
The LDS church believes in the Holy Bible.  The rest of the canonized scripture is not referred to as a bible or a replacement to the bible.

This is the official list:

* King James Bible
* The Book of Mormon - considered "Another Witness of Jesus Christ" and a companion to the bible, just as u/JPWRana said.
* The Pearl of Great Price - a much smaller work that is more directly related to the bible (The Book of Moses expands on the early Old Testament books, etc).
* The Doctrine and Covenants - revelations LDS prophets (mostly Joseph Smith) claim to have received from God.

[Source](https://www.lds.org/scriptures?lang=eng)
I can’t imagine “obeying” my husband.. that’s such a foreign concept to me it’s like saying I’m suppose to swim to Jupiter or something. 

My husband and I are a team and equal in every way neither being above the other. I’ve never once felt I was some how “lesser” to him. 

Thank you for you AMA
Smith made a bunch of shit up and people treat it as gospel.
I can barely tolerate being nagged by one wife,  multiple wives sound like hell
The names of Leah's children and their meanings are a sad insight into how she felt about her relationship with Jacob. 

Genesis 29:32 ... She named him Reuben, for she said, it is because the Lord has seen my misery. Surely my husband will love me now. (Reuben sounds like 'he has seen my misery') 

V.33 Because the Lord heard that I am not loved, he gave me this one too. (So she named him Simeon, "one who hears")

V34 Now at last my husband will become attached to me, because I have borne him three sons. (So she named him Levi, "attached")
Yep. Problem is, even from a religious perspective, its understandable that people would perceive any "holy text" that way. Really the only thing setting the Bible apart is the sheer time period/number of authors, all of whom didn't contradict one another (within reason, of course, four accounts of the same story may have minor errors).
Even in Abraham's case, it was a no-no. He didn't think his wife would be able to bear child, so he slept with the maid (at Sarah's insistence/approval) and had a son. God didn't tell him to.
Same story with every religion. Someone makes shit up and convinces gullible people to believe it.
Polygamy in no way makes the population grow. In fact it does the opposite.
I can answer this question from a basic historical perspective. Monogamy is a specifically *Roman* cultural practice that predates Christianity not a Jewish one. At the time of Jesus polygamy was legal in Judaism. It wasn't until the early Middle Ages that polygamy was banned in Judaism. 

So whenever someone tries to use the New Testament to make an argument that it defines marriage as monogamous - it doesn't. Because it was written by Jews who lived in a time where polygamy was perfectly legal. It doesn't however specifically *allow* polygamy either - it says nothing about marriage arrangements. The reason groups like the FLDS permits polygamy isn't because the NT permits it - it's because the OT does and the NT doesn't contradict that.

tl;dr: The rule for monogamy in Christianity comes from pre-Christian Roman cultural practice not the NT and polygamy was legal in Judaism at the time of Jesus
I replied in more detail to the to the top level comment, but I thought I'd reply directly to you as well. In essence, monogamy is a Roman cultural practice not a Jewish one. At the time of Jesus polygamy was legal in Judaism because at a minimum it's allowed per the Torah. The New Testament itself says nothing about monogamy or polygamy.
There’s an initial population boom because of the large amount of children, and then the system becomes insupportable and population shrinks.
Just so you're aware, there is no Doctrine and Covenants section 168, unless you had a different Doctrine and Covenants than the actual LDS church. And the only reference to polygamy that I can think of off the top of my head in it is in the official declaration in which it was outlawed by the church. It's been a while since I've gone through it though.
What a terrible fate for her. I always thought that situation must have been so hard. Hard for Leah because she wants love and approbation, hard for Jacob because how do you make yourself love a woman when you just don’t? And hard for Rachel, knowing she’s the favorite, seeing her sister’s pain, and maybe feeling like her struggle with infertility would change Jacob’s mind about her. Just seems tense and miserable.
Dude get a divorce. Marriage rules when it's with the right person.
Sorry I should have revised my previous statement, there will be population growth but nowhere near what it could be if the women were in a monogomous relationship. 

Polygamy kills growth, all it did was give church leaders a lot of kids. When you have a surplus of men in early Utah days, the church would have killed itself if it wasnt forced to stop polygamy.
How is that different than the bible lol
What is considered the rest of the canonized scripture?
Do you know what happened to those biblical characters that had multiple wives? None of them had great or even decent marriages. Is there a lesson to be learned from that?
I dunno. Just saying what I found after I googled your question
The Book of Mormon doesn't even compliment Mormonism.
As they mentioned up above, the book of Mormon, doctrine and covenants, and the Pearl of great price are the only canonized scriptures, but they are not referred to as a Bible.
The 4 I listed are the full set of canonized scripture, and the Bible is usually listed first in official documents.
Thanks
Does each of the 4 have its own story as to how it became part of the fearsome foursome?
Why do you say that?
Abraham, who didn't have a 2nd wife but a 2nd lover for the reasons of extending his family lineage had issues with the women. He had to banish one of them.

David, who had many wives, never had a happy family. The kids created massive havoc on him.

Solomon, well as rich and smart as he was, was still able to be persuaded to leave the truth because of women.

Jacob, who had 2 wives but 4 women had his kids deceive him. They lied to him a out the death of one of his kids. There was child jealousy in that family.
Who said that the New Testament was written by Jews? At one point all early / first Christians were Jews. Heck, when they preached, all they had were Christ's teachings, and the OLD Testament scrolls. Of course those are going to be Jewish. Christ also at one point was Jewish.

The New Testament is the beginnings of Christianity. I can't read of a single EARLY CHRISTIAN (From the Bible) that had multiple wives.
LoL, never heard it called that, that's funny.

Joseph Smith believed in the bible before he had his first vision, and it remained as a staple of the religion, but came with a caveat, they believe that there are some bad translations and some parts that have been removed to fit other religion's dogmas, so later on in his life, Joseph Smith created an alternate translation to accompany the bible that puts the King James version more in line with LDS doctrine.

The Book of Mormon is third testament of Jesus Christ (old being the first, new being the second). It was found in a hillside, and was translated by Joseph Smith. It tells of a group of Israelites leaving Jerusalem and sailing to America. It also tells about Jesus coming to America after he resurrected.

The Doctrine and Covenants was a compilation of multiple revelations by Joseph Smith (and a few other later prophets at the end of the book). It tells of the commandments that Joseph was given for this church. The added things that the FLDS areas don't include cover topics such as: [the removal of polygamy](https://www.lds.org/scriptures/dc-testament/od/1?lang=eng), [addition of black people to receive the priesthood](https://www.lds.org/scriptures/dc-testament/od/2?lang=eng), and [a revelation about the afterlife](https://www.lds.org/scriptures/dc-testament/dc/138?lang=eng)

The final book is the pearl of great price. This contains some interesting entries. The first, the Book of Moses was found when Joseph was doing his translation of the old testament (mentioned above), it's rehash of the first few chapters of Genesis, with some additional information, including a foreward to the old testaments written by Moses.  The next book was The Book of Abraham, and this one was translated by Joseph from some papyrus found in Egypt. That one tells a more detailed story of Abraham than what is found in the old testament. It also includes some of the more controversial areas of LDS doctrine, including Kolob (the planet that is closest to god).
Respectfully, I'm not sure what you're getting at. What I've told you are historical facts. The scholarly consensus is that the early Christians were also simultaneously Jews. It's also a historical fact that (pagan) Roman society promoted strict monogamy, and that at the time of Jesus within Judaism polygamy was legal. Merely because you can't read from the Gospels that anyone had multiple wives doesn't mean it forbids it (it also doesn't say it supports it - it makes no comment).
Just to expand here, the Mormon church (the mainstream one I used to be a part of anyway) had as part of it's "Articles of Faith" that they believe the bible "as long as it was translated correctly" they use this clause to reconcile any differences between the bible and the Book of Mormon, with the Book of Mormon having the final say of course.

If you really want to go down the rabbit hole of doctrinal issues with the Book of Mormon, check out https://cesletter.org/CES-Letter.pdf
Depends on the book. Letters from paul are simply writings on how to be a good person and steps for making a brand new church. The old testament is harder to interpret. There is history mixed in with myth. But we know for a fact the book of mormon is just made up gibberish.
&gt; But we know for a fact the book of mormon is just made up gibberish.

All of it is made up gibberish.
"She constantly nags" isn't a valid reason to terminate till death do us part
Multiple sources makes everything seem more reliable
How do the various wives deal with their husband constantly laying down with other women? Living under the same roof while this occurs has to be borderline torturous, right?
Most of the women don't really know their husbands very well. Even so, there is so much jealousy in my cult. One of my half moms actually tried to run over a new wife with her van, who was marrying into our family. Most of the wives only live with another wife for the first 6 months to a year after they marry into the family. Most of the women have too many children to live together anyways.
[removed]
Now you're just projecting - many people don't have a problem with sharing their partners and choose to live that way. The major difference is that this freedom works both ways, and that you get to choose your partner(s).
I don’t see how they’re projecting at all. The entire point is we know the vast majority of those women are not consenting and are more of slaves, not happily engaging in consensual polygamy.
I’ve always been confused by this part of polygamy- do they really never have more than one wife in bed at a time? I don’t mean this as something salacious- it just blows my mind that there are groups where one spouse has MANY partners, and yet is super restrictive about anything else having to do with sex. Especially when  horrible, non consensual acts are often committed, why is it so out of left field to have a threesome?
What do you think of The Brown's? The wives do seem to genuinely love their husband Kody, and have a normal marriage in terms of communication, respect, humour, fun and love.
&gt; constantly laying down with other women?


Found Norm MacDonald
power (structure), probably
I would say that the consensual side of things would be more related to polyamory than true polygamy in today’s world
They still think sex is dirty and are much more repressed than other religions. Sex being fun would mean women having more control and enjoying it too much. How they square that with the rampant sexual abuse of young girls IDK. But all those quiverfull groups are like that, even the Amish. If a girl is raped, it's her fault for tempting the men.
What happens to a woman who is infertile?  I have to think that if your only purpose in life is making babies, if you can’t do that... there will be big problems.  I’d guess the marriage is "annulled" and the woman is taken out back and "put down".  Am i close?
Who are they? Would you mind please giving more context?
Polyamory involves both men and women having multiple partners though. My dad has been in the polyamory scene for as long as I can remember, and they always told us that if the women aren't as free in the relationship as the men, it's polygamy.
I know more than one man who had threesomes with their wives. It happens, but it's not talked about so much
They are the TV show Sister Wives on TLC.  I don't know how to copy a link on here, but Google them. Fascinating dynamics.
Yeah your right, the more i thought about it I would have to agree with you on that. All parties must be equally free.
Pretty sure you're the one projecting there sonny Jim.
Harvard professor Laurel Thatcher Ulrich wrote a great book on the history of the practice of polygamy by the mainline church and its impact on things like women's rights. It is called [A House Full of Females](https://www.amazon.com/House-Full-Females-Mormonism-1835-1870/dp/0307594904) and would help you see it form the perspective of women living in polygamous homes in the 1800s.
Different group too if I remember correctly.
How common is genetic mutation and incest within the cult? Was there not ever talk amongst you and your siblings/family about the risks of breeding with potential family members? 

I'm so glad you got out. It must be hard knowing some of your siblings aren't strong enough or willing to break free.
At this point in the group, most marriages are incest. They are in their third generation of incest and it has caused a lot of down syndrome and other very rare genetic disorders. My full sister just lost her baby at 6 weeks to Williams syndrome. The incest was a huge reason why I left in the first place.
That must've been very scary for you. Knowing what you were a part of and having to take that risk to get away.

 Not to sound rude, but despite potential incest within your bloodline, you're very pretty and certainly don't look like you suffer from any defects. 

Such an insensitive thing for me to say or assume, but it was on my mind.
I'm only 2nd generation incest and my parents were not closely related. They are now practicing third generation incest. It's a fair question, lol. I didn't find it rude at all
Some people definitely did. Thanks for answering. :)
What happens to the children that have genetic conditions? Are they adopted out?
They don't look after the children who don't have genetic defects, I can't even imagine what happens to the ones that have physical and learning disabilities.
Most of them are aborted before birth. Some are put into facilities, and their parents may or may not visit them, depending on the parent
Thank you for your response. I wish you a life full of love and happiness for you and your children!
thank you
How do they approach the topic of abortion? It’s such a hot button issue for nearly any religious group, so it surprises me that they regularly do it.
Incest doesn't increase the likelihood of down syndrome.
I’m super curious too!
How about the prevalence of STDs/STIs? 
Was that ever a thing especially due to the rampant abuse? Or did people not know or hear anything about them?

If there were STDs/STIs, were they easy to treat? Thanks in advance OP!
There were not many cases of STDs. Sex stayed within the families. I know of only one outbreak in a family of about 6 people
I don't think Down Syndrome is related to incest. It's usually a mutation.
Studies show that incest produces more chances of down syndrome, and I have personally seen it in my cult. If you have more information, I would love to read it
I just did a quick google search to be honest. My fiance's brother has down syndrome, so I'd looked into it a bit before.
I could be wrong too. That was just my understanding
Interestingly though, things like the parents being older are correlated.
Just so you're aware, it's super unlikely that Williams Syndrome is caused by incest. Any defect is more likely with incest, but as far as I know 99.9% of the time WS is random.
Should I clarify? With the exception of cases of translocation (like 1% of DS cases) it's not heritable. It's a chromosomal mutation caused by random duplication

Summary:
Mormonism is founded on polygamy.
I would say the same to you.
There once was a time when polygamy was practiced by the church.
I just looked it up.
&gt; Mormonism is founded on polygamy.
Neither am I, and neither are you.
I would assume that you would know way more about that than I would.
The Doctrine Covenants is the book that talks about polygamy.
It has nothing to do with the bible.
Polygamy was part of the beginning.
It talks about polygamy

&amp;#x200B;
The LDS church believes in the Holy Bible.
The New Testament itself says nothing about monogamy or polygamy.
Its original founder practiced polygamy.
I assume this is one of the independent groups.
Doctrine Covenants is an LDS doctrine.
I just want to put that out there first.
The thing that is interesting about the early Mormons is that it wasn't only Joseph Smith, but other church "elders" got to also practice polygamy.
Allow me to clarify: polygamy didn't enter into the church at its founding.
So you know anything about Smith?
I know more than one man who had threesomes with their wives.
The splinter groups that formed from the point of Joseph Smith's death were about who would lead the church, not polygamy.
But we know for a fact the book of mormon is just made up gibberish.
Again, the founding of the church had nothing to do with polygamy.
He didn't start the polygamy for years.
&gt; But we know for a fact the book of mormon is just made up gibberish.
The New Testament is the beginnings of Christianity.
But what difference does that make, right?
I could be wrong too.
Go read up on some facts and get back to me.
I know of only one outbreak in a family of about 6 people.
This is not a Christian book.
Most of the women don't really know their husbands very well.
It does when you look at the church as a whole.
I'm aware, but that doesn't actually mean anything.
You should go back and study up on Joseph smith.
How is that different than the bible lol.
&gt; I'm aware, but that doesn't actually mean anything.
I was curious so I looked it up.
What part of The Book of Mormon that makes you think it was written by "a horny guy"?
I mean, the evils of polygamy are apparent even in the Old Testament.
I don't know the exact number and I don't think he knows either.
Mormonism has polygamy specifically written in to its original scriptures.
How many siblings do you have, again?
It happens, but it's not talked about so much.
The founder, who died at a young age, practiced polygamy.
It was found in a hillside, and was translated by Joseph Smith.
https://www.lds.org/scriptures/bofm/jacob/2.30

How familiar are you with the way that Joseph Smith was practicing polygamy?
Christ also at one point was Jewish.
It tells of the commandments that Joseph was given for this church.
You do realize that polygamy wasn't a thing until *long* after the church was started, right?
I didnt realize there were more offshoots.
Abraham had children with more than one woman.
It means a lot actually, in this context.
