Original Response:
[deleted]
Screamin eagle pistons, cams, valve springs, and valves, rockers. Running the original Mikuni carb with 170 main jet 40 on the pilot if i have that correct. screamin eagle ignition system. Vance and hines exhaust with no baffles just straights. Engine is the evolution 1340. Kuraykyn Hypercharger. Upgraded oil cooler. Was running H2 ignition but was causing timing to be off but we just got that straightined out so everything is good now
Seriously, all that for 85 horsepower
Ride a cruiser with that level of torque and tell me its not fast
How much torque? And what does she weigh?

The weight is the big thing keeping me from the Harley’s, big power means very little when you’ve got big weight to push!!

My 160kg triumph pre unit pushing 50hp would leave most Harley’s in the dust around a track, though it doesn’t look as cool as a well sorted shovel head.

Anything past the shovel is just not for me though.
I'm oblivious to most of the brands there &amp; also to Harley... well anything really, but why does it sound like it's realy struggling to idle? Was that before the timing got fixed? I've noticed Harleys like this before &amp; never really sure if they're meant to be like that or they're needing attention. Excuse my ignorance.
ok, it wasn't. Now what?
if this sub gives you too much grief, try r/Harley.  :)
That's just the Harley sound. The connecting rods share a crank journal so on a 45 degree engine the timing would be 315 and 405 degrees. Gives it that irregular galloping idle. Adding a cam and reducing the idle speed makes it more pronounced.
I've ridden a tricked out Harley, my 600rr smokes it but the Harley was fast.
My FZ1 smokes my brothers cruiser but they are by no means slow
My old R1 smoked my mates FZ1, both were slow compared to my S1K.
So it's by design. Thanks.
Okay?
Just joining in on the dick swinging.

Summary:
Was that before the timing got fixed?
My FZ1 smokes my brothers cruiser but they are by no means slow.
That's just the Harley sound.
