Original Response:
So I'm  in the market for a mid-range to high end turntable.  I came upon  Tom's ad here without any price information.  Pricing info on this table  didn't come up in a basic search, they seem to be a pretty obscure  brand but look well built, I made an offer around the upper limit of my  budget (would have been willing to go higher).  Ol' Tom here didn't give  me the chance...

The Ad:

"  Original box and everything that came with it new. All original, Mint   Cond. Low hours on it . Spare new belt . FT 3 tone arm ,grado cartridge   ,Best offer due to its age .One, in person, cash offer considered . Red   Deer I have the Mit cables too. This is the Series 3 table and it hast   the vaccuum platter and comes with the air vaccum pump and the power   supply . Also for sale is the Sota reflex clamp. If you do not know   anything about Sota tables, do not reply . I have the original boxes and   everything that came in the box new. . XXXXX area Serious   knowlegible buyers only . No dreamers, tire kickers, space cadets or   Walmart Willies . "
Lol that last line really makes it. But also that's so odd that he immediately assumes you're a "walmart willie" by asking.
Holy shit dude he roasted you dry.
Yeah the assumption of class of what makes it so crazy
[removed]
I'm sorry, but who do you think you are? This has nothing to do with roasting and is nothing more than making bland assumptions about his class and income. Clearly you didn't enjoy any education to see the difference. That's ok though. We can't all be smart and educated and need people like you to keep our toilets clean and pick up our thrash. I just pity you for not having a great life like me.   


You see? Can't roast somebody if you know absolutely nothing about them. Posts like this only make the poster sound like a pretentious, cringy and insecure little prick. ;)
Lol ^^^
[removed]
Looks like he gave you fair warning though. He acted like an insufferable dick to be sure, but you might have avoided it by following the ad.
Also he has no fucking idea who you are.. you could very well be wealthier than him or much more invested in nice equipment than him lol. Not to mention if you wanted a "Walmart" turntable you could find cheap ones for half your asking price haha
[deleted]
Lol ^
[removed]
Where did he spend his years in education at? Cause it sure wasn't grammar school
He strait up said knowledgeable buyers only. You obviously weren't knowledgeable...

Summary:
The Ad:

"  Original box and everything that came with it new.
I have the original boxes and   everything that came in the box new.
I came upon  Tom's ad here without any price information.
I just pity you for not having a great life like me.
