Original Response:
[removed]
\&gt;  she said I call her fat on a regular basis, when really that’s only happened a handful of times and there’s almost always been other context behind it 

You should never call her fat, ever.

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;  about some actions I have done that out of context seem abusive, when she and I both know there are very good reasons why I act that way. 

Like what?  What kind of actions and what "context" makes them ok?

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt;   I criticize her when she does chores - because she doesn’t know how to do chores properly and I’m trying to teach her. 

You are not her parent.  It's not your job to teach her how to do chores.  If she gets the chore done in a relatively timely manner and relatively ok, then you don't get to say anything.  Your way is not inherently the right way.
She doesn’t. She sucks at chores. She will admit this herself. It sometimes takes her days to do a sink full of dishes, and when she vacuums she misses spots. Those are just two examples.
Then how about you wash the damn dishes, since you're so much better at it?
Because when adults are in a relationship they should do equal shares of the housework.
Key word: adults.  Yet OP is treating her like a child.
I do wash the dishes. I work a very stressful job, so occasionally, I ask her to help me.
I'm not the OP. I didn't read his girlfriend's post but if she really isnt doing dishes for days at a time it's fair for him to get annoyed with her. You're allowed to be critical of your partner if you do it in a respectful way.
But equal shares don't mean that everything is divided 50/50.  My SO hates doing laundry, so I do it.  I hate sweeping and moping more than him, so he does that.  It's called compromise.
Thank you. I’m not mean to her. I try to point things out as gently as possible. Sometimes I do get irritated because I want to not be the only person who cleans.
OP said she doesn't know the basics of housekeeping because she didnt do it growing up. It sounds like she isnt doing anything, that isnt compromise.
Yeah, any other post and theyd be trashing the girlfriend because she doesn’t do the dishes when their SO works a high stress job. I imagine if he wrote this post without admitting that his SO posted here, everyone would be ripping her to shreds.
When two adults are in a relationship they should *communicate* and work *together*. Not criticize the other for not "cleaning to his standards".

If OP was a less controlling better partner he'd sit her down and discuss how they could work together, like maybe he does the vacuuming and she wipes down counters. Not fucking saying she sucks and then outline to people in what ways she sucks at cleaning.
Sorry. I misread. Edited accordingly. If you think it's acceptable to lash out at your adult partner for not doing the dishes to your personal standard, we must agree to disagree. A more reasonable solution would be to divide chores. Do the dishes yourself and let her so something she's better at or enjoys more.
Well, there it is. *Respectful.* 

“She sucks at chores.” “I criticize her when she does chores...to teach her.”

That ain’t respect.
And he can well do the damn dishes instead of waiting on her to do it.
"I try to point out things as gently as possible."

"She sucks at chores."
[removed]
&gt; We’ve talked about how I’m too critical before, and I am trying, but at a certain point I feel like in order to not criticize I have to just lie to her and pretend I’m okay with things. She suggested it might feel better if I compliment her too so I’ve been working on doing that more, and on not being critical without reason. 

These are not the words of a well-adjusted supportive SO who's *constructive* criticisms are being met with petulance.
[removed]
[removed]
I’m not wording it like that to her.
"hey, can you clean so I can swoop in later and tell you everything you did wrong?"

Even if you're not trying to be a jerk, constant criticism sucks. It wears you down to nothing. Break up with her if she's not up to your standards and let her find someone that won't criticize literally everything about her.
I'm not really willing to believe that.  He came here with a clear agenda....to character assassinate her.  He is an unreliable narrator by the very nature and motivation of his post.  I'm sure she embellished things, but I don't doubt for a second that he's upping the ante here.
Trust me, she’s hearing that undertone of disdain loud and clear. Maybe you need to reread her post again and really think about *how* the way you’re handling things is affecting her, whether you think it should or not.
[removed]
then why is she on reddit posting about it?
So?  Does she ask you to "teach" her?  And what about the RESt of my questions?
The problem is I’m better at all the chores. She’s good at a lot of things, I’m not trying to denigrate her, but she isn’t good at chores and that’s a fact.
Thank you.
You don't have to. "Teaching" someone how to do a chore because they don't do them to your standard makes it pretty clear that's where your mind is. You don't have to say it verbatim (you still said it here, dude), it's clear that's what you mean.

What do you say when she misses a spot vacuuming? "Hey honey, you missed a spot under the coffee table there." Or do you make it a spectacle, patronize her, insult her and put her down? Because here it seems like the latter, you even bring irrelevant family history with her mother into this to highlight how incapable you seem to think she is.
[removed]
[deleted]
I usually say something like “you missed a lot of spots, I’ll just do it”. Then she gets upset because she wants to fix it herself, then I show her for the millionth time how to vacuum and not miss any spots.

Summary:
I do wash the dishes.
I’m not wording it like that to her.
It's not your job to teach her how to do chores.
I try to point things out as gently as possible.
"I try to point out things as gently as possible."
I’m not mean to her.
Not criticize the other for not "cleaning to his standards".
What do you say when she misses a spot vacuuming?
