Original Response:
I don’t mean that in an “I don’t understand the context” way. I mean it in a why did God feel a need to put Job through what he did? Why did he feel like he needed to prove a point to the devil? Why did he allow Satan take one of his most devout followers, kill his family, take everything he’d ever worked for, and destroy it in the name of proving a point to Satan? I feel conflicted on this and the people that I’ve asked haven’t exactly given me an answer that makes much sense other than “he just did”. As an all knowing God he would have known exactly what the outcome would be. 

I hope I’m coming across logically and not sounding redundant, I don’t like questioning these things because it makes me feel pretty weird inside.
Luckily, Job isn't really meant to be read literally (cue the rustled jimmies)... It's a really interesting book which is composed of an older prose piece that surrounds a later piece of poetry. It explores the problem of evil, but never really gives an answer to the problem.

One thing though is that it does a great job addressing how we deal with people who are suffering. My seminary professor pointed out that in Job we have two main responses to Job's suffering. We have Job's wife who says "curse God and die" and we have Job's friends who spent most of the time telling Job that he must have done something wrong and that he deserved what he experienced. My professor pointed out that Job's wife spoke out of love and wanting Job's suffering to end. She abandons her theology to defend Job. And her words can sound harsh, but if we place them in context and we think about how we might feel watching a loved one slowly suffering pain we couldn't imagine, the compassion in the statement becomes clear.

Job's friends, on the other hand, defend their theology and in doing so abandon Job. They can't imagine their theological worldview being incorrect, so they throw Job under the bus in order to defend God.

What's interesting is at the end of the Book it is Job's friends, not Job's wife that God condemns. Job ends up having to intervene on behalf of his friends to save them from God's anger. There's a powerful lesson in there about how we treat people who are suffering.
This is a really cool point - I've never thought about where Job's wife's response comes from.  It definitely did come from a place of love for Job, not a hatred for God.
This is the best way I’ve ever heard it explained. That makes a lot more sense than taking it literally that “oh god let this happen because he wanted to prove a point” my mind is blown. Thank you.
The Book of Job actually is really fascinating when you get into it. For instance one of my assignments for my intro Hebrew class was translating the prose frame of the book. It was really interesting because for the first time I noticed that in the beginning Job is constantly offering sacrifices to the point where he offers sacrifices just in case his children crossed a line when they had a banquet. Job is quite literally defined by offering sacrifices. But when you get to the end of the book Job is a changed man. He prays for his friends after God tells him to because God is so angry with how they represented God. Then after that, there is no mention of him offering sacrifices at all, So the very thing that was so closely tied to his identity no longer seems present after his ordeal.

The book has a lot to offer, you just have to unhitch all the baggage that's been attached to it throughout history and really dig in to see just how good it actually is.
This reeks of eisegesis.

The context is clear that his wife was not speaking from love:

&gt;Then his wife said to him, “Do you still hold fast to your integrity? Curse God and die!” But he said to her, “You speak as one of the foolish women speaks. Shall we indeed accept good from God, and shall we not accept adversity?” In all this Job did not sin with his lips.

That's why Job rebukes her. She wrongly attributed Job's piety to loving his own integrity (which it wasn't) then she told him to die, which may mean to kill himself, calling him to blaspheme then self murder. She needed to be rebuked.
&gt;She wrongly attributed Job's piety to loving his own integrity (which it wasn't) then she told him to die, which may mean to kill himself, calling him to blaspheme then self murder. She needed to be rebuked.

There are some problems with what you said here... but the primary one is that you seem to have completely missed the point that was being made. She wants his suffering to end, like anyone watching a loved one suffer greatly, she wanted her husband's pain to cease. That's the point...
&gt; She wants his suffering to end

Hense, eisegesis. I guess Job missed her great intentions for his suffering to end, because he never mentioned it. He didn't say, "thanks babe, I know you mean well, but God will get me through this. Life is still better than death." He called her a fool.

What seminary did you attend btw?
&gt;Then after that, there is no mention of him offering sacrifices at all

God commanded his friends to bring the sacrifice. It makes sense considering God condemned Job's friends for what they said, but not Job. At this point Job still had nothing to sacrifice.
The issue here is that you haven't actually addressed the motive behind what she said... just Job's response. Which doesn't actually give us insight into her motivation.

&gt;What seminary did you attend btw?

Yeah, I'm not giving personal info out. I will say my intro to Hebrew Bible professor did his dissertation on Job. He was also one of the most conservative professors on campus, so I'm willing to bet that even most conservative scholars would have 0 qualms with his interpretation.
you realize that my point is that even after everything is restored, Job who is defined by his piety and offering of sacrifices is not recorded as offering any sacrifices. That's a pretty jarring transition.
&gt; She was spared to him, when the rest of his comforts were taken away, for this purpose, to be a troubler and tempter to him. If Satan leaves any thing that he has permission to take away, it is with a design of mischief. It is his policy to send his temptations by the hand of those that are dear to us, as he tempted Adam by Eve and Christ by Peter. --Matthew Henry's Commentary 1706

and to take us back a bit farther in time:

&gt;Therefore in the third place, that which I conceive and agree with others in for the true reason why she was spared, is this. That she might be a further instrument of her husbands affliction. Satan meant to make use of her for his owne purpose, to drive on the main design; and whereas she should have been a help to her husband, Satan employes her against her husband; this was his aime, and therefore she was spared. Hence one of the Ancients cals her the strangest and fittest weapon, with which Satan did assault, the choicest Arrow in his Quiver, by which he wounded the soul and spirit of Job. She that should have had her hands busied in the washing, suppling, curing, and healing of his wounds, smites him with her tongue, a piercing and poyson'd instrument. The rib was not smitten, that it might smite the head. Another compares her to a Ladder, by which Satan hoped to scale this impregnable tower, that death might creep in at the window of his cares, by hearing and consenting to her sinfull perswasions. --Joseph Caryl 1666

Caryl goes on at length of the opinion you hold (held by Beza) but argues against it. I think Caryl has the better take on it. Job's wife was not concerned with her husband's suffering and her words were primarily a temptation. 

Maybe one day I'll read Caryl's 12 volume commentary on Job. /yikes
I'm not sure why you're going backwards in scholarship, rather than using more modern scholars. Things don't become more correct the further in the past you go.
Great answer. I'd even go further and say that the point of the book is to not give an answer to Job. God's motives are, at times, incomprehensible to limited humans.
God's Word doesn't change. Most of Church history makes forward progress by turning away new heresies. We have a concrete doctrine of the Trinity, not because that doctrine isn't in the Word of God to begin with, but because new heresies kept creeping up and Christians had to band together to put down the heresies on paper, solidifying orthodoxy. Modern scholars are also tasked with finding the "new" doctrine, or point of view in order to stand out or publish which inevitably leads to heresy.
You're right that God's Word doesn't change, but that doesn't mean that our understanding of it doesn't. The Word is understood in community through time, and as our understanding of the cultural context and literary context of the Word develops and grows, so does our understanding.

Growth doesn't just develop through refuting heresy. We shouldn't look to the development of Trinitarian doctrine as a model for all future doctrine; the first 5 centuries of the Church was a unique time. Trinitarian theology has continued to develop since that time, and not solely through refutations. Moreover, developing systematic theology is a very different process to exegeting Scripture.

And characterising modern biblical scholarship as the task of finding new doctrine is not correct. That's not the task of a biblical scholar.

Finally, even if what you say is true, shouldn't you be looking for a commentary on Job MUCH earlier than the 17th century? You should be referencing commentary by John Chrysostom or Augustine.
I could look lots of additional places for commentary. I think the latter I posted, if you read it at length is extremely thorough in talking about comments that came before it, looking at the language, culture, etc. No matter how much I quote, someone like you can always say, "why didn't you include this". So I don't see the point in having to defend myself. I think Caryl's arguments are sound. That doesn't mean you have to agree, and it doesn't mean I won't read other's writings. Read it for yourself if you don't think its view isn't an adequate exegesis.

Your original comment would make it seem that old scholars have nothing to add to the discussion. I would disagree.
My argument wasn't "you should have quoted this instead", but that if it's true that modern scholarship inevitably leads to heresy, you should quote commentaries that are much earlier than the ones that you did.

If, however, you're basing the value of the commentary you quoted not on its age but on its merit in being historically and culturally aware, it is more beneficial to quote a more modern scholar. Discussion regarding Job has continued since Caryl, and our understanding of the language and culture has also developed.

I'm not saying that old scholars have nothing to add to the discussion. That being said, their value diminishes over time as the discussion develops.
Forgot about this comment.

I'll put it this way, Job's wife's words are highly ambiguous especially since we can't say for sure whether the authors intended for her to say "bless God and die" or "curse God and die." (Every time you see the word "curse" the Hebrew actually says bless in the prose section of Job at least. The thinking is that the authors were too pious to even say "curse" in a way that might be misconstrued)

Furthermore, when you get into the history of interpretation (which is very rich when it comes to Job) Job's wife is portrayed in a variety of complex lights. For instance, in the testament of Job, she is portrayed as both being a bit vain, but also sacrificing everything and working hard to support Job. Augustine was really the first one to start popularizing the whole "Job's wife was an agent of the devil" view. But this has never been the only view, or even necessarily the general consensus view on Job's wife.

For instance, Louis Ginsberg points out that Job's wife seems to be saying something along the lines of "die with your integrity intact before your suffering causes you to lose your integrity."

My Hebrew Bible professor developed his argument (though it may have been his professor, He went to Princeton not terribly long ago, so I'm sure if you wanted to see if it originated with one of his professors you could see who taught Hebrew Bible at Princeton in the last 25-20 years and see if one of them makes this argument) because he views Job's wife as a foil for Job's friends, and the fact that Job rebukes his wife, whereas God rebukes Job's friends, also plays into that foil.
Yeah. Caryl covers those arguments, including the Jewish legend that Job's wife is Dinah (interesting). I'm from a tradition of presenting multiple possibilities, and then picking one and running with with. I pick that Job's wife was tempting him, which given her circumstances, I totally understand. Who could go through what they went through and maintain integrity? Not many. But I understand the other points of view.

Summary:
That's why Job rebukes her.
I mean it in a why did God feel a need to put Job through what he did?
But I understand the other points of view.
She abandons her theology to defend Job.
I'd even go further and say that the point of the book is to not give an answer to Job.
I think Caryl's arguments are sound.
The Book of Job actually is really fascinating when you get into it.
I think Caryl has the better take on it.
So I don't see the point in having to defend myself.
At this point Job still had nothing to sacrifice.
She needed to be rebuked.
I will say my intro to Hebrew Bible professor did his dissertation on Job.
