Original Response:
Can someone explain to me how the flyers traded away bob? Hextall was the last ‘good’ goalie in philly.. how do you miss on so many goalies
Let me tell you a story about a man named Carter Hart...
It's called you spend a bunch of money on Bryzgalov
&gt; Can someone explain to me how the flyers traded away bob?

They did not evaluate him properly.

Ian Clark and Jarmo Kekalainen did.
angry owner + the salary cap, that's how
[deleted]
[Every Flyers fan when they talk about Carter Hart](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yk7IDVzLiQo)
Paul Holmgren
Lavi mismanaged the goal tending situation between Bob, Leighton and Boosh down the stretch and through the playoffs, refusing to put his trust in Bob. After they got bounced in the finals the owner essentially demands they get the best FA goalie out there so Leighton is dropped, Bryz is added for a ton of money eventually meaning Bob has no future with the team and thus gets traded away. Bryz fails, Leighton sucks and Boosh is old. Tada, standard Flyers Goalie Issue.
Their goaltending issues began well before Bryzgalov and continue now, what, 5 years removed from him?
LMAO we wish. He is still getting paid even now.
Yeah but like...all their other goalies on the ice since Bryz have also been bad, was my point.
Lots and lots of injury problems.
It's more than that, though. Look at the stats. When they've been on the ice they have still been below average. I get that you have an axe to grind with Bryz but it doesn't change the fact that the Flyers have done nothing but miss on goalies for 20 years.
Have you looked at our defense over the last several seasons?
Every Flyers fan I know points to their talented young defensive core as the best thing going for the team right now. Based on your statement, maybe the future is looking pretty grim. Also, their D was not exactly elite when Bryz was there, either...but I guess we can conveniently ignore that.
Exactly a young inexperienced defensive core.
Ok man, you win. I give up. Bryz is the only bad goalie the Flyers have had in the last 20 years. Hope that helps you sleep better tonight.
Who the fuck is saying anything like that LMFAO our goalies have been trash almost forever.
Jeff Reese really failed him.
Mason was pretty decent actually. Neuvy was also great a few years back, but he’s literally never healthy anymore.
Fair statement-- although Reese also failed you guys too.

Honestly, I don't think Reese had any idea how to evaluate a goalie like Bobrovsky. Imagine if he'd been asked to do a report on, say, Hasek.
I don't like Reese at all. IMO his only real success came with Khabibulin, who was already very good before he came to Reese in Tampa.

Beyond that, it seems like the only goalies he could ever work with were goalies who were big that he could get to sit back in their net and wait for the puck to come to them. A goalie like Bobrovsky who's naturally aggressive and needs to make himself larger by attacking the puck a bit and moving more was completely outside of Reese's expertise.
Yeah, Reese seems like more of a 'goalie whisperer' than someone who can actually teach the position.

If you've got a goalie like Khabi who is already excellent and plays a very straightforward game, someone like Reese can pump their tires, hold their hand when needed, motivate, cajole, etc.

The funny part is that Ian Clark has always struggled with that side of things; he's an absolutely superb technical coach, but his idea of goalie therapy is a 6-hour video session, not a round of golf and a bunch of questions in the clubhouse about how your kids are doing.
Agreed entirely. Reese was precisely what Mason, for example, needed. His style happened to mesh with Mason’s game, and Mase really needed a friend goalie coach who could build him up emotionally and keep him there so he wouldn’t get in his head and fall apart. 

That’s just not Clark’s style. He’s going to make you work on your game to be the best it can for the type of goalie you are, he’s going to demand that you put the work in, and he’s not really interested in any coddling. Which works incredibly well with a goalie like Bob, who is one of the hardest working goalies the Flyers have had in my life time and seems to have an all business kind of attitude about the game.

Summary:
I don't like Reese at all.
Bryz is the only bad goalie the Flyers have had in the last 20 years.
Can someone explain to me how the flyers traded away bob?
Honestly, I don't think Reese had any idea how to evaluate a goalie like Bobrovsky.
&gt; Can someone explain to me how the flyers traded away bob?
