Original Response:
So I'm posting a story that actually happened to a close friend today but really hit home for me. We were at a local beer and ale festival and she went to the bar to order a drink for herself and her bf, whilst at the bar she was subject to some suggestive comments by the bar man that then led to two other men at the bar joining in saying how hot she was and that she should be careful,  this friend suffers from anxiety issues and returned to us extremely upset and shaken by the comments of these three men.

A close male friend was at the bar at the same time and simply wrote the situation off as banter implying that my friend was over reacting and that's when it hit me. I am a 31 year old woman that has spent many of my 20s working in bars and have been groped on I don't know how many occasions (when glass collecting) and been spoken to like shit for many many years, being referred to as sugar tits or sweet cheeks rather than as a human and throughout the years every time this was challenged the guys involved would right it off as banter, this is not banter this is harassment. 

Sorry to ramble but this incident really hit home how women are expected to put up with these comments and right them.off.as banter yet they make us feel like pieces. Of shit yet if we challenge this behavior we are seen as being difficult. I am not here to be ogled or for your entertainment I am a human fucking being so treat me with the respect you would anyone else.
&gt; Sorry to ramble but this incident really hit home how women are expected to put up with these comments and right them.off.as banter yet they make us feel like pieces. Of shit

On one hand, it's very understandable. On the other, if men are responsible for how the things you say make you *feel*, are women responsible for how the things women say make men *feel*? I mean, some of them mean no disrespect when they make the compliments, so when the woman challenges it, they might *feel* she's overreacting.

Edit: A better example is the men who "feel" you were leading them on, etc.
Dude, what?
A girl is being friendly with a guy, a guy takes it as flirting and escalates, the girl gets offended, the guy gets angry, "Why were you leading me on then?"
Yeah, why is he confusing friendly and flirting? That’s some bad social awareness.

Says the guy who did the same thing when he was 16 but grew out of it with adulthood.
&gt; Yeah, why is he confusing friendly and flirting? That’s some bad social awareness.

The point is, is the woman responsible for how she makes him feel? Should it be on her not to act friendly, in the same way it's being argued men shouldn't engage in "banter"?
No, it’s on the guy for jumping to conclusions based on no decent evidence.
[removed]
Multiple guys said she was hot, and *she should be careful*.

That's a threat, not a joke.  Threats are *meant* to scare you.
Well, more like a warning - because it's about others, not about the guys who said it. And a warning like that still can be meant as a joke. Though, of course, I understand that the woman won't necessarily find it funny - because the threat is more real to her. 

And if that was the OP's main message, I'd totally agree. But she seemed to imply that sexuality is inherently disrespectful, and the man's intent doesn't matter.
That makes no sense to me. A threat uttered in a joking manner is a message.  If that upsets a woman, the men can see that.  So, either they don't care that it upsets her, or that's what they like.  If they claim cluelessness, that's an excuse.
&gt; That makes no sense to me. A threat uttered in a joking manner is a message.

The point was, "You should be careful around me" is a threat. "You should be careful around other guys" is a warning. 

&gt; If that upsets a woman, the men can see that.

Not necessarily. The woman doesn't necessarily let it show, and the men aren't necessarily good at reading emotions. And maybe they're callous - wouldn't surprise me if they find prison rape jokes acceptable.
&gt;&gt;That makes no sense to me. A threat uttered in a joking manner is a message.

&gt;The point was, "You should be careful around me" is a threat. "You should be careful around other guys" is a warning. 


And neither one is really a joke. Who makes a joke about a warning of imminent danger? 

Haha, be careful because there are violent gang members outside the door. Haha? 

NFW.
&gt; And neither one is really a joke. Who makes a joke about a warning of imminent danger? 

Someone who doesn't think it's imminent. It's possible that some men underestimate the frequency of sexual harrassment and assault.
&gt;Someone who doesn't think it's imminent. It's possible that some men underestimate the frequency of sexual harrassment and assault.

Riiiight. Here's a warning of a thing that I don't think will happen, but I think if it does happen it's funny.

Disgusting.

Summary:
On the other, if men are responsible for how the things you say make you *feel*, are women responsible for how the things women say make men *feel*?
That's a threat, not a joke.
"You should be careful around other guys" is a warning.
That makes no sense to me.
&gt; That makes no sense to me.
A threat uttered in a joking manner is a message.
