Original Response:
I've been depressed ever since high school along with heaps of anxiety inherited from mom. In college I'd be perpetually fatigued but I just chalked it up to being so busy. Then I graduated and I. Kept. Sleeping. 12 hours, 15 hours, I'd sleep and sleep and sleep. I brushed it off though because I figured I had a sleep debt to repay.

Then I began to finally tackle the 10 pounds I gained in college. And as I counted my calories I noticed something odd. To lose weight I had to eat 1,000 calories a day or less. This is with daily moderate exercise. My weight is maintained with the same exercise on 1,300 calories max. No more. I am 5'7" but I chalked it up to being Chinese and thus having a smaller frame. 

Then after a month of traveling in China I got back and my sleep deteriorated entirely and my depression kicked up to the point where I'd be crying miserably while feeling so fatigued I couldn't move. I felt even fogger than I did in college, as if I'm moving through mud. I made more typos while working, things slipped my mind, I just became a mess. Finally my mom and husband pushed me to seek out therapy.

My therapist immediately said I need to get bloodwork done for vitamin D and thyroid testing. And one of my college friends who was recently diagnosed with severe hypothyroidism later told me she wants me to be tested. She had a bad feeling in her gut that I might be suffering from the same condition.

So when I met my new doctor (I just aged out of my pediatric doctor) I told her everything and she listened. She felt my thyroid and said she thinks it is normal. But she submitted to the lab tests for vitamin D, a basic thyroid panel , other basic panels, and even anemia.

My results came back 24 hours later. My TSH levels were extremely high. The lab called me and said I need to go back ASAP for further testing. I was also severely deficient in vitamin D and my doctor already prescribed me supplements.

I just got my blood drawn again today. I already feel like a huge weight is off of me. Being so fatigued just makes my depression worse because then I get nothing done and I feel like a waste of a person. But hearing that there might be a physical problem makes me feel so relieved. And my doctor will help me fix it. Right now I'm laying in bed because my cat fell asleep on my chest and I just wanted to share a victory story with you all.

EDIT: ahhhhhhh thank you all for the support! And thank you kind stranger for the gold!
I don't know what kind of doctor you are are referring to.  My experience was that my thyroid issue was not found and corrected until  I went to an endocrinologist.
I was symptomatic for twenty years but my TSH was within the normal range. I was seeing an endocrinologist for 15 of those years, with all of the symptoms being blamed on fibromyalgia and insulin resistance. Finally my mother was diagnosed with underactive thyroid, and my TSH was edging upwards, so he put me on synthroid. Interesting that the "insulin resistance" has disappeared since I started taking synthroid.
Any primary care doctor can order thyroid panels. Hell, even my psych has directly placed the order for them. If you are found to have an issue, after that you may be referred to an endocrinologist.
The point is that GPs don't KNOW when you have an issue.  
When I was ill my GP thought my thyroid test results were fine, but with the same test the endocrinologist detected a problem and prescribed levothroxine or whatever it is.  What huge difference that made to my health!
I've read that the panels that are typically run for thyroid don't always catch when you have a thyroid problem. There are different kinds of tests and most of the time only one type is run.
They can order the panels, but don't know what to do with the panels. If the lab says the tests are normal, the PCP won't refer you to anyone.
I am expecting a referral soon. My doctor ordered the lab tests after I requested them and Duke called me back the next day telling me I needed to go back ASAP for more testing. We will see what happens, I am just glad the mystery is beginning to be cleared up.
That is very true in my experience. I only ever had the TSH test, and even when that was on the high end, I was told I didn't have a thyroid problem. I wrote to my doctor, noting that when my TSH was higher, I felt ill. No response. Finally I got a giant goiter and was unable to breath properly. A different doctor ran Free T3 and Reverse T3. Sure enough, I needed medication.
[deleted]
Your PCP should be able to prescribe you synthryoid if there is a wait for the endocrinologist.  Side note, I’m 32 and was diagnosed with hasimotos/hypothyroidism 12 years ago.  Your dr will likely tell you this, but if you become pregnant your endocrinologist should be one of your first phone calls. Pregnancy can really mess with your levels and can negatively effect the baby if not managed properly. My medication increased significantly during pregnancy but went back to my “regular” dose right afterwards.

Summary:
I don't know what kind of doctor you are are referring to.
The lab called me and said I need to go back ASAP for further testing.
I already feel like a huge weight is off of me.
My experience was that my thyroid issue was not found and corrected until  I went to an endocrinologist.
Then I graduated and I.
My therapist immediately said I need to get bloodwork done for vitamin D and thyroid testing.
