Original Response:
I have thousands of dollars of debt from University choices that didn’t pan out. The Government won’t give me benifits cause of it. Paycheques feel small and always far away. While the boss buys thousands of dollars of lottery tickets every month. I’d like a change.
Then make a change.  Your boss doing well has absolutely nothing to do with you doing poorly.  It sucks that university didn’t work out, but there must be something else out there for you that pays better.  The government doesn’t owe you benefits because you spent money you didn’t have on a university course you didn’t like/couldn’t handle.
&gt; I’d like a change.

So use *your decision* to attend university for a useless degree to influence future decisions. No ones fault but your own. As for your boss, he can spend his money as he sees fit. None of your business.
buying thousands of dollars of lottery each month might exchange hands of that position you seek change in. 

(being up a creek with no paddle)
[deleted]
Get a job that doesn't suck. You can always sell heroin , I see tons of people in Vancouver buying nice houses from being heroin entrepreneurs.
So you want the government to take care of you? Grow up.
I have a job, asshole. I don’t need the government to “take care” of me. The point of my comment is wage disparity.
So you are not accountable for the choices you made and the government must bail you out?  That doesn't make sense.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yet you're pouting about your University debts, government benefits, low pay, and your boss having more money than you.

Take some responsibility for your own life.
If I was on welfare I would agree with you but I’m hauling ass at my job every shift. The point of what I said was about the income difference being so ridiculous. If your an upper middle class person saying this to me, fuck right off.
Personal responsibility is oppression to these people.
I really hope other people don't think like you. This is how we get millions of redditors masturbating in sub reddits like socialism and communism thinking their poor choices aren't their own faults and successful people must pay.
The big banks actually paid that all back with interest. The US Government made like 200 billion dollars on that deal.
Serious question: how difficult is your job? I don’t mean “how much sweat do you expend at your job” or “how boring is your job”, but *how difficult* is it?

How quickly and easily can your bosses find another person to do exactly what you do, for the same wage that you’re paid? How many people can do what you do, either right now or with minimal training?

I ask because the supply and demand for your kind of labour is directly related to the price—if the answers to those questions are “very quickly” and “very easily” and “lots of people”, then what makes you think your compensation is in anyway unfair?

If, on the other hand, the answers are “slowly”, “they can’t” and “not many”, then maybe you should be asking your boss for a raise, or you’ll work for their competitor instead.
I don't even know what "upper middle class is," but I'm probably not in it. I work two jobs myself, but I've stopped blaming the rich and successful for inequity. Equalizing income or eliminating "disparity" is not an answer to anything. Some people are more successful than others; the world has always been that way. Knee-capping others won't improve your situation; it'll just bring everyone down to the same level (a la Venezuala) and remove any incentive to work hard and innovate. All this wage disparity nonsense is nothing more than Marxist ideology.

Adam Carolla has some good things to say about the topic: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OB4C2sdjPQw

There are some other videos of him talking about the same subject as well. I think he hits the nail on the head.

Summary:
I have a job, asshole.
I have thousands of dollars of debt from University choices that didn’t pan out.
I really hope other people don't think like you.
The point of my comment is wage disparity.
Get a job that doesn't suck.
