Original Response:
Holy fucking compressed. He has that bike so tight on there lol
My buddy went a little overboard and did this with my F650GS Dakar, except my suspension has stupid long travel. Needless to say, I needed $1k of replacement parts to fix the inevitably blown seals and shocks.
Get a seal buddy, or a block of wood. It sits between the wheel and the guard, allows you to strap down the bike without compressing the forks.
And it's also not the right kind of trailer. This one puts all the weight on the tongue. Yeah it might be a light bike, but that kind of bike "rack" is limited to like 200lbs.
I can't speak for this, but I feel like he could have found a better solution, even if that meant putting it on the truck (between package and control). Are hitches on trailers even common?
I think if it's one of those hitch racks, some are rated up to 500lbs. There are a lot of 400lb ones too.
No idea, but I know this particular type of "rack" is only meant for dirt bikes, that anything over 200-250lbs should be at least on a little collapsible trailer.
But is the hitch it's attached to rated for 500lbs of tongue weight?
I'd be curious about that too. Some pickups have that rating without any extra reinforcement and others only need some extra bracing either welded or bolted on. So I'd imagine if there's a hitch on this trailer, I'd guess the driver was aware and made sure it was okay.
Do you have a link?  Google only shows me the motionpro seal cleaner wedge thing.
[](https://www.mxstore.com.au/p/Bike-Accessories/Tie-Downs-Fork-Support/MCS-Black-Tie-Down-Support-Brace/ZTDB1B?gclid=CjwKCAjwrNjcBRA3EiwAIIOvq2ev_xF4Ot-aOgncmx6yIS8Adwl72oVuBlaE4NudYgEHx2r2GrsULhoCZqcQAvD_BwE)

Called a fork seal saver, it wedges between the wheel and the guard, the sticky outy bits on the side rest against the forks so it stays in place. You can also buy adjustable ones to suit various sized bikes

Edit: link isn't showing up on my phone, but if you search for 'fork seal saver' it should pop up
[deleted]
Is there a reason you wouldn't want to compress the forks? I have been compressing them for the last 17 years and have never had an issue.
It stops pressure from staying built up in the forks, when pressure builds inside, it can cause the seals to leak. If you have a bleed valve on your forks, you'll notice how much pressure actually builds. Another is condition of the spring inside the fork, it has a set length, and needs to be replaced when too far out of spec, too long under heavy compression can take it's toll (a standard trip isn't going to do anything though). I think in the past I've only had one seal go when strapped down, so it's not too bad, but using the seal saver in the front really works a treat, stops any bouncing when hitting bumps, good for peace of mind, knowing there won't be oily forks when I get to the riding spot.
These are all myths. Compressing the spring within it's normal range of motion does not cause the spring to take a set and worn or dirty seals cause leaks, not compressing the forks to a height within their normal operating range. It takes 2 straps to securely tie down a bike in a pickup bed. If you need anything more you're doing something wrong (usually incorrect angles of straps).
I've never noticed any spring length changes in my own bikes. I was just thinking if it's strapped too tight for too long, repeated each weekend for years, it could eventually take some length out of the spring/change it's characteristics. But, the more you know, cheers.
The fork will bottom out before the spring reaches any type of fatigue or yield point. If that weren't the case, broken springs would be a lot more common.

Summary:
I think if it's one of those hitch racks, some are rated up to 500lbs.
It sits between the wheel and the guard, allows you to strap down the bike without compressing the forks.
I've never noticed any spring length changes in my own bikes.
