Original Response:
[deleted]
So I think I know what your problem is. And I want to make clear that I am saying this as kindly as possible, with the full faith that this is a problem that can be fixed: you're boring.

I read your entire post and I know literally nothing about you except that a) you go to the gym, and b) you seem to think physical looks is the most important qualification in a relationship.

This is absolutely a trap people fall into, where they try really hard to be attractive to *anyone*, that they forget that the point of dating isn't to find 'anyone', it's to find the *right* one. To do this, you have to be a little vulnerable, let your quirky side show. You're afraid that rejection means *you're wrong*, when really it means you're wrong for each other. So you don't put yourself out there, you play it safe, you say the things you think people want to hear instead of what you really believe, and you consequently come off like someone who has no *passion*.

If I were single and on a date, I would probably try to have a conversation that included things like:

* I have finally, *finally* sprouted a potted plant from seeds and kept it alive long enough to grow to adulthood! Would like to hear more about what I've learned from its siblings' slow, agonizing, varied deaths?
* My friends recently had a conversation about what youtube videos they like to binge watch, and my category was homesteading videos. What about you? (Also do you want to know why quails are better than chickens?)
* My guilty pleasure internet reading is advice columns and reddit relationships, because it fulfills the role of gossip for me without having to worry if I'm hurting someone by talking about them behind their back, plus it's heartwarming to see all the great advice people get, and how unusually kind and support internet comments can be. Plus I just really, really like knowing why I feel the way I feel and it's really important to me to know myself and be able to present myself clearly to others, and reading these sorts of advice columns really help me with that.

Now, there are going to be people who look at this list and go like "No offense, if you talk about potted plants I am going to fall asleep." And that's fine! I should not date those people. But there are also going to be people who are like I HAD NO IDEA POTTED PLANTS WERE SO EPIC, TELL ME MORE. And *that's* the connection you're looking for.

What are you passionate about? What drives you, what motivates you to learn or challenge yourself? If you're bored with *yourself*, then you're going to bore other people (and women are going to accurately assess that you are looking to *them* for entertainment and direction for *your* life, and most women don't want that burden).

I also want to touch on "you seem to think physical looks is the most important qualification in a relationship", because the other part of this is that I actually have no idea what kind of women or relationship you're looking for. For example, things I want (and found!) in a significant other are:

* Stable and responsible. I need to be able to rely on them to keep a job and hold up half the housework without having to harangue them into it.
* Curious / like learning. Life is simultaneously very short and very long, and I want someone who will (alongside me!) go out and find new experiences they want to do (with me!) so that we don't get stuck in a rut. They don't have to like *academics*, but I want them to be passionate enough about something to strive to improve their skill or knowledge set (even if that's... a video game, woodworking, LARPing, etc)
* Willing to laugh about and also treasure the mundane. A lot of life is going to be ten thousand "what should we eat for dinner?" "ugh idk I'm bored of everything" and I want someone who can both find peace and comfort in the everyday slog of living, as well as laugh about it.

What do *you* want in a woman or relationship? I get the feeling that you've taken the generic model of "1) Go on dinner dates 2) Eventually move in 3) Get married 4) Have kids" but do you.. actually *want* that? Or are you just defaulting to it because you feel like you're expected to want that? Do you want someone who'll be a homemaker, or someone who is very career driven? Do you want someone who is very invested in a creative hobby? Do you want someone who will travel the world with you?

You say you have no experience dating, so it's ok if the answer right now is "I have no idea", but you should be constantly evaluating your dating relationships to ask yourself *Is this what I want? What feels like it's missing? What do I daydream of that isn't here?* Look at other people's relationships, at how other couples interact, and ask if you want that for yourself (or don't want it).
[deleted]
This is really good advice! OP I’d also add that you seem to be shooting yourself in the foot a lot. I don’t know if it’s a lack of self confidence or if you’re anxious about it, but you seem to be overanaylzing everything instead of being straightforward. Did you like her? Do you want to go out on a date? Then ask her on a date. Don’t worry about stuff like social media. She may not have seen it, she may not be into friending people she doesn’t know well, etc - there’s a million reasons that have nothing to do with whether she’s interested in going on a date with you. Just ask her on a date.
[deleted]
&gt;I like to do an extreme sport

So this is interesting, because I know (for me) some extreme sports that come with a higher likelihood of death are actually a dealbreaker for me, because I, personally, wouldn't want my SO risking leaving me widowed like that. So I think you maybe should try to tailor your search for women who are similarly adventurous, are similarly willing to risk a lot for something they're passionate about. It may not be looking for a woman who shares your exact sport, but maybe it's a similar one, or someone who's very dedicated to their career or industry, or wants to spend their life living in different countries.

&gt;My other passions are very academic (think purity in a hard/dry STEM subject)

Similarly, you might try targeting women who are academics or high-level in a hard/dry industry. You're narrowing your field, for sure, but the idea is to be more likely to find someone who shares your interests here - or who can at least handle a little more detail than the average passerby :)

&gt;But I don't like to talk about the ethical dangers, because then people start to wonder 'wow, if the negative consequences are so deep (as I make it clear to be) then why would you study this mustache\_in\_soho?'

I think you actually should maybe *not* steer clear of this? You find this really interesting! Your answer to why you study this will say some meaningful things about what's important to you and how you manage and balance risk. If women are being turned off by this topic, it's possible that this topic is actually just a really good filter for 'not compatible'.

You're obviously the one who has the experience (and all the details!) here, so you may very well be right to avoid this (or at least avoid it on the first few dates), but it might be worthwhile to consider this other perspective.

&gt;I am utterly boring

Are you saying this because *you* believe it, or because I said so? ;) It does sound like you have some stuff going on in your life, so if *you* don't feel bored with you, that may not be the problem. The other thing that may be happening is if you dedicate a lot of time to your sport/field, or if you can't find topics outside of these interesting, it may be that women are getting the impression that they have nothing to offer *you*. They may think that you aren't willing to dedicate the time to doing experiences they're interested in, or that you're only humoring them when they talk about their non-extreme, less-deep passions. (I don't really have anything to base this off of in your actual posts, just the fact that there can be a stereotype that extreme-sport, highly theoretical people aren't capable of finding less extreme activities/subjects interesting. Take this advice with a grain of salt, and if it doesn't feel true to your lived experience, feel free to dismiss it!)
[deleted]
You might be boring or you’re just having bad conversations. Reading your post it sounds like even *you* don’t particularly enjoy the conversations you have with these women you go after.

You just aren’t finding someone who matches your interests. That means you either need to find a woman with similar interests, or gain more interests yourself.
&gt;  I constantly think I'm ugly and they are too pretty for me. I also feel like pretty girls don't like me and are just acting nice. 

Hmmmm this could also be a core of your problems. Everyone's got insecurities, but it's kinda discouraging when the boy you like doesn't believe you actually like him :( I don't know if you'd be open to therapy, but a cognitive-behavioral approach may help you find methods to curb this sort of self-esteem sabotage. You could also try looking into some self-help or self-administered CBT (cognitive behavioral therapy); an actual therapist works for a lot of people, but some people have found they do better on their own. Either way, this is definitely something to fight against. You might be unconsciously leaning on your prospective SO for validation and self-worth, and that's also a burden most women don't want to carry.

(And I know that these sorts of insecurities aren't cured by affirming words from internet strangers, but I do want to point out the irony of this when a girl very strongly indicated that she'd be down for some NSA sex with you. Do you know how rare that is?? Women are much more reluctant than men to have NSA because they have to determine a) is he safe b) will I actually have fun or will he only be concerned about *his* orgasm, all in addition to whether the dude is physically attractive, and they have to determine all this without the benefit of long-term acquaintanceship. And *damn,* dude! You threaded that needle!)

&gt; she said I was cute. She wouldn't have said that if it weren't true. 

Last thing. I'm getting the impression from this that you feel being 'cute' as a dude is bad. It's bad if you never feel *sexy*, but you should never fear being cute. You can absolutely be cute *and* be sexy, they don't cancel each other out. Like, I am fucking adorable curled sleepily in a fuzzy blanket, and a *very different* fucking adorable in fuzzy striped thigh-high socks and nothing else ;)

My BF is adorable *and* sexy, and a lot of what makes him adorable is the same thing that makes him *fun*, and people who are fun are super sexy. Being cute can also be associated with being *vulnerable*, which is what brings people together.

Maybe your last GF was using it as a pejorative, and if so, shame on her. But people are like multifaceted gems; the more sides they have, the more they sparkle.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Now I'm curious about what the ethical dangers are.
[deleted]
AI and AGI are such cool topics. I'll check the books out.
[deleted]
Just like you! Kidding! I'm just teasing. Thank you, I'll check out the book.
[deleted]

Summary:
I should not date those people.
Do you want to go out on a date?
You find this really interesting!
What do *you* want in a woman or relationship?
What are you passionate about?
So I think I know what your problem is.
go out and find new experiences they want to do (with me!)
;) It does sound like you have some stuff going on in your life, so if *you* don't feel bored with you, that may not be the problem.
What feels like it's missing?
I think you actually should maybe *not* steer clear of this?
&gt; she said I was cute.
