Original Response:
There are many verses that discourage female leadership. I tend to agree. Are there any passages that say otherwise. Trying to get as much info on this topic as possible.
Why do you agree? Do you believe that women are for some reason incapable of accepting the word of God?
No. Women are not unequal from men. They have different roles.
No. Women are not unequal from men. They have different roles.
No. Women are not unequal from men. They have different roles.
Oops only meant to send once
&gt;Do you believe that women are for some reason incapable of accepting the word of God?

Where did the OP suggest anything remotely close to that?
If humanity actually believed that line, then there should be about 50% of career fields where women are categorically defined as superior over men.
Well, they clearly believe that for some reason women cant be religious leaders, and I think most people would agree that accepting Gods word is a requirement (probably the most important) for being a leader, so...
I'm not saying women are worse pastors/priests. I am saying that isn't what their role is in the Church. I am convinced based on evidence in the new testament.
Women can be as smart if not smarter than men. But the bible says in multiple places that women are to be silent in church and provide things other than leadership
Not "for some reason", but because what the Bible says. And if they accept it, they wouldn't want to become leaders to start with. You're still misrepresenting the OP.
How convenient that men are the ones that get all the power. How coincidental that God's demands seem to be indistinguishable from traditional patriarchy.
If you are questioning the validity of scripture, this is not the post to argue it.
Blacks are not unequal to whites, they just need to drink from another fountain.
&gt;that women are to be silent in church

To be fair that Epistle was aimed at a certain church in the Church. We don't know the specifics of that church but perhaps the women were rowdy or gossiping.

Summary:
Women are not unequal from men.
Do you believe that women are for some reason incapable of accepting the word of God?
&gt;Do you believe that women are for some reason incapable of accepting the word of God?
