Original Response:
Ridiculous!  Probably on the phone.
I think U/i_was_mistaken was probably right in the fact that she thought I was in the other lane, but nothing would surprise me. I was more focused on getting around her then to see if she was though.
They're attempting to **merge across 4 lanes of traffic**, they're watching the yellow car and don't start to go into that car is clear, because they want to go into that lane. The left lane is the turn lane, and like a ton of self-centered, idiotic people behind the wheel - they "need" to cut across multiple lanes of traffic instead of making proper lane changes.

As far as not seeing the motorcycle - well yeah, of course they have their phone in their face, it's what told them they need to get in the right lane.
Where in the fuck does the video show that the red car was trying to merge across four lanes of traffic?
Where in the fuck does the video show that the red car was trying to merge across four lanes of traffic?
A *merge* is when 2 lanes come together.  
Changing lanes is not merging.   
The driver did not merge.  

This is like teenager driver's ed shit. Maybe you d
This is how we get people playing the "zipper merge" card when waiting until the last second to cut into a line of cars waiting to exit or enter the freeway
It's speculation based on wheel angles

EDIT: No it's not. It's just speculation.
I mean... the statement was made and it was bolded. No clue how anyone can determine the plans of a car barely moving on the far left, especially to make such a statement.
I agree. If you watch closely it's obvious the car planned to stay in the leftmost lane.
Nothing is obvious besides the fact that the car pulled out.
You can extrapolate the car's path based on its wheel angles. It's not a guarantee, but it's reliable enough in my experience.
I never trust anyone for anything, in these scenarios. You could argue that the same logic applies to a blinker. A high percentage of the time, if someone's blinker is on, they're probably going to turn off of, or on to, a road. Sometimes they just forget to turn their blinker off. I never trust blinkers, so I never trust the direction of tires. The direction of tires doesn't matter (in this situation) because it's all about how hard they hit the gas pedal.
&gt; You could argue that the same logic applies to a blinker.

I would argue that it does not. People forget to turn their blinkers off all the time, especially us. They don't mean the car will actually turn. But a car can't go where its tires aren't pointed (unless it is sliding). Even if the driver went crazy and quickly turned the steering wheel aiming to cross all lanes, it would be easy to see the wheels steering in that direction.
I think we can agree that trusting other folks on the road (whether we're in a car or on a bike) is probably not the best course of action. Defensive driving typically is always the right way to go.
sounds good
What does this have to do with people not knowing what 'merge' means?
Because many think getting into the exit lane *is* merging

Summary:
Changing lanes is not merging.
I never trust blinkers, so I never trust the direction of tires.
The driver did not merge.
I would argue that it does not.
