Original Response:
Don’t get me wrong. This is completely unacceptable...

But to think media is so quick to jump on Chinese immigrant on this... while illegal border crossers is untouchable and never talked about in a negative light...

I can’t stop but to think there is a double standard here.
Ya atleast they come with big money, pay big bucks to the government then contribute to the economy after, way better loop hole for canada than letting anyone who pleases walk across the border and get a monthly paycheck and an appartment for 2+ years before a hearing and or eventual mass amnesty
You must be living under a rock if you think that there isn't a lot of vocal people railing about illegal immigrants, especially now that Trump push them away.
I'd rather hardworking people that want to build a life for themselves and contribute to society than people bringing bags of money and steering the economy.  There's nothing that says an investor immigrant is using their money for anything that benefits society in any way whatsoever.
"Hardworking people that contribute to society". Yeah right. They had a chance to do that in the US but didn't. What makes you think they'd change now especialky with all the welfare they'll get?
An economy is driven by its working and middle class skill and drive, not rich people at the top importing German luxury vehicles
So not people walking across the border getting paid to live in hotels
the premise of your statement is false, im not going to eli5 for you
The US has this guy called Trump who has been cracking down on immigrants and asylum seekers. 
The huge increase in asylum seekers to Canada happened after Trump got elected. No asylum seeker would want to let the Trump administration decide their fate if they had another option.
You do know Obama has deported more people than Trump in the same period of time? There's nothing new. 

What you need to understand here is that most of these people moving here are Haitians who fled to the US after the horrible earthquake in 2010 which killed 140,000 people. But now Haiti has moved on and is much safer than before. Yet these guys are still sticking around in the US and Canada. 

Actual refugees or economic migrants? Easy to see which.

Summary:
"Hardworking people that contribute to society".
The US has this guy called Trump who has been cracking down on immigrants and asylum seekers.
