Original Response:
RBI's PR offensive is going extremely well.  At this rate, they will be among the top 10 poorest performing brands.  Can't wait to see that happen.  On another note, anyone else notice McDonald's is getting busier?
The McCafe near me is pretty impressive. They have an espresso machine and the menu is stock but complete. The prices are on par with McDonald's.

Tim's flirted with this. They made it happen.
If I wasn't also a Tim's to McDonald's convert, I'd be convinced there are shills plugging McDonald's in every thread. But yeah McDonald's coffee is legit, and I think it's the cheapest of the non-Tim's chains.
Plus the stickers and free coffees.
[deleted]
The Tim's app is far superior to McDs though.  Ive paid for coffees that never got sent to the store and wound up having to pay in person.  Tech support sent me to the FAQ section of the website when I complained.
The only reason I still go to Tims is because it's on the right side of the road, it's extremely convenient.  McDonalds is on the left side, I'd have to make two lefts at lights, go to McDonalds, and then another left at a light, so it can add 10-15 minutes just navigating traffic.

I could go to A&amp;W, it's slightly easier, but I don't think it's as good as either.
&gt; On another note, anyone else notice McDonald's is getting busier?

Not particularly - I see McD's transitioning a few places both in city centres and the suburbs, but no noticeable increase in traffic.  I *have* noticed a few of the A&amp;W restaurants in my area looking busier the last 2 years or so.
Confession: I probably have 8 cards with one sticker each floating around.
Same deal here. Tim's just has the most convenient locations.
I've never used the Tim's app so I can't compare but I've had zero issues with my orders with the McD's app, fwiw.
ive lost the majority of my rollup to win shit. why? its a dirty fucking scrap of paper I tore off a place that I was just putting my fucking mouth
peel and tape
[removed]
Mc D's is good their burgers and fries. 

Coffee and Breakfast, I'll take at Tim's.
[deleted]
You should instead buy a grinder and some coffee beans and grind them yourself once you get to work.
And strangely enough, whenever those $1 coffees are on, I've had the cashiers actually ask me if I want to save my free one for when it's regular price. It's small, sure, but it's something better than Tim's cashiers asking me what drink I'll have with my bagel. Since that happened I haven't gone back.
Dino but there is aways a 20+ car lineup at every Tims I pass on my way to work.
Calgary, Mcloed trail right?
What a bougie thing to suggest.
I need (want) the coffee before I hit heavy traffic in the city. Most days I make the coffee at home, but once or twice a month I run out of time and hit up Tim's on my way in. Work has free coffee anyways I wouldn't bother wasting my time and money bringing my own.
and the super cheap add on of great muffins too! large + muffin $2.50, that's awesome!
McD's app is also consistently broken for me. 3 times I've tried to place an order. Every time it sent to the wrong place, placed the wrong order, or failed to apply a coupon, *after* it charged my card. 3 times I tried and 3 times I had to argue with managers, and every time they treat me as if I'm scamming them despite an order number and a receipt. Once I had to pull out a credit card statement and they still "made an exception for this time only".

It's a piece of crap.

...all that said, anecdotally, 3 of my family members also use the McD app and have had zero issues. So who knows.
What. McCafe is MacDonalds.
I'm talking about the dedicated McCafe shop. It's McDonald's with more coffee and cafe fare, espresso machines with integrated steam wands, etc.

Also, no burgers.
Personally I don’t drink coffee but I can +1 this. Every time I’m with family they are all slowly converting to McDonalds over timmies. Let’s just hope they don’t ruin Popeyes aswell eh?
Are you a mind reader? I was thinking the same thing last Thursday!
😂 great minds think alike!
I’d heard that RBI changed coffee suppliers when they acquired Tim’s, and McDucks picked up the old supplier. The McDonalds Canada CEO came into one of my classes a few years back for a talk, and it blew my mind when he said they sell more coffee in grocery stores than any other single brand. I’d recently done a case study on the infeasibility of all day breakfast from an operations/ machine optimization perspective, so I was pretty surprised when that came out later too. They served something like 1.5 million Canadians DAILY back then
Nah, people just want to feel like it's socially acceptable to align with successful corporations. By attaching themselves to power, they feel powerful themselves.

Then again, it would be easy for McDonald's to fund a few people in a faraway office, or even in the comfort of their own homes, whose job it is to cheer on McDonald's when they're notified of a story about their competitors on social media. What they say doesn't even need to be relevant to the article. They can just start talking about how good the coffee is at McDonald's.
A&amp;W’s root beer is *waaaaay* better than Tim’s!
Get to mobile app with the digital rewards, and you can double dip. Or more, since I've gotten five "stickers" in one transaction, due to the cashier thinking it was a discount coupon that didn't go through.
&gt; I’d heard that RBI changed coffee suppliers when they acquired Tim’s, and McDucks picked up the old supplier. 

Well it's been mentioned in the daily Hortons thread here for years.
Yeah but A&amp;W's fountain root beer tastes like piss compared to what you buy in cans
If McDs could do Iced Caps I'd never go back to Tim's.
Oh you're one of those people that tears off the rim...
I like my cinnamon buns though, thats all McDonalds needs before I ditch Tims.

I mean McD's have these tiny pastries for some reason, does anyone eat those?
[removed]
you expect me to carry around a full coffee cup for half a year?
The minute McDonalds decides to go balls deep and open up a couple thousand McCafes, Tim's is done. The only advantage they have left is the number and convenience of their restaurants.
Stick them on the back of your driver's license until you're close to filling a card.
They've been busier for quite a while now.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Your supposed to delicately cut the rim so you can recycle the cup!
You can't recycle most coffee cups. Lids only.
&gt; I think it's the cheapest of the non-Tim's chains.

$0.53 at 7/11 if you bring your own mug.

Quality varies, but generally not bad.
&gt; The only advantage they have left is the number and convenience of their restaurants.

Location, location, location.

Maybe franchises will drop in price from ~$800 000 to $600 000, but there's a long way to go before they are obsolete.
McDonalds has done amazing things. I never would have gone there 10 years ago. It's now nice. Efficient. Quality is good and consistent. And they have plenty options of quality stuff.
Whoops, I've been doing that backwards
I was saving them up, had about 6 full ones and the put my wallet through the wash....
Never mind the insulated cup with dripless dome lid.
How ? Lid is plastic and even has the recycling symbol on it most times. Cups are normally waxed on the inside to keep them from getting soft and soaked thus making them unfit for recycling.
Maybe it's just me, but I've never seen a 7/11 in person in my life. So I don't think that's really an option.
What do you mean, give it to a homeless person, they can then use it to collect change! Paint it, put an elastic, and then you have a hat for a small dog!
Mc Frappe are pretty good man. A lot better coffee taste to them IMO.
Wtf, A&amp;W blows both McDonald's and Tims out of the water, both with breakfast and burgers. I'd put the coffee on par with McDonald's
Why do you utter such heresy?
At this rate, if McDonalds introduces their own version of Timbits, it's game over for Timmies.
I disagree. I find the McDonalds frappes too sweet.

But then again the only time I have ever tried one was at the Houston airport waiting for a flight so maybe they taste different here?
At most McDonald’s you can give them the 8 cards with one sticker and you can still get a free coffee
Maybe not on the east coast. They're everywhere in BC at least (often in a Petro Can). It's just like for us when people talk about second cup (only ever heard of it on this sub) or robins donuts (last one here closed around 2000).
Stick 8 and you can bribe the cops next time you get pulled over.
Yes. No more tearing lids that spill constantly.
Not sure why you're downvoted over your opinion on breakfast choices?
Call them McBites and call it a day
I just blame the reddit circlejerk / Macdonalds shrills.
I 100% would take McDonalds coffee or Timmies. The only reason I even get Tim Hortons now is the McDonalds is double the distance away or I’d never go
[deleted]
&gt;Let’s just hope they don’t ruin Popeyes aswell eh?

As a Popeyes aficionado I can attest that they are definitely making the place much better.

Tims had an existing stock of long-tenured franchisees with quality businesses, whom RBI (and thus 3G and Pershing) have steamrolled in extracting cash from their purchase. Popeyes had a small number of extremely variable quality stores that ranged from average to completely indifferent service. RBI has started massively expanding, and have made major improvements to the existing stores too. It's good stuff.
McDonald’s was in a sales decline from 2011 to 2016, there franchisees pushed back and McDonald’s changed its model a bit.

Tims will do the same over time.
I see. Most only have those in some parts of Canada.
Yes! Ask for the little chocolate one to be warmed up. Soooo good. Try one next time.

Summary:
Tims will do the same over time.
They can just start talking about how good the coffee is at McDonald's.
I'd put the coffee on par with McDonald's.
The prices are on par with McDonald's.
I 100% would take McDonalds coffee or Timmies.
Coffee and Breakfast, I'll take at Tim's.
3 times I've tried to place an order.
The only reason I even get Tim Hortons now is the McDonalds is double the distance away or I’d never go.
Tim's just has the most convenient locations.
You can't recycle most coffee cups.
At most McDonald’s you can give them the 8 cards with one sticker and you can still get a free coffee.
The only reason I still go to Tims is because it's on the right side of the road, it's extremely convenient.
I was thinking the same thing last Thursday!
&gt; I think it's the cheapest of the non-Tim's chains.
But yeah McDonald's coffee is legit, and I think it's the cheapest of the non-Tim's chains.
