Original Response:
This is so stupid. 4/5 is 80%. Thats still excellent. Why is it that its 5 (perfect) or nothing? Ok, ban if someone gets to under 2.5/5 maybe. But 4? Ridiculous. Besides which, lots of interaction  with the app, means your score may go down. Ie the more rides you take, the less score you may achieve through attrition.
Well for drivers its 4.2 so it is even tougher
[deleted]
&gt; This is so stupid. 4/5 is 80%. Thats still excellent. 

The way that ratings work in practice is that almost everyone gives either one star or five stars. So a 4/5 rating means roughly that 25% of your ratings are one-star ratings.
Then dont have it /5 stars! I rate on the scale as it should be used. Its ubers totally fucked logic that makes it that way. Everything isnt black or white.
&gt; Then dont have it /5 stars!

Probably would be a good idea for Uber to implement, but you and I don't control them.

&gt; I rate on the scale as it should be used.

To be clear, giving a driver a 4-star rating is telling Uber that you think they should be fired. Whether you think Uber "should" or "shouldn't" interpret it that way doesn't matter; they *do*.

&gt; Its ubers totally fucked logic that makes it that way. 

It's not Uber's logic. It's the rating patterns of the general public.
Not at all, thats how they are implementing the system. Whats a 1 for then?!! The driver should  be shot?
But average rating isn't the only metric they have access to. Sure of they have 25% 1 star and 75% 5 star something should be looked at. But if someone has 100% 4 star ratings that should be handled completely differently.
Except they should be held to higher standards, they're the ones driving, controlling the giant block of steel and glass. You're just sitting there for 10 minutes and then getting out again.
Exactly. And Drivers can give bullshit scores based on shortness of trips or if male drivers felt they were being ignored by female customers. Unless you have specific complaints against you (i.e. you threw up in an Uber or were abusive) I don't see why you should be banned.
I think you are misunderstanding how it came about. Uber gave a 5 star system to people and so many treated it as a binary thumbs up/down system that the vast majority of drivers ended up having scores higher than 4.

Uber gave people a way to provide ratings, then used that data to figure out the cutoff. They didn't decide at the start to require 4+
Who cares how a retarded system came about. Are the numbers normalised against the number  of rides the person has taken? No. So its a pointless, subjective, discriminatory system,
How do you know it isn't?
It's [basically like this](https://mobile.twitter.com/alexkealy/status/981984202618032128?lang=en).
I agree that drivers should have a higher standard but it's pretty messed up that a 4 star rating would be interpreted as a negative rating.  


If people are going to treat the rating system like a binary give us a binary choice.
Agreed, all it takes as a disgruntled driver or two and you're locked out of the service.
the system that have in place is fucked. have it a 5 star rating system is ALWAYS going to cause you to go lower in every ride you take. 

if you don't get the 5-star rating then you AUTOMATICALLY drop. you don't get an uptick from it. so you are fucked.

it should be a 3 star system. 3 for great 2 for good and one for shit.
just be happy you don't have a thumb up or a thumb down system
this is how it should be. i can't be held to a higher standard. all i do is get in say hey, try not to throw up on his floor and get out. like shit...
Pretty much. I find it stupid how you can get rated poorly as a rider for things like not showing up on time etc, and I constantly have drivers cancel on me most weekends with no repercussions.
I've had this before the driver was on the street over. didn't even call me once!
Or they could do a bit more maths.  Normalise any particular rating by the history of the person giving the rating.  If you always give 5, then another 5 doesn't mean much.  If you usually give 3, but one time give a 5, then that's great.   If you usually give 5, but sometimes give 1, then there isn't all that much information in a '1'.
Thats  exacrly what we have
No one has ever mentioned  it, seems a pertinent  feature you would brag about
I don't disagree, but maybe they want something that each user will be able to easily keep track of. A single number is easier to understand than a distribution. Plus it's not like anybody's likely to get a whole bunch of 4-star ratings anyway.

Summary:
this is how it should be.
it should be a 3 star system.
Then dont have it /5 stars!
&gt; Then dont have it /5 stars!
I rate on the scale as it should be used.
&gt; I rate on the scale as it should be used.
&gt; Its ubers totally fucked logic that makes it that way.
