Original Response:
Hey guys, I’m really excited because I’m getting my first bike in a couple days. The deal is already sealed, I just have to get the paperwork sorted. I don’t have anyone else to share this with so I figured I’d put it here! I’m so excited to get out on the road!
Not gonna even tell us the make/model?
That's confidential.
Sorry! I’m still pretty excited and forgot to mention it’s a 2008 Harley sportster.
When's your period? 

There. You now have your first "girl bike" joke out of the way. 

There will be plenty more so I'm just toughening you up.
I am a girl though
That's works out well for you then unless you don't like the reasoning behind the insult; that girls are weak and unable to handle what men can.
I don’t care about the opinions of people who try and make something less fun for others.
As everyone should be. If you let insults get to you, you're into the wrong hobby, lol.
The irony in the whole "girl's bike" thing is that XLs are more top-heavy than Big Twins, making them actually harder for a smaller and weaker person to handle at low speeds. This trait is really evident in Ironheads. Hell, doing a daily commute on a XLCH is one of the most macho things a person could do on a bike.
There's a lot of different Sportster models, which one is it? All of the Sportsters have the same core but the factory remixes the wheels, shocks, and finishes to make different models. I loved my XLH883. The Sportster is one of, if not the oldest continually produced motorcycle. They are also one of the most diverse "families" in motorcycling. An XL has been in the hunt to win the Iron Butt Rally, ran on the high banking at Daytona (Sundance Daytona Weapon), made into an adventure bike (Bajaharley), and plenty of other iterations. Back when I had mine, the XLForum was a great source of information.
I ride a Kawasaki N400 and get this all the damn time, even by people who don't ride. I used to explain that I'm perfectly happy with my bike but now I just say "haha yeah..." and move on with my day.
I don’t think one is an XL but it is an iron 883. This one has been modded a little and laid over, but with a little work should be back in good condition. 

What is the Iron Butt rally? Is it a long distance ride or something?
All Sportsters have the model designation XL as far as I know. The Iron Butt Rally is a distance riding event where a traffic citation is an automatic DQ and points are awarded for arriving at designated checkpoints on time and riding to various destinations (with photographic proof). The winner usually ends up riding around 11,000 miles in ten days.
That’s insane! Sounds like a load of fun though

And thanks for the info. I didn’t realize that XL applied to all of the 883s
You're welcome.

Summary:
I am a girl though.
I don’t think one is an XL but it is an iron 883.
There's a lot of different Sportster models, which one is it?
All Sportsters have the model designation XL as far as I know.
