Original Response:
Porn is a poor reflection of actual sex, some people do like throat fucking as part of a kink type thing but it's definitely not everyone's thing
Believe me, I get that porn is not an accurate reflection of reality. But it seems like literally every scene incorporates this. It’s not even part of a sub-genre. That’s why I ask.
How much porn are you watching?
Second this. Sure porn is a good way to get some nice ideas but a lot of it is not as good nor as practical as they make it seem.
A fair bit.
Can't be too much if everything you watch has throat fucking
I think you'll see a trend of mainstream porn getting more and more extreme in these kinds of cases as what was once considered risque becomes tame
Porn may be a poor reflection of what actual sex is now, but it’s sadly a good indication of what sex will be.
I'd respectfully disagree, though some of my kinkier partners enjoy such things my more vanilla ones are much more inclined to just mutually pleasurable sex without this extreme level of power play and dehumanization. I don't think you'll find many people consenting to throat fucking unless it's actually something they really get off on
You might be right this one time. But history is not on your side... Consider that 30 years ago BJ’s and anal play were rare outside of porn. Now, they’re part of most couples sex life. Choking and 3somes were almost a Porn only thing 15 years ago, now they’re far more common. 

For better or worse, arguably for worse, kids learn how to have sex mostly from porn... Dudes learn what to do and girls learn what to expect and accept. And it’s worse in an age of easy access to hardcore porn.
&gt;I don't think you'll find many people consenting to throat fucking unless it's actually something they really get off on

Not true. I consent to it all the time. My partner loves it and I want to please my partner. I am one of about a zillion females out here with very low self esteem.
I'm not saying that there's isn't people who do it but I've met more people who won't than will outside of the kink scene
Perhaps you have very mentally healthy friends with good boundaries. :)
Mentally healthy? Nooooooo, neither me nor my friends can claim that but we all do have lots of talks around boundaries, consent and ethics so that would be a fair point to distinguish

Summary:
I consent to it all the time.
I don't think you'll find many people consenting to throat fucking unless it's actually something they really get off on.
How much porn are you watching?
