Original Response:
My favourite line from the piece:

&gt; “I do believe him,” Colorado forward Nathan MacKinnon told The Athletic. “I don’t think he was fucking injecting a needle in his ass. We’re all hockey players. We all respect the game. I’m sure Nate Schmidt isn’t a cheater. I believe him. I don’t think he intentionally did anything.
Damn Nate tell us what you really think
Putting needles in my ass is fun!
[deleted]
Because injecting a needle in his ass is the only way to do this? What the hell is this quote?
ok “I don’t think he was fucking injecting a needle in his ass."
It's called hyperbole
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt; . We’re all hockey players. We all respect the game. I’m sure Nate Schmidt isn’t a cheater. I believe him. I don’t think he intentionally did anything.

Ya cuz with millions on the line no one would possibly consider  cheating...
It is indeed a strongly naive comment
Hockey players want the strongest butts, so they get the steroids there
For a masochist. If Nate Schmidt is a masochist, he'd be down more than Hartnell.
He’s already a great defenseman, likely the best on his team. With the individual skill of a player being less impactful in hockey compared to other sports it makes no sense to do this, because it’s unlikely that people will notice a minor change in performance.
He had a statistical leap this past season too.  

"because it’s unlikely that people will notice a minor change in performance."-- Umm no. Just No.  

Stats are more important than ever come contract negotiation time. Every single thing is under the microscope. Both the players agent and the team use stats to evaluate individual performances.  I respect your opinion here but I have to very much disagree.
Man I love the sense of  comradery you get from hearing Nate say that.  

They're all in this together despite being fierce on-ice opponents .
They do really have respect for each other. Except the ones that lick people.
Every player on vegas was highly motivated to prove their old teams wrong for allowing them to be picked in the expansion draft. Literally every player on the team had a massive stat bump this past season...
For a m-ass-ochist!
Because nearly every player had increased ice time. It's got next to nothing to do with this stupid "something to prove" narrative.
The whole team had a statistical leap. Look at William Karlsson's stats before last season.
They had a statistical leap because of increased ice time.
Have you ever played competitive sports? I dont know about you but if someone didn't believe in me I would work my ass off. Guess depends if you care what others think about your performance as a athlete.
If you're not working your ass off in the first place you don't even make it to the NHL, let alone stick there long enough to be eligible for selection in an expansion draft.

And give it up with the "didn't believe in them" nonsense. Not everyone could be protected, and everyone knew that.
He had a Stat leap because he went from playing 3rd pairing with Orpik (if he wasn't just altogether scratched) to being the top pairing guy most of the fans knew he could be.
Also steroids don't just make people stronger. There's a lot of effects and they can vary from drugs, but one thing they generally do is allow for longer and more intense training than your body could normally handle. Similarly in a sport with a massive grinding schedule, you can play harder too.


Drugs don't allow you to half ass it, more like they allow you to give 120%.
Yer as naive as McKinnon. 

Hockey were born with superior genetics but have EXACTLY the same type of work ethic as you and I.  

They work hard and they fuck the dog.  Just like normal humans.
Well most of these guys have literally played together their entire lives. From Peewee all the way to the NHL.
I'm reminded of those interviews when family and neighbors talk about how great this guy is who just so happens to be a murdering psycho. They are all so surprised and in dumb belief when the truth comes out

Just because Nathan MacKinnon believes Schmidt does not mean Schmidt is innocent
Nates gotta stick together
Yeah Barry Bonds was a definite slouch before he began PED use. Saying good players have no reason to cheat is ridiculous. It’s hard getting to the top and even harder staying there.
No team "didn't believe in them". Obviously they knew where they stood on their teams depth chart and you can only protect so many players. It's just business
Baseball is also a sport where an individual player can make more of an impact in comparison to hockey.
Team wise yes. Individual stats are still directly related to your abilities, and individual stats are what keep your job.
Well coaches always ask for 110% so they are at fault here for any steroid use.
As an mma fan I'm of two minds. 1, everyone's on steroids. 2, tainted supplements are 100% a thing. As a sports fan in general the big four really don't test for peds. They give us a sacrificial lamb every onc in a blue moon so they can go "See we do test for PEDs!" In the grand scheme of things I don't really care weither or not Nate was actually using. But I think the fact that it's been what? Two years since the last player popped is horse shit. The league needs to either take testing seriously or just don't do it at all. Does anyone here actually think majority of the league isn't on some sort of PED?

Summary:
They do really have respect for each other.
No team "didn't believe in them".
“I don’t think he was fucking injecting a needle in his ass.
I don’t think he intentionally did anything.
ok “I don’t think he was fucking injecting a needle in his ass."
Literally every player on the team had a massive stat bump this past season...
Because injecting a needle in his ass is the only way to do this?
Both the players agent and the team use stats to evaluate individual performances.
