Original Response:
This must be the only sub where winners are quitters... :)

Damn, now that I think of it, there must be a sub for AAs or NAs... Still a good tag line right?
I've said before that AA (and the likes) are one of the only places you get praised for not being a piece of shit anymore.
How is being an alcoholic being a piece of shit? I know about one who always worked hard to support his family and still does so successfully, he also helps a ton of people. Surely more than me and probably you.
Well being an addict myself. It's kind of indside joke type thing. It's not really being a piece of shit it's just the shitty things we do to ourselves and the ones that love us. The torment and anguish we put them through with our disease.
Bingo.
Happy cakeday
Thank you!
Being an addict does not mean you're a piece of shit. However, the things most addicts do to support their addiction can put them in that territory.
I understand :)
If it's not preventing him from living a productive life he's not much of an alcoholic.
While I have no experience with alcholism or any addiction completely out of hand that's not really true. I was a low-key polydrug addict for about a year and have talked to many addicts on drug subreddits. It's completely possible to be a productive addict hell look at r/stims. Some of those poeple go on benders every weekend and go right back to work on Monday.
Man that's the true evil of stimulants. You're still getting stuff taken care of and your brain tells you you're more productive with them, like you're actually a better person. Then after being up a couple nights, you haven't eaten in a day, and you start going to loony town. Shits scary as hell.
Look up the definition
"Nicotine is just as addictive as caffeine."

"Don't start vaping if you've never smoked, because nicotine is straight up addictive."

Two opposing ideas yet they both flourish. Enjoy the dissonance.
Have you ever tried to get between a caffeine addict and their first cup of coffee in the morning? I'd rather take my chances with getting between a vaper and their device, or hell even a smoker and their cigarettes.
How are they opposing..? The second one doesn't mention caffeine, did you leave something out by accident
We generically agree that nicotine isn't as addictive as people claim, bringing attention to a lot of other things such as beta-carbolines as more pressing examples of why cigarettes are addictive, attached to nicotine or as themselves.

Caffeine is generically considered not as addictive in society whereas nicotine is considered the other way around, though we generically claim they're roughly equal.

When a non-smoker or never-smoker/vaper makes the personal choice to add nicotine or start vaping at all, we take a step or two back and immediately agree with what we originally didn't agree with at all. Even though part of the purpose is to move people away from more harmful delivery systems, and we're also very well read on that - up until the point a non-smoker or never-vaper decides to ever touch nicotine, or question using nicotine at all.

So no, I didn't leave anything out. The above normally don't appear together, but they do exist, and it's about as flimsy as claiming eggplants, tomatoes, and others should be regulated because they have nicotine as well. That's a different subject though.
I must be a moron, I still don't get it. I thought you were saying something like, "don't pick up your first cigarette =  don't pick up your first coffee"
Those aren't opposing at all.
Don't worry it's not your fault. His initial comment was just not a very good point. (As in, not opposing ideas at all)
No he is right. It’s commonly stated on this sub that nicotine is no more addictive than caffeine. 

The implication being that it’s harmless.

 Yet the next time someone who’s never smoked posts about wanting to start vaping you’ll have the same redditors saying things like “there’s no reason for someone who doesn’t smoke to vape nicotine is very addictive and blah blah”

The implication being that it’s not harmless
No, I am correct because caffeine is very addictive. That is what was addressed, addictiveness. He did not address harmfulness of caffeine in his two "opposing" statements.
your issue is with the factual harmfulness of caffeine when his argument was about the implications that people make on this sub.
He said the statements were opposing. They are not. That's all. The only thing going on here. "Nicotine is as addictive as caffeine" True. Nicotine is addictive" True. Both true, therefore not opposing. Any talk of hamrfulness isn't relevant to this point.
I don’t know any other way to try to explain to you that you’re completely missing the point. So I’m going to try this one more time 

He’s not making ANY statements what so ever. 

All he’s doing is pointing out that OTHER PEOPLE are IMPLYING that nicotine is harmless like caffeine. 

And contrasting that by also pointing out that those same OTHER people tell minors not to start vaping because nicotine is addictive IMPLYING that it’s harmful. 

The dichotomy is in opposing IMPLICATIONS.
He is making the statement of saying they are opposing ideas.
Yes because that is how they are generally presented.

Summary:
"Nicotine is just as addictive as caffeine."
"Nicotine is as addictive as caffeine" True.
Well being an addict myself.
The only thing going on here.
That is what was addressed, addictiveness.
No, I am correct because caffeine is very addictive.
He did not address harmfulness of caffeine in his two "opposing" statements.
