Original Response:
This is probably a pretty boring post for this sub, but I’m genuinely looking for advice so I figured I’d ask anyway. Also this may sound like I’m asking for financial or legal advice, but I’m honestly not. 

Quick backstory: I’m recently divorced. My ex (40M) is not a bad guy, but not very responsible or motivated. I got sick of being his breadwinner/maid/accountant/chef/surrogate mother and sitting at home alone most nights while he was out smoking weed with his buddies. So we broke up. That’s the short version. 

My relationship with my ex-in laws wasn’t terrible. I think while we were married they were relieved that I was around to be the grown up and take care of their son. So much so that they sent me (rather than him) all of their personal documents, wills, insurance info, pension statements, etc since they knew I’d look after it, while my ex would probably lose it. 

Which is why, when I had a kid, when we set up a registered education fund for our daughter it went under my name as the subscriber/manager. Because we all knew *I* would be the one to keep an eye on it, invest the funds, that sort of thing. My ex-ILs very generously contributed money to it every month as a gift, and so did I. So after a few years there’s now a fair chunk of change in there, about 3/4 of which I’ve locked into GICs. My ex has never contributed anything to it. 

Now that my ex and I have broken up, my ex-MIL emailed me a few weeks ago asking me to take my name off the account and sign it over to my ex. Initially I thought that was ok and said I’d look into it...until I thought about it and realized a) she wanted me to take my name off money *I* had also contributed to my kid’s education and b) my ex wouldn’t do a damn thing to invest that money and help it grow, he would just let it sit there. 

So I sat on my hands for a few weeks until I got a follow up email from MIL saying “Have you done this yet???” I responded no, because I had some questions and concerns and laid them out very succinctly and politely, because I’m trying to keep the waters calm. She responded that she had no idea I “hated” her so much (oh lord, I just said I had some questions....) but maybe the best course would be to have BOTH myself and my ex listed as subscribers on the account. Ok fine, whatever keeps the peace. 

Now here’s where I’m at and would like some advice: I responded to MIL that I would be fine with being the co-manager / subscriber to the account. HOWEVER I said something along the lines of “Have (Ex) reach out to me when he’s figured out the procedure with the bank and when / where the appointment is and I’ll be there.” 

Because here’s the thing; I know that she expects me to be the one to call the bank, to figure out how to get this done, to make an appointment with the bank (while coordinating a time with my ex) and taking time out of my day to go into the bank.....and quite frankly while I know it sounds petty, I’m annoyed that YET again this family is telling me to jump and expecting me to say “how high and can I grab anyone a drink while I’m up?” She wants me to do her a favour (because legally I know I’m on solid ground if I straight out refused) and bend over backwards to accommodate it as well? I swore I was done being a servant to my ex, and now here I am being asked to run errands AGAIN because my ex can’t rouse himself to make a phone call?

I *know* that they’ve been very generous to help contribute to my daughter’s education and I’m grateful for that, but I also have a problem with having these demands put on me because their own son won’t lift a finger. I know I’m going to get another email saying “when will this get done?” because there’s no way my ex will do anything to help tie this off (seriously, the man hadn’t done his taxes in 4 years when we’d met, there’s no way he’s following up on this of his own volition). 

What do I do here? Do I tell her I’m waiting for my ex to get his shit together and call me? Do I just swallow my pride and do it all myself? Do I email the correspondence to my ex and tell him to figure it out? 

Tldr; Ex’s Mom is asking me to sign over daughters education savings (they partially contributed to) to my ex who contributed nothing. 

_EDIT: Thanks so much folks, you’ve given me a lot to ponder. I’m actually feeling a bit more emboldened by your responses and I’m going to put my foot down on this one. Unless she can give me a more compelling reason, I’m not signing anything over or changing anything. My kid’s education takes precedence over me trying to please people who already hate me. Thanks!_
Who has custody of your daughter?  That same person should be the subscriber/manager of that account.  Explain it to your ex-mil that way.  After all, the money is meant for your daughter (her granddaughter).  She cares about her granddaughter's future, right?

As for the expected "when will this get done?" email, just send the same reply you already did.  "Have (Ex) reach out to me when he’s figured out the procedure with the bank and when / where the appointment is and I’ll be there."

You're right, you shouldn't be the one taking care of this.  You are already the manager on this account.  Anyone who wants to be a co-manager needs to initiate the necessary steps.  Keep that boundary firm.

As a side note: is it possible to withdraw that money early?  Is your ex-mil maybe trying to get it back?
We have shared custody. As far as I understand it, these accounts are pretty “locked-in” insofar as only being able to withdraw money for education purposes, so I don’t think she’s after the money. They’re fairly well-off anyway so I doubt they need it. I suspect that maybe she’s worried that I would try to steal it maybe? But aside from that being the scummiest of scumbag moves, I don’t think I could even if I wanted to?
They're not, my dad drained mine when I was 16.
I'm assuming this is an RESP? They can be emptied at anytime by the subscriber.  There are laws regarding what happens to the government matched contributions and growth on the investments gets taxed, but all the contributions can be withdrawn and do not have to go to the child. You also cannot have more than one named subscriber on the account. I personally wouldn't take your name off because (unless instructed under the divorce settlement) because if that account gets emptied you will lose what the government matched and there's no getting that money back (which really is the main advantage to an RESP.
The accounts can be emptied and uses for other things. If you use the money for things other than education expenses, you just loose the tax advantage status and have to pay taxes on your investment earnings. So it’s a bad financial decision to do that because you lose so much money to taxes, but it’s possible to do it. 

Also, kids can have multiple accounts on which they are the beneficiary. If your in-laws want to control the account they are contributing to, the solution is for them to open their own account and manage it along with your ex. You are getting a divorce and an essential part of that is financially separating yourself from the other person. It makes zero sense to jointly own the college fund. Just have two funds.
Aie, I’m sorry that stinks :-(
Ohhhhh I did not know this!
I don't think anyone can convince you putting his name on the account is a bad idea. You say you know him and he wouldn't do that but how sure can you be? 

Did you know he would smoke weed and do nothing for your family when you got married? Or did you just assume "he wouldn't do that"? 

Is this coming from a place of "I really know and trust this guy" or more from a place of "I'll do a lot to avoid conflict even if it means risking my daughters education"? What if he spends it all and then your daughter has to jump through hoops with her grandparents to get college paid for? 

It's not likely he'll spend it out of malice. He'll probably just intend to pay it back later or assume his parents will cover college.
You’re right, I’m not very good at judging what people are capable of. He wouldn’t do anything out of malice but probably mismanagement.
He went after your pension and gets paid child support for 50/50 custody... He has already displayed malice in this divorce.
And thinking back on the actual marriage, did he ever actually contribute 50/50? Given his laziness and irresponsibility, it would seem not. What about 50/50 with regard to the care of OP’s daughter? OP said her ex is crazy about their daughter, but did he actually parent her? School work, meals, baths, play dates, activities, discipline, etc.? Or did he jump in for the fun stuff and leave everything else to OP to manage?

Summary:
What do I do here?
Ohhhhh I did not know this!
You are already the manager on this account.
Do I email the correspondence to my ex and tell him to figure it out?
My ex has never contributed anything to it.
You also cannot have more than one named subscriber on the account.
As for the expected "when will this get done?"
Do I tell her I’m waiting for my ex to get his shit together and call me?
