Original Response:
**UPDATE #1:** [Proof (Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnYPfBkir_E)

&amp;#x200B;

I'm Bishop Robert Barron, founder of Word on Fire Catholic Ministries, Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Los Angeles, and host of the award-winning "CATHOLICISM" series, which aired on PBS. I'm a religion correspondent for NBC and have also appeared on "The Rubin Report," MindPump, FOX News, and CNN.

I've been invited to speak about religion at the headquarters of both Facebook and Google, and I've keynoted many conferences and events all over the world. I'm also a #1 Amazon bestselling author and have published numerous books, essays, and articles on theology and the spiritual life.

My website, [https://WordOnFire.org](https://WordOnFire.org), reaches millions of people each year, and I'm one of the world's most followed Catholics on social media:

\- 1.5 million+ Facebook fans ([https://facebook.com/BishopRobertBarron](https://facebook.com/BishopRobertBarron))

\- 150,000+ YouTube subscribers ([https://youtube.com/user/wordonfirevideo](https://youtube.com/user/wordonfirevideo))

\- 100,000+ Twitter followers ([https://twitter.com/BishopBarron](https://twitter.com/BishopBarron))

I'm probably best known for my YouTube commentaries on faith, movies, culture, and philosophy. I especially love engaging atheists and skeptics in the comboxes.

Ask me anything!

&amp;#x200B;

**UPDATE #2:** Thanks everyone! This was great. Hoping to do it again.
Hello!
What are your thoughts about the nonresponse of Pope Francis to the Vigano letter?  This is day 25 since the letter was communicated.
[deleted]
[removed]
Oh look, a brand new account, how nice to see you
This is no evidence for this claim.
r/quityourbullshit
You know, I can't speak for the Pope.  But for the past several weeks, I've been calling for an objective, transparent, lay-led investigation into the McCarrick scandal.  I think we have to get to the truth for the sake of the victims.

I made two longer videos on the topic here:

[https://youtu.be/ncMEXr60AeI](https://youtu.be/ncMEXr60AeI)

[https://youtu.be/-ani\_hnN8Fs](https://youtu.be/-ani_hnN8Fs)
Yes, please address the lack of response to the letter by the Pope.  Are faithful Bishops coming together to insist he respond to the allegations?
&gt; I'm also guessing OP might not realize what AMA on reddit truly means...

Why do you think that is? Bishop Barron is well versed in online communities. Its not like he is some stodgy 70 year old guy who has never been on a computer
[deleted]
[deleted]
Do you support prosecution of molesters who have been shielded so far from it by the church, or is your viewpoint just a mealy-mouthed "we need to do better in the future"?  And if the former, why aren't more priests actually calling for that?  Do you support prosecution as accessories of those who shielded the molesters?
*deception

sorry
Your Grace, with all due respect, the comment was not asking you to address "the McCarrick scandal."
Thank you! I knew it looked wrong and was too lazy to look it up!
Keep in mind that most of the abuse happened many decades ago, especially during the 1950s-1970s.  So there are many priests who have died, witnesses who have died or don't want to press charges, statutes of limitations that prevent prosecutions, or prosecutors who don't want to take the case because the chances of conviction are so small.

Don't get me wrong: I want any priest who has abused someone to go to jail for a very, very long time.  But it's not as simple as "arrest them and try them."
That's precisely what the Vigano letter was about.  Vigano's letter was about how Cdl. Wuerl knew of the penalties that Pope Emeritus Benedict put in place, but that Wuerl ignored/lifted, even though he knew about it.
The Vigano letter is about the McCarrick Scandal
The Vigano letter referenced in the Comment pertains to the McCarrick scandal. I’d say his response is adequate assuming it’s further addressed in the video links.
&gt;Keep in mind that most of the abuse happened many decades ago

How are we supposed to know that when most of the abuse is covered up?
With respect to your office, I think that many lay people feel that that sort of answer isn't good enough at this point. Francis has clearly refused to answer some very basic questions, and indeed he has bizarrely and repeatedly accused those who wish him to answer as being like Satan. In addition, his allies are in full attack mode - smearing those who wish to get to the bottom of it. More and more priests and bishops, some risking much, are speaking out about this. Will you?
There are plenty of other allegations leveled in the letter that are related indirectly to "the McCarrick scandal" which also beg to be addressed by the Holy Father.
He's not going to address that. Obviously.
It's interesting that you would state that objective investigations are the means to determine truth here, yet the existence of any deity currently has no empirical evidence, and has never had empirical evidence in support of it.

How do you reconcile this?
I think that's a very fair question.  It's why I support each Diocese handing over the keys to their files to a lay entity (i.e. state attorney general, or whoever) and saying, "Take a look.  Please give the keys back when you're done."
But what happens when diocese don't fully disclose.

ArchStL lied to the court in 2014.

I know, because I wasn't on the list they produced.

I assume because they don't want people to know that Cardinal Timothy Dolan is dirty...

- [My Experience with Cardinal Dolan](http://chrisoleary.com/sins/CardinalTimothyDolan.html)

...as is Cardinal Raymond Burke.
*Sexually violent people within the church benefit from the deception and coverup.  As do people who have spent their entire career protecting those who commit sexual crimes at the expense of those they attack.
Rumor has it, Francis has nixed Cardinal DiNardo et.al.'s proposal for lay review board.
Can you speak for God?
Buddy, if you are actually curious about this then are a lot of Catholic resources that answer this question
Cite me a Catholic resource that states objective analysis with empirical evidence the correct way to investigate accusations of crimes but not the correct way to investigate the existence of a God(s), as well as explaining why.
Don’t know what happened but I could not get into the Reddit I AMA live with Bishop Baron today on Reddit, no matter how much I tried. Rather frustrating process as I had subscribed and advance as well.
Wow, when will you guys stop saying that?!  Abuse comes out, but it was many decades ago.  A decade later, more abuse comes out, but it was many decades ago...  and again and again.  This is not to say that the abuse has stopped - it only says that there is a very long delay on it being exposed - for obvious reasons.  It is still happening and you all are in denial.
That's a fair point, but they're the last ones we want to accommodate for

Edit: yes, I know the church is defending them. By "we" I meant people who want justice
&gt;  I think we have to get to the truth for the sake of the victims.

"I want to find the real killer." - OJ Simpson
Great videos, thanks for the encouragement.  I shared both with my men's group, the connected women's group and many others.  I feel that you helped give me direction for my thoughts and emotions on this subject.   Fight for our church!  What a novel idea...  Thank you
I agree, yet if you want to understand why the investigation isn't happening, all you have to do is look at the only people who benefit from their current course of action.
It is not just pederasts. In the US, at least, and in the case of McCarrick specifically, it also included the sexual abuse of his seminarians and other adults, specifically those over whom he was in a position of power. This exact same scenario has been alleged for decades in places like Boston and Baltimore's seminaries, and most recently, similar stories are coming out of Honduras.
Thanks, I edited my original comment.
Did you see the videos? Because I'd like a TL;DW on them.
https://mobile.twitter.com/Americaeditor/status/1033836111766937607

Vigano is full of shit and that’s the reason his letter didn’t have any verifiable specifics. Showing that he is full of shit makes the Church look worse than it does... so no benefit in engaging him.
You may want to ask this in a top level question. Bishop Barron likely isn't adept at reddit.
[removed]
&gt;  But it's not as simple as "arrest them and try them."

It actually is that simple.  If they are alive and it's within the SoL for that jurisdiction then your arrest them, charge them, and try them.  The reason that people say "it's not that simple" is because for decades the Catholic church has lied and covered up crimes, protecting these child rapists, and letting the statute of limitations run out before disclosing anything.

&gt; Keep in mind that most of the abuse happened many decades ago, especially during the 1950s-1970s.

No, it didn't.  Do you really believe that all of the sexual assaults and rapes magically stopped in the 1980s?  There's literally nothing in the church that changed during that period to prevent these sorts of assaults, and to this day almost nothing has changed.  The church is still largely protective of pedophile priests because it doesn't want to be held liable for their actions.  [The diocese of Brooklyn just settled cases with 4 victims for $27.5 million dollars.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/09/18/nyregion/catholic-church-sex-abuse-settlement-brooklyn.html)  That was just 4 victims.  There were over 1000 victims documented in the Pennsylvania AG report, and many more victims who came forward after that report was made public.  We are looking at quite literally tens of thousands of victims in the United States alone, abused by thousands of priests.  Do you see what their legal liability looks like now?

The reason why people think that this was largely a problem of the past is because when the church has disclosed these cases, they are largely disclosing only cases where the SoL is expired or where the perpetrators have died.  Absolutely nothing in the church has changed in the 80s, 90s, or 00s to deter pedophile priests or the church officials who are putting the church's interests first.  Why would you assume that this stopped being a problem since then?
Lay led....oh you naughty beast
The crux of it was not that Cardinal Wuerl knew.  It's that everyone, up to very-high ranking members of the Curia and up to three popes knew, and NOBODY BUT NOBODY DID ANYTHING ABOUT IT. When Benedict did  a little something, he was summarily ignored, and his successor rehabbed McCarrick.  The Vigano testimony is not *fundamentally* about McCarrick, but rather about the actions not taken by extremely powerful men, including the Roman Pontiff.
I didn't appreciate how you framed the report in the first video as the disgusting incident and I don't believe you meant it to sound like you were dismissing the legitimacy of its claims but that's exactly what it sounded like. Your position further reflected this dismissal in the second video when you talked about repairing the image of the Church rather than helping these victims. 

This is why people want to leave the church. Lip service and prayer is insufficient. What have you done in your own church to address this problem?
Obviously.
&gt;TL;DW

No. I've watched a number of his theology videos. But like you, I'm not sure I have the patience for the ones above. I assume they're just longer versions of his Reddit statement.
It's currently going on. If you're unfamiliar with the format, it's, hopefully, an active back and forth of Q&amp;A between the OP and the commenters in the chat. I'm not sure if you were expecting something else.
No, because they are never called out to change their ways. They persist in their evil and criminal ways which just further diminishes them as people. Catholics would say they are never called to repentence and will be more likely to lose their souls. That's not a benefit. (But this is just a philosophical type of answer, not a practical/policy oriented one.)
Your time is valuable, I'm not denying that, but I disagree with this sentiment of needing a summarized tidbit for an answer. Especially an answer to a question such as the ones being asked. If at all possible, I'd think it would be fruitful to watch the video (I haven't done so yet - working) rather than asking for a snippet. Because snippets can be inaccurate.
I also disagree with OP's opinion that a "lay led" investigation is sufficient. Let's get some professionals to take a look.
And from a Christian perspective, even they don't benefit from it. Having a sin go undiscovered is not beneficial for the one committing the sin
May I ask, how can you talk about whether "that sort of answer" is "good enough", if you have not watched the video responses and therefore have no idea what "that sort of answer" actually is?
Lol... So you're saying the actions of people with power in the Catholic church only makes sense if many powerful people with the church don't actually believe the church teachings and just use Catholic doctrine as a way to gain power over other people.

Bold take, but I won't argue with you.
&gt; Absolutely nothing in the church has changed in the 80s, 90s, or 00s to deter pedophile priests

Massive reforms were implemented in there 00s actually. This is a big part of the reason for so few cases since then we hope.
Does this have similiar to what Luther faced 501 years ago in your opinion?
They're not the last ones the church wants to accommodate for, obviously.
Saying that some abuse can't be prosecuted makes no point.  Much abuse can.
Well, obviously I'm replying to his answer as written. He could have written anything but he chose to write that. And of course, it's a Reddit conversation that he himself set up. I'm not sure why anyone should be required to watch more of his ubiquitous videos in order to be allowed to comment on the issue or his views on it.
Sorry, I don't understand?  I don't see a connection.
Such as?  Are priests mandatory reporters?  Nope.  Does the church require a claim of abuse to be reported to secular authorities (you know, those who specialize in such criminal prosecutions) for investigation?  Nope.  All we had in the 00s is a lot of hand-wringing, the Pope calling it "an American problem", and a lot of lip-service about "we have to do better in the future".  But where the boots are on the ground there have been no substantial changes, and the abuse still thrives.

[Here's](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/09/18/nyregion/catholic-church-sex-abuse-settlement-brooklyn.html) a case from the 00s that just settled for $27.5 million.
I agree. 

Bishop Barron, would you comment on the Vigano letter? Do you find any reason to disbelieve it?
And, by all means, if it can be -- go for it.
Or to put it another way, do you think that in order to intelligently reply to some comment I made that you should first be required to watch 32 minutes of my own video content?
I have an uncle that was a former catholic priest, he was excommunicated back in the 90s for being vocally against those who committed these crimes.
Upon what evidence do you base your opinion?

So far, I have seen nothing to suggest such a response from any diocese or priest. Quite the contrary.
What does lay led mean anyway?
The church should take the lead by immediately revealing molestation and molesters that it had previously concealed, else all this talk of "doing better" is just so much bullshit.  That is my point.  I am not personally able to prosecute offending priests, so once again your reply seems irrelevant.
You open a huge can of worms there. If a Priest confesses to abuse in a confession to another priest/Bishop then Canon Law and law in most countries say that info is forever sealed. And the priest hearing the confession cannot take any action either. They are trapped into shielding and that can really destroy them emotionally. As for cover-up by accessories, did someone know it who was not ethically and spiritually bound(i.e. a lay person)? If so then yes they should be prosecuted assuming they were of age when they gained the info.
By "lay" he means people who are not clergy (i.e. not priests, bishops, cardinals, monks, etc.)
Google sez: "A lay leader is a member of the laity in any congregation who has been chosen as a leader either by their peers or the leadership of the congregation."

The laity of a church are its members, committees, etc.  

So basically he's saying the Member's of the church need to investigate the clergy (correct me if I'm wrong).   I would think a neutral party or law enforcement or anyone but their own peeps is better.
Oh, well in that case we already had a news report investigation. Guess we can just go ahead and accept that
Interesting, never heard it used that way before
[removed]
You can't speak for the Pope, but he is the voice of God, and I guess God doesn't give a damn. 

Do you justify this as some test from God? It's okay for Children to get molested, systematically and with the cover of your church, so long as it is God's will? Do you really believe this?

Edit: Oh sorry, demonic elements.. my bad it's Satan. Take some responsibility for your own actions FFS
/r/MurderedByWords but very polite and respectful. I like it.
Why lay-led? The Pope is an absolute sovereign; he could summon them, inquisit them, defrock them, and excommunicate them.

I do actually think it's the laity's job to police priests. If you agree let's go discuss it at the nearest Presbyterian synod, but if not how about you guys bell book and candle some pederasts already -- what's the point of top-down ecclesiarchy without top-down millstones?
Good luck with those comboxes, Bishop.

&amp;#x200B;
McCarrick seems to have benefitted a great deal
His answer as written includes two links to longer videos expounding on his position. How can you say you're responding to his answer as written when you've dismissed an enormous portion of it out of hand?
Subpoena them. Try anyone who doesn't comply with the subpoena for obstruction.
&gt;I would only add for the sake of anything. No one benefits from deception and coverup.

FTFY
Only if you indicated that your comment was quite long and consisted of said video content, as the Bishop did.
&gt; we have to get to the truth

LOL. The track record of religious people getting to the truth is pretty low, but thanks for trying.
I prefer not editing my comments, for authenticity, so I'll reply again with an update.

I've managed to watch the video during my lunch break, and I've highlighted the questions (paraphrasing) that were asked between the Bishop and a Word on Fire employee. If any of these questions interest you, then I would recommend giving the video a watch. Honestly, I'd give the video a watch anyway. 

1. What was your initial response to the McCormick/Study news?
2. How does this crisis compare to crisis in the past?
3. How important is it to keep the focus on the victims of the crimes and specifically calling out the specific crimes being committed? [rather than dancing around the details]
4. What's your take on clerical-ism being the cause of this scandal?
5. Beyond focusing on victims, how do these crimes affect the greater Body of Christ?
6. Reaction to proposition of solving the problem by removing all Bishops in US?
7. Do you still stand by original proposal to petition the Vatican for a lay-led commission to deeply investigate scandals?
8. How ought the People of God respond, spiritually?
9. What was initial reaction to Letter (Archbishop Vigano) &amp; where do we go from here?
10. What role does Jesus come into play in a crisis of this magnitude?
11. Any final word or last thoughts on the abuse crisis?

God bless.
I have no idea where you got that. I don't even think we're talking about the same thing. I... am sorry I didn't communicate that better... 

I just meant that, in very broad and general terms, if a person is *not stopped from sinning*, that is generally *bad for the person* because, for example, they might go to hell because of it. They might think it's good for them to keep doing the bad things they want to do, but it is not. That's all I meant...
[removed]
/u/bishopbarron sure as hell did. Along with the rest of his ilk.
A layperson is a nonordained church member. There's no mutual exclusion between "lay" and "professional." It makes good sense to get members of the church to do the investigation, as it lends credence to the investigation being seen as an internal action to combat corruption instead of being dismissed as a witch hunt by external forces. 

If a lay-led investigation fails to gain access and the Church is shown to be unwilling to submit to its own internal investigation, then it's time to think about calling in the outside investigators to scorch some earth.
&gt; Such as?

You can find a significant amount of information [here](http://www.la-archdiocese.org/org/protecting/Pages/default.aspx) for the Diocese I am part of.  In particular [this report](http://www.la-archdiocese.org/org/protecting/safeguard/Pages/default.aspx) and [this brochure](http://www.la-archdiocese.org/org/protecting/safeguard/Documents/2018%20Working%20Together%20English%20FINAL.pdf).

&gt;Are priests mandatory reporters?

Yes, see the brochure I linked.

&gt;Does the church require a claim of abuse to be reported to secular authorities (you know, those who specialize in such criminal prosecutions) for investigation?

Yes, see the report I linked.  In fact, if the statute of limitations have expired and law enforcement decline to investigate, the Diocese has a retired FBI investigator contracted to do the investigation so as much of the truth can be brought to light as possible even without criminal conviction.

&gt; Nope. All we had in the 00s is a lot of hand-wringing, the Pope calling it "an American problem", and a lot of lip-service about "we have to do better in the future". But where the boots are on the ground there have been no substantial changes, and the abuse still thrives.

A lot has actually been done.  I can't speak for every diocese, but I know in Los Angeles very significant reforms were implemented and as for as I know everyone is supposed to be pushing these same reforms in the US.  This is one reason why when the scandal his in Pennsylvania, so few cases happened after 2002.

&gt;Here's a case from the 00s that just settled for $27.5 million.

That case is horrible and tragic, but it is not representative of everything that has happened.  There is likely very little you can do to prevent 100% of abuse cases from ever happening.  They happen in all walks of life and it's terrible.  What you can do is minimize the opportunity, bring to justice those responsible, and eliminate the systemic cover-up that allowed abusers to get away with it before.  Not everything is perfect, and clearly some bishops and cardinals still need to be brought to justice, but that doesn't mean "othing in the church has changed in the 80s, 90s, or 00s".
In which countries is it against secular law for a priest to report a child molester who confessed to him?

Fuck canon law if it's used to shield child molesters, and fuck the emotional pain of being "forced" to shield child molesters.  Go tell Jesus how you thought His will would be to keep child molesters in positions of authority over children.
&gt;Such as?  Are priests mandatory reporters?  Nope.  Does the church require a claim of abuse to be reported to secular authorities (you know, those who specialize in such criminal prosecutions) for investigation?  Nope

Those have all been required and implemented ever since the 2002 Dallas Charter reforms.  You are confused.

It is a matter of fact that the abuse peaked in the 70s and 80s and has declined dramatically ever since.  This was confirmed by the PA Grand Jury report.
Are the videos monetized? I smell some BS in the air I'm not about to take a bite of it.
We need the truth for the sake of the victims, sure. But also for all of humanity.
The weakness in your argument is that the "brotherhood" of the Crips and Bloods are formed for the sole purpose of committing crimes, denigrating society and injuring others and those who join them are in league with that career choice. The vast majority of priests join the brotherhood of priests to serve Christ and their fellow men for good. It is shocking that you can't see that simple difference.

The sick, maligned and sociopathic men that infiltrated the priesthood and committed these atrocities, thinking they could become a priest simply by donning a chasuble and lying through their teeth when taking their vows, are akin to those very Crips and Bloods you seem to have such an affinity for. They obviously sought out the priesthood to prey on young boys, to do perverse evil, to satisfy their sick sexual "lifestyle". They are no different than the coaches, teachers, counselors, boy scout leaders, etc who seek those professions with the same evil agenda in mind.

That you can't see the absurdity and stupidity of your attempt to draw a parallel between some jerk who has knowingly chosen to join a gang and a decent young man who has aspired to the priesthood and never hurt anyone in their lives is beyond pathetic, or even believable. In case I need to clarify for you what a decent young man is, (undoubtedly a foreign concept to you) it is the vast majority of men who have become priests.

Yes, these are bad, rotten, scumbag "priests" that victimized and raped young boys. Should be thrown in jail to rot. If another priest or bishop knew about it, throw him in too. But a blanket generalization of ALL priests and bishops as being in on the crime? Not likely.

Don't worry about having any visitors, pal. Based on your foul language, which serves only to reveal your thinly disguised self-loathing, I doubt anyone would want to step foot into your, undoubtedly unpleasant abode.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
It's a quote from Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri. I cut and paste it but I'm glad you typed a nice response. Have a great day!
Assuming they actually believe in sin.
r/woosh
Well the rapists that the Church covers for have benefited immensely.
I've read about this controversy in the Catholic press.  So, here's some details for people not up on it.

First, you have to understand that Pope Francis is really changing things from the old ways.  One difference is that he preaches  compassion for gays, instead of the old "you will burn in hell for being gay" view.  That's upsetting some of the old guard catholics.  (See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pope_Francis_and_homosexuality  also here's an example of his views on atheism https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dP6cBMSEg6c )

One of the main ways the Pope influences the church is by appointing Cardinals.  Pope Francis has been appointing liberal Cardinals who share these modern views.

Vigano is part of the old guard. Many of them share a view that a secret cabal of homosexual bishops and cardinals is running things and ruining the Catholic church.  They believe that this homosexual cabal is behind all the child molestation and cover ups that followed.  They equate the Pope's modern views of homosexuality with  child molestation.

Vigano is a bishop who was passed over for being promoted to Cardinal, partially because he doesn't share these modern views.  He's not alone, as in any organization, many people are passed over for promotion for many different reasons.  Those passed over often have a grudge.  He's just the loud mouth of the crowd.

So, Vigano is using the child molestation issue to imply that anyone that shares Pope Francis views is a homosexual and should resign.  That way, the church will return to its old ways of condemning homosexuals to burning in hell.

Pope Francis did respond to the letter in an interview the day it was published.  He said something like, "i'm not going to dignify this letter with a single word.  you journalists can figure out what's going on."
Honest question: why doesn't the Pope use his infallibility hat? Doesn't it seem like it's a good time for it?
Ultimately though, I believe, those sexually violent people will not be truly happy with themselves and especially after they go into the spiritual world, they will regret their actions towards others and seek a better lifestyle.
If only the Catholic church shared your view.
Wow.  No, that's not really what's happening at all. The sex abuse scandal is not a conservative conspiracy against the Pope.

Child abusers have been protected because their politics were in line with those of the current Pope.  Liberals and conservatives alike were blowing the whistle on McCarrick.
Isn't the fact that cases are being reported from more recently evidence that at least something has changed?
It is disgusting that America Magazine would go to such lengths to protect predators and discredit abuse allegations.
And Germany as well. It seems to be a systematic problem
USA courts generally respect the priest-pentient relationship. Just like lawyer-client.
I’m pretty sure the Church knew about but ignored McCarrick’s crimes. There is no evidence of any action taken against him before Francis. Vigano has a history of blaming everything on a gay conspiracy in the Church, which was part of the reason he was made Ambassador to the US, to get him out of the Vatican. His name was on a bunch of secret records leaked in 2011 about similar things happening in the Vatican before Francis was Pope.
Lawyer-client privilege is encoded within the law and affirmed by the United States Supreme Court.

Priest-penitent privilege isn't so enshrined, and in no event are priests legally *required* to keep silent given knowledge of child molestation.  They can encourage the "penitent" (what a word to apply!) to turn himself in, and they can speak up themselves.  If child molestation matters to the Catholic church in any meaningful sense, there can be no hiding behind that tattered curtain.
And if your calls go unheeded, what are your plans? Will you stay a faithful servant of a global criminal syndicate or what?
If "lay-led investigation" means anything other than police investigation you're contributing to the cover up of the sex crimes of your coworkers.
Er, it's called the Dallas Charter, actually. Google it
&gt; They are trapped into shielding and that can really destroy them emotionally.

Cry me a fucking river
Because the entire exercise is insanely "partisan".  That much is obvious as shit just from reading a couple stories on it.
I know, hence my comments.  Perhaps you meant to respond to the person before me?
&gt;I’m pretty sure the Church knew about but ignored McCarrick’s crimes. 

Hence the Vigano letter.

&gt;There is no evidence of any action taken against him before Francis.

We both know that isn't true.  Pope Benedict XVI imposed sanctions against Mccarrick, and as a result, Mccarrick disappeared from public life during that papacy. He only reappeared in public after Pope Francis was elected.  Given the track record of disobedience among American Vat-II bishops, it's amazing that he ever complied with Pope Benedict's sanctions in the first place.

&gt;Vigano has a history of blaming everything on a gay conspiracy in the Church, which was part of the reason he was made Ambassador to the US, to get him out of the Vatican. His name was on a bunch of secret records leaked in 2011 about similar things happening in the Vatican before Francis was Pope.

I would love to see a source for that -- something a little less biased than America Magazine though.
He might be at work, and can't watch videos at the moment.
&gt; Isn't the fact that cases are being reported from more recently evidence that at least something has changed?

No, because it's not the church doing the reporting.  If you look at the case I referenced above, it was reported by a parent of one of the victims rather than by anyone in the diocese, despite the fact that at least two priests in the parish were aware of the abuse.  Here's some comments from the judge (Lynch and Shannon are both priests):

&gt; “The record is clear that Lynch and Shannon had knowledge that for years Serrano often had several boys, including plaintiff, sleep over at his apartment,” Justice Loren Baily-Schiffman of Kings County Supreme Court wrote in her 2017 order dismissing the church’s motion for summary judgment of the case. “In fact, both Lynch and Shannon testified that they visited Serrano on numerous occasions when young boys were present.”

And then more background from the article:

&gt; In a deposition, Father Lynch testified that he saw Mr. Serrano kiss an 8- or 9-year-old boy on the mouth and inappropriately embrace the boy.

&gt; A church secretary, Beatrice Ponnelle, who shared an office with Mr. Serrano, also testified about questionable behavior. She said that although the church had a rule that children were not allowed to be left alone in the office with a staff member, boys as young as 7 or 8 would come into the office to do their homework while sitting on Mr. Serrano’s lap. When she left for the day, he would be the only adult in the office with the boys, Justice Baily-Schiffman wrote.

So...nobody associated with the church reported the incidents, the abuse went from 2003-2009 before one of the victims told a parent, and it was the parent who reported them to authorities.  I wonder what else was going on during that time?  Well...the Boston Globe broke the news about John Geoghan (story told in the movie Spotlight) in 2002.  According to /u/SerjoHlaaluDramBero, the "Dallas Charter reforms" were implemented in 2002, under which those priests and diocesan employees should have been reporting the abuse.  In fact, the last big wave of Catholic Church child rape cases all came out in the early 00s, and the case in Brooklyn happened after that.

So has anything changed?  Nothing but lip service.  When the PA AG's office released their grand jury report a few weeks back, they also set up a hotline for people to report additional cases.  According to the AG's office they've received hundreds of calls about additional cases, so many that they had to borrow staff from other departments to help man the hotlines.  You can bet there's going to be a lot more cases coming forward, hopefully with actual prosecutions.

And since then several other states have initiated investigations and opened hotlines, which have been similarly swamped.  But if you look at Missouri, only one Archdiocese (St. Louis) has initially agreed to participate by providing records to the investigations.  The Diocese of Kansas City-St. Joseph basically said we'll have our attorney's review any requests, while the Diocese of Springfield-Cape Girardeau has said they're going to do their own investigation.  Since in Missouri the AG doesn't have the power to subpoena the records, it sounds like most of the state will be off limits to him.  Kinda makes you wonder what they're hiding...
You are correct that the scandal is not a conservative conspiracy against the Pope. I wouldn't call it a conspiracy actually because it's not secretive in that sense; everyone knows what everyone's doing. It's more human politics than secret conspiracy, with Doublespeak and Newspeak, "weaponizing" of previously unrelated situations, etc. There is a conservative *faction* that is *using* the sex abuse scandal against the Pope. There's layers and layers here, and it's complicated, like an onion, or an ogre, or the Tor browser.
&gt; Those have all been required and implemented ever since the 2002 Dallas Charter reforms.

[Too bad not every diocese signed on to the Dallas Charter.](https://apnews.com/2346df18db614644a43ee34be17ca696)  No need to wonder what they were afraid of, eh?
what letter are you talking about? Do you have a link? I haven’t heard about it until now
If by laypeople you mean members of a law enforcement agency, then I’m with you. Anything less is an insult to the victims who’ve put up with this mess.
This is true for all Christian and Judaism based religions, not just Catholics. The Catholic Church is the largest religious institution and lots of people see it as the main influence on things outside of the religious world (governments, culture, et cetera). If it doesn't fix its problems and get on track, it will hurt Jews and Christians too.
Here’s my issues with what’s happened thus far (and appears to show no signs of rectifying):

Why are there not thousands upon thousands of priests/brothers/monsignors/bishops/cardinals lining up to denounce and decry what’s been happening within the church for as long as there’s been victims to tell the tale? 

Your uncle is one way to look at it, however, one must wonder if the mere act itself by those in these positions is what’s keeping lines that are miles long from making a public outcry that the ‘lay’ members of the community would fully embrace. 

For the record, I do believe there’s a good percentage of those that look upon your uncle’s repercussions and think the better of it, but *as a person in the position of ‘authority’, and the self-appointed leaders of their flocks* shouldn’t they be the first to stand up and denounce the atrocities? 

We were in the Catholic Church for generations, and it really did pain our family to ultimately walk away, so I can understand (somewhat, anyhow) that walking away from the only thing you’ve known for a good chunk of your life would be daunting. However, knowing that there’s literally thousands (that we know of) of abusers walking your ranks that have caused very real damage to so many people and are still being sheltered within the church would be something I would like to think would at least give you pause. 

How does one continue to labor under the delusion that ‘it’s okay because it’s not me, so therefore I’m not a part of it’ knowing what you know?

I’d love to discuss this further and get more of your uncles insight if you have it. I’m intrigued and (obviously) still very angry over the manner in which the church has handled matters and the myriad of ‘professionals’ that seem far too willing to ignore the facts.
I’d say, at least to an extent, yes.

Martin Luther saw through the charade of the Catholic Church and abandoned his faith in them to procure an entirely separate religion that had a basis in Catholicism, but in no way reflected the issues that got him to the point of defection. 

Why on earth would your rather well-intentioned question be downvoted? Some days I really struggle to understand Reddit fr
I don´t think nothing.
Hey man, it's only been like 2000 years, I think we need a little more evidence first. /s
JFC this.

Due to the utter stupidity and lack of integrity from the church, there’s undoubtedly abuses occurring *right this minute* that, for whatever reason, won’t see the light of day for about a decade and could very well be stopped right this minute, but yeah... let’s just pretend it’s all better for a few years and see where that leads us.
u/BishopBarron
Please tell us of these miraculous reforms that are so massive in nature?

I guarantee that by this time ten years in the future, we’ll see another set of victims coming out of the darkness and dealing with the exact same nonsense from the Catholic Church.
To third quote: Bunch of articles in NCR but they are left of MSNBC.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vatican_leaks_scandal Probably has less biased sources.
[deleted]
I did, in [this comment here](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9h5oi0/im_a_catholic_bishop_and_philosopher_who_loves/e69k796/) if you had just read one comment down.  It was called the Dallas Charter.
&gt; All we had in the 00s is a lot of hand-wringing, the Pope calling it "an American problem", and a lot of lip-service about "we have to do better in the future". 

Dear God, the whole ‘Le sigh, America ruins everything’ trope was so incredibly disgusting. 

The sheer volume of cases that came out since the scandals ‘broke’ in Ireland, Brazil, etc., and there’s never been an apology to Americans for this incredibly reticent statement. 

I honestly don’t care tbh, because I do believe that Americans were the largest impetus for the scandal coming into the world stage of awareness, but oml all this shit is commonly accepted knowledge and yet there’s really nothing of substance that’s changed.
Thank you, I was literally ded reading the extremely condescending reply to your post. 

Makes you wonder how hard some are trying to go out of their fucking way to weirdly excuse the abhorrent behavior of these fucking deviants. 

One of my favorite movies in a good while and OML does that quote fit here.
Yeah this is the shit that really made me question my faith, in general. 

What kind of *loving God* allows this absolutely disgusting behavior to not only continue but fucking prosper in his name? 

When you have to counter this nonsense with ‘God’s will’ and ‘God doesn’t work like that’ I have a tendency to nope the fuck out.
There must be a solution to this...
[deleted]
What kind of answer would you prefer?
wtf is this garbage AMA, your answers are max 2 sentence long, and for the one question that *had* to be answered you link to 2 videos?

You call yourself philosopher dude? Really..
https://www.catholicnewsagency.com/news/benedict-vigan-francis-and-mccarrick-where-things-stand-on-nuncios-allegations-42199

To the second quote, it was at best a private request to lay low. Nothing official. Probably why Wuerlz played dumb.
Really? seems pretty clear I was right.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Priest–penitent_privilege#United_States
All right, I didn't ask because I want to defend the church, I asked because I legitimately want to know. I'm not sure why I have a cavalcade of downvotes.
The Vigano letter is a farce.

https://www.theatlantic.com/international/archive/2018/08/vigano-letter-pope-francis/569074/

**Edit:** Apparently, so too are you.

Your post history is this single question, and I find it absurdly suspicious that you're the top question for such a politically-driven, out of the mainstream query.
&gt; The sheer volume of cases that came out since the scandals ‘broke’ in Ireland, Brazil, etc., and there’s never been an apology to Americans for this incredibly reticent statement. 

And Africa, and Australia, and Germany, and most other countries where there is a significant church presence.

&gt;  I do believe that Americans were the largest impetus for the scandal coming into the world stage of awareness, but oml all this shit is commonly accepted knowledge and yet there’s really nothing of substance that’s changed.

Yup.  And as bad as Americans had it, Ireland had it far worse.  And they were the most catholic country in the world.
***Hijacking this reply to point out that the user who asked the top question is a brand new account with that comment being its sole comment.***

Reeks of fuckery.
Our family is very *very* Irish- I traced our ancestry with pinpoint accuracy to a small village in Cork, and have been in contact with a number of relatives there ever since, about twenty years ago. 

The reason I mention this is, we got to talking a decade or so ago, specifically about the abuse scandal, and was reluctantly introduced to the absolutely appalling scandal in Ireland. As bad as it is here, multiply it times a billion for Ireland.
Remember when people thought he was the "cool" pope?
Your point is that priests can't (always) be compelled to testify.

In some jurisdictions, perhaps.  In others, they may if they so choose (going by your own link).  And if they may, they must if the Catholic church is claiming to confront child molestation in any meaningful way.  Hiding zip-lipped behind whatever privileges pertain can't be reconciled with lip service about protecting children.

It is certainly not the case that priest-penitent privilege is anywhere near as widespread nor as enshrined as attorney-client privilege.
Who doesn't use uBlock/Adblock in 2018?
I can't give you a completely satisfactory answer, but there is one thing to note.

For anything like a sexual crime, murder, etc., the priest hearing the Confession is generally* supposed to give the confessing Catholic as penance the requirement to turn themselves in to law enforcement. If the person doesn't complete their penance, the Confession isn't complete.

Granted, there are all sorts of circumstances where this can go wrong, but it is not correct to say that Confession 100% traps a priest into shielding a criminal.

*I haven't been through seminary or anything, but I can guarantee you that in any serious catechetical study, including that which a priest in formation goes through, the question has been asked, "What if a person confesses a horrendous crime?" This is the given and morally correct answer.
Hey you say you are here to dialogue but you tend to just drop an answer then walk out. Thats not dialogue man. people are validly refuting your points and then its crickets. This just enhances my image of the catholic church paying only lip service to these things and really only caring about there own reputation instead of the victims.
watch... them... later?
Oh yeah, 100% chance there's some shenanigans going on here.
Whats so screwy about that? some people lurk and dont like having much post history on there main account. Also thats a pretty big issue right now in the church
Pretty sure this logic comes from Aquinas, but I could be wrong.

Definition: God is all-powerful and exists outside of time and space.
(This is a postulate in Catholicism, so if you disagree, the argument can stop at this point.)

Definition: Science (objective analysis being a part of it) is the human-led method by which humanity discovers things about the universe, and it is limited by the universe.

Definition: The universe is bound by time and space.

Therefore, science is not capable of defining something outside of the universe.

Therefore, science simply cannot prove or disprove God's existence.
[deleted]
If you cannot prove or disprove the claim, (Heck its a step further than that because there isn't even any evidence at all which you can experiment upon which even **indicates** let alone proves.) why accept it as true?
Do you think that the church should open up their files on pedophile priests and turn known offenders over to the law to face the consequences of their actions? I feel like at various times, people in the church have said the right things, but then go on to continue to defend and protect known offenders which sends a pretty clear message: if you keep abusing, we'll use our formidable power to protect you!
That's not effective if he wanted to take place in the conversation then, as the more time goes by the more likely it is the conversation stops/peters out.
[deleted]
Germany's different.  In Germany, it actually is mostly pedophiles. Here in the US, the majority of clerical abuse cases are male-on-post-pubescent-male. In Germany, it runs the gamut.
that BS should have been apparent as soon as he made that secret trip to visit Kim Davis
I imagine some people take issue with "refer to x video on YouTube where I can generate revenue."

The idea for an ama is to have a conversation not have the person give video links that will benefit their channel.

I don't care either way but I'm guessing that's the logic.
Do you have any source to this? Not doubting but I heard him adress this. One thing that needs to be understood, is that a lot of innocent people were sewed to this shit and that these old cardinals and vatican people are ruthless and some got power drunk. 
So pulling the 'fabric' without cutting the innocents will not only destroy the church but will help those who are indeed guilty given how murky it all would become and how unreliable the witnesses would become.
With respect, this is a completely unacceptable response to the ongoing crisis of mass sexual abuse in the Catholic Church. More investigations?

No, it’s too late for investigations - those should have happened 20 years ago.

If I had any question at all for you, again with respect, what are your thoughts on how Catholicism even survives short-term, such as over the next 75 years.

A lot of old institutions are coming down.
☝️
Uh oh, porn scandal!

https://theintercept.com/2018/09/17/cyrus-sanai-federal-court-employees-attempted-to-come-forward-to-chuck-grassley-and-dianne-feinstein-neither-responded/
Do you agree with this conservative line of Catholic critique that seems to be blaming homosexual clergy and basically is acting like Pope Francis is completely at fault for everything?
I am not sure you are right, I am not Catholic and not a priest. Assuming you are right that would seem to sever the seal on the relationship and that does not seem to be the case.
by get to the truth do you mean prosecute the priests involved like you would any other child molester, ie: Jerry Sandusky?  Or more of just "ok we know now.. sorry"
...which was actually set up by Vigano (the guy who wrote the letter) without the Pope's knowledge.  He had no idea who she was.
I did not say it was as “enshrined” in common law but it is in Church Law. A Priest who violates the sacrement of Confession is immediately and without appeal defrocked and forfeits his position along with his pension. And may be excommunicated as well. That is a harsh punishment.  Until Canon Law allows mitigation of punishment due to circumstances such as criminal acts you will not see many priests turning in anyone.  The thought is there is no sin that cannot be forgiven and if sins of any ilk were made public then no one repents, no one is forgiven and the priest and his sinners both are bound for Hell. Does a priest do what is “right” in tbe eyes of Society or what is right in the eyes of God as defined by the Pope who is the hand of God on Earth? Do good now and face eternal damnation? The Church holds fast to this doctrine and likely always will.
&gt;Whats so screwy about that?

**Because the account is brand new.**

&gt;some people lurk and dont like having much post history on there main account.

**If you look at the account you can see that it's not even a week old yet, meaning it was very likely created for this AMA to pop this specific question.**

&gt;Also thats a pretty big issue right now in the church

**No, it's really not.**
[deleted]
You said that it was, quote, "like lawyer-client" privilege in terms of the weight given it by the legal system.  That is false.

As others have explained, it is within the church's power, and within the power of priests hearing confession, to not only not shield child molesters, but to suggest or force them to deal with secular authorities.  They can do this without running afoul of doctrine.

Without doing so, the church's words on the subject are as meaningless as your equivocations.
Put simply, faith. And many philosophical claims out there point to something greater than our universe. We just aren't able to use science to prove it.
Because a Christian God is outside science, there is just as much scientific evidence for His existence as there is against. So why accept it as false?
So then simply put, it's true because you "feel" it is.

Well, that's an objectively horrible reason to conclude anything is true.

As for why accept it as false, I don't. I accept it as "not true." which isn't the same thing. In the same way that not guilty is not the same as innocent. There's a reason we use words like that in court settings.
How does it sever the seal of Confession? The seal is one-way: the priest cannot speak about what is confessed. The penance given is for reparation, and if a just law was broken, why shouldn't that reparation include the corresponding societal punishment?
Well he’s obviously not doing much work anyways so might as well watch the vids
It's also not false because you feel it is.
Faith on its own is objectively horrible, sure. That's why faith and reason are both central to Catholic theology.

If this interests you, there are plenty of resources out there. A good one is Fr. Robert Spitzer, SJ, who has debated Stephen Hawking in the past. He has a website [here](https://www.magiscenter.com/).
I didn't claim it was false. That's the difference. Anyone religious is making a claim of truth. I am not making any claim, I'm rejecting theirs.
[removed]
Well, if you're actively saying something is not true, you're either saying that something is false or that it's an opinion. And making the claim about the existence of a God is certainly not an opinion type of statement. By its nature, such a claim must be either true or false.
Have people peddle lies they don't believe whilst denying them access to sex.

It's like a recipe for disaster.

Absolutely systemic.
...well that's pretty damn noteworthy!
Sure it must be either true or false.

Just like someone must be either guilty or innocent of a crime.
We don't find people to be "innocent" though. We find them not guilty.

If you claim the existence of God is true, and I REJECT that claim as being sufficient to conclude truth, that does not mean I think it is false. I have not made a claim and the burden of proof is upon the claimant.

My answer for a God existing is that there is no objective reason at all to conclude one does exist. Which is not the same as the claim as saying one does not exist.

The same applies for every single supernatural being ever conceived. I would presume you don't believe leprechauns exist? Or other gods different to whatever religion you tie to if you do believe one. You don't accept every single faith based claim as true because not accepting that as true is the **default position**
&gt;peters out.

Hehe.  You said [Peters](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Peter) out.
You're going to adblock a man of God?
&gt; Or to put it another way, do you think that in order to intelligently reply to some comment I made that you should first be required to watch 32 minutes of my own video content? 

That depends, you're the one who said his answer was shit without watching the videos he said that are his answer.

You said his answer wasn't good enough when he gave you the shortened version, which had the longer version attached to it.

So yeah, if your answer to a question is a 32 minute video, and I were to come back and say "yeah but your answer is shit, you got anything else?" without watching your video, you could quite rightfully and easily tell me top piss off.
I was kind of sad not to see a double entendre with that "smoking that pipe" reference.
&gt;The idea for an ama is to have a conversation not have the person give video links that will benefit their channel.

Put an adblocker on, suddenly that juicy revenue from the view he would get on youtube is gone. 

&gt; I imagine some people take issue with "refer to x video on YouTube where I can generate revenue." 

That isn't what happened though. He answered, and because it was a short answer that probably requires a lot of though, he gave links to a longer video that explains a much more thought out and detailed answer.

If you 'take issue' with someone thoroughly answering your question, then why bother asking?
Well said, thank you. It would be nice to see an actual response about this from anyone working for the church.
I see. I can't provide any evidence to make you take a stance on something that you don't want to.

And I agree that the same claim exists. The difference is in the definition of whichever supernatural being exists. Those that are defined as being within space and time can be scientifically disproven. For those that are not, science alone is not enough, and so philosophy comes into play. For at least the Christian God, enough consistent philosophy exists to give the possibility that He exists. For most of those other creatures, the philosophy and study either doesn't exist or is logically inconsistent.
I don't deny the possibility. The issue is when you claim it as true. Which all the main religions do.

I also don't deny the possibility of leprechauns however, which should put into perspective how valid I see either claim given their total lack of evidence.

If you want to throw philosophy into the mix Russell's Teapot is the answer.
Yeah, Vigano is pretty virulently anti-gay.  I'm not really involved in the Church these days, so I'm no 100% up on all of the details and this is largely secondhand through friends and family, but Vigano and the faction that he represents have had an axe to grind against Francis pretty much since day 1.  His acceptance of homosexuality and general bent towards forgiveness (Year of Mercy) really rubbed them the wrong way.  There's also suspicion that his predecessor, Pope Benedict, was pretty much a prisoner of the papal bureaucracy for most of his papacy, which is part of why Francis refused to live in the papal apartments. That pissed off the bureaucrats who were running things "under" Benedict, so they joined the anti-Francis faction.

Basically, you have one faction (Vigano) attributing the abuse to homosexuality and saying that all gay priests should be defrocked and/or excommunicated, while the other (Francis) lays the issue on clericalism - clergy protecting their own and trying to handle things internally without involving the authorities.

I don't know why Francis hasn't spoken about the allegations, but I suspect it's something along the lines of not wanting to dignify them with a response.  Personally, I'm not sure that's a great idea, but it does basically come down to a "he said/she said" situation.
Seems like he is already speaking out right here.
&gt; With respect, this is a completely unacceptable response to the ongoing crisis of mass sexual abuse in the Catholic Church. More investigations?

Watch the videos. There is a difference between figuring out *what* happened, and figuring out *why* it happened.

Most of the investigations to date have been the former; Bishop Barron is calling for figuring out the latter.
I didn't say his answer was "sh\*t". I said "many laypeople feel that sort of answer isn't good enough at this point," prefacing it with "with respect to your office."

That claim is incontrovertibly true. 

And yes, I'm quite familiar with Barron's opinions on any number of things including the issue at hand and other similar statements he's made on it.

Nor do I think Barron himself intended his video links to be "his answer" that people had to listen to in order to have an informed conversation anywhere, including (of all places) on Reddit.

It's also weird that you latched on to me when I was simply replying to Fr. Josh's comment that he didn't want to spend the time.

I don't use Reddit very often. And I don't think I've ever used the political/religious part of it, or if I did once or twice I do not remember.

But given the level of mentally-ill trollishness exhibited by you and perhaps others, I perhaps haven't missed much.
Yep. I accept that I can't completely prove the existence of a God.
Not sure of you saw, but here was his reasoning for not watching the videos:

&gt; No. I've watched a number of his theology videos. But like you, I'm not sure I have the patience for the ones above. I assume they're just longer versions of his Reddit statement.

https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9h5oi0/im_a_catholic_bishop_and_philosopher_who_loves/e69e9p5
No one is asking you to speak for the pope. They're asking you to give an opinion on your religious head enabling yet another rapist.
Truth for the sake of the victims?

Sure.

The actual truth of those who protect the abusers? For the sake of preventing the church from harboring them again? That too. 

But I suspect too many people in power would be swept up in that, so the church will continue being a whitewashed house of sin. And we can clearly see it in the church's lack of cooperation and meaningful action.
Thanks for your comment.
They want a more personal response. *shrugs*
Really interesting post - I learnt a lot reading behind some of the issues you mentioned.

Though I'm a liberal atheist, surely any actively homosexual priest should resign, though? They can't preach inequality and sinfulness, fire and damnation on one day and fuck each others brains out the next?  Hypocricy is not becoming of their office, surely.

Clearly anyone involved in a cover-up of abuse of minors should be jailed, probably for life, but this is an orthogonal issue.

Either way, it seems that the Vatican is rotten to the very core. Hypocricy and illegality abounds, and noone is in charge of a clean-out? No wonder the Church is dying.

We need a proper, full-scale leak. Everything sent to the Guardian.  They're far safer hands than the house of God right now, it seems.
If they all confess to each other, they can't report it to the police or they'll be defrocked.

Hmmm...I wonder how conspiracy could POSSIBLY happen in this environment?
The priesthood awaits!
Pepperidge Farm remembers!
No they cannot, you really do not know what you are talking about. Protestants do not understand.
As i understand it penance is not punishment. Asking the offender to turn themselves in would be punishment. You really have to read Catholic Church doctrine and its scriptural foundations to understand. It is heavy reading.
There is no getting to the bottom of anything. This is very straightforward:

There exists a power hierarchy within the Catholic Church that is almost purely based on power and access rather than competency. This hierarchy has become irredeemably corrupt (quite a long time ago, actually), and needs to be scattered to the winds.
Nobody is being a troll to you. He agreed with the sentiment and said it needs To be investigated fully and posted more info in regard to his answer. You said it wasnt good enough without even hearing it. You stated your opinion on something you didn't actually listen to, regardless of if you've heard his other stuff, and you were called out on it. If you don't like that, then you're right, maybe reddit isn't the place for you.

And in response to your opinion, if a full investigation run outside of the church isn't good enough for you, what do you suggest? Skip it all and just start dealing justice vigilante style? You asked if he would step forward and speak his mind on it... What do you think he just did? He even made 2 videos speaking on it, although you couldn't be bothered to watch.
Because you didn't make a comment about the issue, you made a comment specifically about his answer, his answer that you did not listen to. It's already been explained to you by the "mentally-ill trolls" but I'll try to get it through as well... It's as if someone just said that your comments aren't good enough because you don't actually know what we're talking about, when you do. But hypothetically I wouldn't know that because I didn't read your comment, I just replied blindly.

P. S. As far as I've seen, you're the only one calling names, responding without fully hearing the other side, and being so aggressive, maybe you should think on who the real 'trolls' are here.
Well, I guess in the depths of Reddit, there is not need for the "\*" in any word.

You are no ally of Barron, nor his views or statements. You couldn't care less. You are just in here to stir up crap, all the better if it's against Catholics, for the very sake of it. 

Why don't you just go fuck yourself, you pathetic little freak.
Make sure you bat your eyelashes innocently while omitting to mention that Vigano is a right wing nutjob who himself has been implicated coverups of sex crimes, has been actively involved in interfering in US politics and wants to be leader of a coup to restore religious fascism to power in the church.
I know you have many, many paragraphs of very, very important things to say, but people don’t get arrested until a victim comes forward. The Church is not lurking at police stations to ambush victims. They don’t have the staff. If millions and jillions of abuse cases are happening right now, why the fuck don’t parents pick up the phone and call the cops? It’s 2018.
This is gibberish. Actual victims have been begging since day 1 for a chance to participate in leading investigations. People are supposed to trust a bishop who says, all good?
&gt;“Open their files on pedophile priests”

Victims would be thrilled, I’m sure. 

Honestly, the problems need solving but every proposal in this thread is so fucking juvenile.
The whole letter is designed to blame gay people and equate them with pedophiles. Never mind abused women.  They don’t fit the narrative.
But remember, systematic abuse is somehow confined to hollywood and religion. It certainly doesn't exist in politics and you're probably alt-right if you think it could.

Unless it's against a conservative politician, then it's true by default.
I'm not sure if you're saying you dislike what I'm suggesting or not ... but I think if you are saying it's a juvenile approach, then I think you should also be upset with any mandatory reporter? I think in a special case like this, where you'd have years and years of information on people that they wouldn't want made public, you'd just start with those people as "John/Jane Doe" until and if the people involved want their names to be allowed to go public if and when charges are filed (I'm sure we'd have statute of limitations issues in a bunch of cases). 

The problem of over sharing can be dealt with and is WAY LESS impactful than the problem of under sharing. These rapists and pedophiles need to know that they will no longer be protected by the church when they're caught.
“Open the files” is, like most of the whinging on this topic, a ludicrous proposal designed to make the critics look and feel good. It’s not designed to help victims. 

What’s needed is a fully empowered, independent, trusted, lay-led inquisition, and *those* investigators are the ones who need full access to every file, the power to compel testimony under oath, and the power to publish their findings at their discretion, while preserving the full anonymity of victims. (And John Doe isn’t enough to preserve anonymity.) NOT throwing open the files nilly willy. You are trivializing the impact of forced exposure on sexual assault victims. It’s another rape.
Yea ok man. I'm the troll. Speaking reasonably while you spew hateful playground shit. You're so smart. Leave us freaks to our trolling, you little badass you.
It's like being sexually repressive and protectionist brings out the worst predators or something.
I think we're actually in agreement here ... when I say "open the files" I mean to investigators, and when/if it goes to some sort of trial which demands public disclosure, the people impacted can be John/Jane Doe if they want (or not even press charges ... obviously that's up to them). I gave the mandatory reporter example, those folks don't report to the newspaper, they report to the authorities who have procedures on how you handle things like minors and adults that don't want their name and picture in the paper.
Plenty of people in the church don't care, the ones who do want to preserve the prestige of the church to use it for good
The ones who really care about that should be urging for a purging.
That's your opinion. They clearly feel differently.
#PetersOutforHarambe
&gt; I know you have many, many paragraphs of very, very important things to say,

Which is the dismissive way of saying you can't be arsed to read a reasoned reply because it's "too long".  Seriously, HTF do kids like you ever get through college?

&gt; The Church is not lurking at police stations to ambush victims. They don’t have the staff. If millions and jillions of abuse cases are happening right now, why the fuck don’t parents pick up the phone and call the cops?

For the same reasons that they haven't for years.  Children are trained to respect the priest and accept them as a moral authority, and the priests tell them to keep the secret.  Sexual predators don't just rape a kid, the children are groomed for abuse over the process of a long period of time, where they are conditioned to accept the assault as normal, where they are conditioned to keep secrets about the abuser from their friends and parents, and where they are progressively led down a road of "just a little bit more" until what started as "attention from a priest that they should honor and respect" has turned into full-on rape and sexual assault.  Do you have any idea what sort of courage it takes for a 7 or 8 year old kid to accuse an adult of doing something improper, let alone a priest?  And by the time they've figured out what is/has been happening to them years later, do you know how much fear and shame is attached?  Many of the people abused by priests go on to develop alcohol and drug abuse problems, and many others commit suicide over it.  Its not like telling your parents that the neighborhood punk punched you in the nose.

But there's also still an attitude in many Catholic communities and families where you honor and respect the church and go to them first with your problems.   My wife's family is like that (though thankfully my wife isn't).  They're not targeting the Christmas/Easter Catholics here, they are targeting the families who are more devout, more involved in the church, and (in many cases) families that are poor or single parent families where the parents tend to be less involved.
Censorship at it again. What agenda is being protected now? I’m sure *this* one really never knew, right?
Asking this pretty late, but many in the Catholic community, notably Hugh Hewitt, have been calling on each state AG to launch their own investigations, modeled on PA AG Josh Shapiro's. Do you believe that CA AG Xavier Becerra should and would launch such an investigation?
Feel better now that you let us know how victimized you are?
Sounds like the video leaves some very important questions unanswered.
Humans are so petty.
I think the Catholic Church should shut down itself over such egregious and systemic problems. Other than that, there is no option to win back the moral high ground
&gt; There is no getting to the bottom of anything. This is very straightforward:

Leibniz's Rationalist proof for God's existence would say otherwise. See Chapter 5 of Edward Feser's book "Five Proofs of the Existence of God". Basic overview by Feser:

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FvYwpyFbIQ&amp;t=17m21s
I'm sorry but this screams of excuse-making BS. I don't support the Church as an ex-Catholic or the nature in which any of these cases are being handled, but I've gotta side with /u/ShouldaLooked here: respect for authority only goes so far, and people are generally largely emboldened by national or regional call-outs by victims stepping forward. I don't believe for one second that "respectful deference" keeps 99% of cases from being revealed to the public.
&gt; I don't believe for one second that "respectful deference" keeps 99% of cases from being revealed to the public.

They don't.  In many cases the Catholic church has paid victims for their silence as well.
You just contradicted your previous comment. 

In any case, silence clauses are increasingly unenforceable in these settings.
&gt; You just contradicted your previous comment. 

I didn't.  There are a combination of circumstances that prevent different people from reporting to the authorities in all sorts of situations.  Take the catholic church out of the picture and ask why so many people who are sexually assaulted do not report it.  Ask why children who are sexually abused do not report it for years, if at all.  There's your answer, but then add to it the fact that the person who is the perpetrator in these cases is an authority figure who you have been brought up believing has power over whether or not you can be forgiven for your sins, administer sacraments, and is basically god's voice here on earth.

&gt; In any case, silence clauses are increasingly unenforceable in these settings. 

Which is great if you have a lawyer who can tell you that.  Not so great if you can't afford a lawyer, so you basically take the $10k or $20k on offer and sign whatever the church's lawyer puts in front of you.  That was the church's M.O. for a very long time.
Have a watch and find out ;)
Sorry, I *did* respond to the wrong person. On mobile, sometimes the way the app organizes threads confuses me... mea culpa!
I appreciate your answer and thoughts, but there is still nothing to get to the bottom of.

You highlight the “why.” I contend that “why” is irrelevant and even already known. It’s spelled out in Genisis and beyond. The heart of man is not good - that’s why this shit happens.

It is the “what” we have direct control over.
Thread got crazy, I totally understand.
&gt; How does one continue to labor under the delusion that ‘it’s okay because it’s not me, so therefore I’m not a part of it’ knowing what you know

I don't. I was not raised with the Catholic church, and never had been part of it, in part due to this, my dad's bad experiences in Catholic school, and my mother being Episcopalian. Instead I was raised without religion in mind, which I think all parents should do.

My uncle does not like to talk about this stuff anymore and despite his clear anger at the catholic church participates in it very actively.
I think its a shame there are not at least hundreds of priests actively trying to do what my uncle did, but more then likely I think there are and are being threatened with excommunication like he was.
How sad is that?

I’m sure there are hundreds, maybe even thousands of them lamenting for years, or even decades what the course of action should be, whether their calling was worth it, and how they can possibly reconcile their experiences.

We initially raised our kids in the Catholic Church- I converted from Lutheranism at 24, having a d cent foundation but not one I was upset to lose if I converted. 

You’re supposed to go through a whole process to convert, but we had a great priest who, because her family was so firmly ensconced within the parish, only required me to sit with him to go over things, ask questions, etc.

We had some great theological discussion; the RCC fascinated me- the similarities to a Lutheran service were uncanny. My first Catholic mass I could recite along with the oldest front-row blue hairs. 

We started strong, but after my MIL passed away (shortly after our wedding) we eventually slowed our participation, and after a ridiculous experience with a priest concerning tithing, we noped the fuck out of Catholic schools for our kids and after the abuse scandals, and the complete lack of culpability from the church, stopped altogether.
&gt; You highlight the “why.” I contend that “why” is irrelevant and even already known. It’s spelled out in Genisis and beyond. The heart of man is not good - that’s why this shit happens.

Yes, that is (to use Aristotle's thinking) the *formal cause* of why this is happened. But what was the *efficient cause*?

* https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Four_causes

Why were there no "checks and balances" (to use the US phrase) on conduct? Why no oversight? Why no independent ombudsman where complaints could go to?

Given what we no the heart of man to (potentially) be, why were there not safeguards put in place to prevent this? If there were safeguards, why did they fail?
Lay people are the regular everyday people that show up to Mass every Sunday. They aren’t employed by the church or part of the hierarchy, but they do care enough to try to solve the problem, rather than just exterminate the church as some posters on here might feel is the solution.
Yes, lay persons can do some amazing things in a church.  

Let me try to express it this way.  If leadership among the boyscouts  was covering up crimes and moving troop leaders around, and accusations are made, then it should be investigated by the police not other boyscouts.

(Not a great example, but hopefully it makes sense)
Bishop, thanks for taking the time to do this. The "partisan" divide seems to be growing between those who emphasize social justice and those who underscore the importance of the sanctity of life and marriage. Why do you believe there is such difficulty to embrace and act upon all of our Church's teachings, and what can we do to bridge the divide?
Good question.  Hard to answer in short compass.  I would simply say that both the pro-life and social justice teachings of the Church are grounded in a respect for the infinite worth of the individual human being.
Thank you for the observation.  I too suspect this agenda of actually including the defense of practicing homosexually clergy in the social justice position of the church.  All the way up to Pope.
[removed]
The “social justice” teachings of the church is just code for Marxist doctrine which is in direct opposition to the teachings of the Church. As evidence I give you the CCHD and it activities. The Bishops letter in 2016 equating “racism” with abortion, a clear instruction to vote for Hillary. We need to rid the Church of these Marxists and their teachings.
I have to be honest, as a gay Protestant, I do not feel as if my infinite worth is being valued by people who tell me my marriage doesn't count, or that I'm not a true Christian, or that I don't deserve to be in a loving and committed relationship.

I do feel infinitely valued in the love of God as He made me. The teachings of the Church? Not so much.
Not the Bishop(obviously) and not a Christian but I can answer this from my perspective:  


I am personally not a fan of abortion BUT in a country that has a 2 party system like the US, I choose the party that supports abortion because the party that wants to make abortion illegal is the same party that offers somewhere between little compassion and outright disdain for the poor. So, those not prepared for a child due to life circumstances(drugs, poverty, hunger, educational deficiencies, etc) would be forced to have a child and not be offered any assistance to actually care for themselves or the child.
Forcing a woman to bear a child she does not want is hardly “respect for the infinite worth of the individual human being”.
The issue of how the Church embraces LGBT Christians is an extremely regrettable one. As a devout Catholic, I have read heartbreaking stories of how LGBT people have been badly treated in church communities. The church hasn't done a great job of explaining its teachings to LGBT folks. The church also, even at its most earnest, doesn't really know how to minister to this group, either. A lot of hurt has been manifested intentionally as well as unintentionally. The church doesn't say you don't deserve to be in a loving relationship. The church doesn't say you're not a true Christian. God loves you exactly where you are, and not for who he wants you to be. However, it is because we love God that we take him at his word. If we hold scripture to be true, what does this mean for us and how do we love God for who He is? How do we reform ourselves and leave sin behind? That is the question we all must answer.
You can be pro-social justice and non-Marxist. Conflating the two just allows you to apply a label that's easier to disregard and denigrate without actually taking any intellectual effort to argue against.

But let's say you are a straight up Marxist-Leninist communist. Why couldn't you be also be Christian? The immediate early church as described in Acts sounds more or less like a hippy commune to me.
Some people are just more infinite than others.
they mean zygotes and fetuses and sperm and eggs.  those they value.  actual people once they're born?  not so much.
You have to realize what you're saying. That thing she doesn't want is a human being. You can't just discard a human being.
Let me tell you about my experience in the catholic church growing up.

Priest rapes teen.

Teen gets pregnant.

Pastor gets caught.

Pastor goes on the lamb and kills a man.

Priest kills himself.

Next sunday the bishop comes to mass and tells the congregation that God blessed this poor girl with a child and it is our duty as christians to support her until it is born. (The pastor they replaced the psychopath with stole 20k for gambling then bailed, third church in a row he did it to)

&amp;#x200B;

That is the respect and infinite worth that they believe in. That no-matter how god defiles you, you must do as they say, and when you get to heaven you can kiss gods feet and be glad.
The catholic church I was forced to attend told me all those things that you just said they don't say.
By the Church, I mean what our unchangeable doctrines declare. A fallible priest, or church community is not the source of our doctrines. I'm just saying your church that you attended was wrong, by the standards of church teaching.
Aren't you discarding her as a human being by saying that? "That unborn human being is more important than you." Is what it sounds like to me.
More like "That unborn child's life is more important than avoiding 9 months of hardship"
That is quite the stretch. If her life is in danger then it's harder, but if she simply doesn't want to carry the baby then it's absolutely immoral to kill it. The baby's life is 100% more important than her desire to not carry it. It doesn't seem "fair" to some people, but a lot of things aren't fair. However most  of those things don't have taking an innocent life as an alternative option.

Edit: this is the same person but on another account
Here’s an analogous situation: a woman needs a bone marrow transplant to survive disease X. From your stance on abortion, that line of reasoning would demand that anyone with a bone marrow match be forced to donate to save that woman’s life. Do you also want laws that require autonomous people to be forced to donate tissue/blood to save other people’s lives? This is a question of bodily autonomy. 
Coming back around to abortion now, a fetus acts as a parasite on the mother’s body. It literally takes nutrients away from the mother. Carrying a fetus and ultimately giving birth is a very dangerous process, even with all modern medicine has to offer. The mother could easily be killed by the parasite growing inside her. In my opinion, the mother should not be forced to provide her body as a vessel for a being that cannot sustain itself on its own. Yes her body, she should have the final say in how it is used (or not used as the case may be)
&gt;Forcing a woman to bear a child she does not want is hardly “respect for the infinite worth of the individual human being”.

Literally the opposite of the truth, as abortion is the pointless destruction of innocent human life. It's fear that drives people to abortion, not strength.
&gt;actual people once they're born? not so much.

Catholic Church believes in the "seamless garment" approach.

From [Crux](https://cruxnow.com/cns/2018/04/18/seamless-garment-revisited-pope-insists-all-life-deserves-defense/):

&gt;“Our defense of the innocent unborn, for example, needs to be clear, firm and passionate, for at stake is the dignity of a human life, which is always sacred,” Francis wrote. “Equally sacred, however, are the lives of the poor, those already born, the destitute, the abandoned and the underprivileged, the vulnerable infirm and elderly exposed to covert euthanasia, the victims of human trafficking, new forms of slavery, and every form of rejection.” ...  
&gt;  
&gt;What Francis is telling Catholics, he said, is “to be pro-life always, in every situation and everywhere, not only in one moment, in one country or one aspect. We must rediscover the prophetic call to defend life in its concrete situations, not as an abstraction, by defending human beings from the very beginning of life to its end.”  
&gt;  
&gt;Rather than watering down Catholics’ commitment to ending abortion, the archbishop said, attention to defending life at every stage and in every circumstance “should make us stronger, including in effectively combatting the absurd prospect of abortion.”  
&gt;  
&gt;By putting together abortion, euthanasia, hunger, immigration, the death penalty, weapons trafficking, war and other serious issues, he said, Francis makes it clear that all human life always must be defended.

&amp;#x200B;
&gt;unchangeable doctrines 

The Catholic Church has changed their doctrines thousands of times throughout their history.

Off the top of my head, indulgences and evolution are two examples.
What about indulgences have changed?

Evolution was never taught to be untrue in the Catholic Church..
Thank you for acknowledging the hurt the Catholic church, or any church, has done to gay people, women who've been raped, children born out of wedlock, women who've had sex out of marriage (guys don't get shamed for that), Jewish people who were used as scapegoats, etc. It takes a big person to acknowledge evil done. 

Those doctrines have been used as weapons for 2000 years now. The minorities of this world are vulnerable. Their ONLY protection has been through human courts, human laws. 

I'd love to see churches go the route of Buddhism in that the focus isn't so much on the rules, but on the skill set needed to behave in a compassionate, non judgemental loving way...To everyone. Because until that happens, there can be no trust of your motives.

It's going to take a LONG time to rebuild trust. When children are abused, the rule of thumb is it will take an equal number of years with no abuse to reestablish trust...So we've got a long wait ahead.
Nice username.
Bridge or poker? ^^^^bridge, ^^^^bridge, ^^^^bridge…
Never ever have I played bridge and I am not very good at poker. Name's bit of an accident as I was thinking of a W for some reason without considering other meanings. But here we are.
at the risk of sounding trite, I believe churches need not to go the route of Buddhism, but the route of Christ. I agree with everything else you say.
Aw… I like bridge… Anyway, thanks for the response – have a nice day!
You cannot be pro-social justice and non-Marxist. Explain how that practically works. 

“Conflating the two ... blah blah blah ... to disregard and denigrate any intellectual effort to argue against.” Interesting that that’s exactly what YOU’RE doing, not me. 

You cannot be Marxist and Christian. The Church functions like this on a volunteer basis that does not rob a persons of free will. Big difference. The God given dignity of man, his free will and freedom is removed in Marxism. This directly opposes the teachings of Christ. 

If you are compelled to help your neighbor then do it. To force your neighbor to help another is wrong. That’s slavery.
Yes because babies disappear the second they are born... /s

It's not like the baby then faces either an overloaded public childcare system or a mother who, at best, didn't want it, and at worst gets remimded of terrible events every time she looks at it, right?
I oppose injustice, but I don't want to seize the means of production. It's quite simple.

Government coercion exists in our system already and always has. I am forced to pay taxes that funds wars I find morally repugnant. Is that also slavery? Does christianity demand anarchy?
Yeah, MAYBE it is immoral to end a life before it began, but I think it DEFINETLY is immoral to condem 2 people to a miserable life just because you, someone who doesn't have to carry the consequences, thinks there might be a possible punishment in an unconfirmed afterlife.
Lam
Individual human beings have infinite worth, yet the vast majority are doomed to Hell by an all-loving God? Someone has some splainin' to do.
[deleted]
Marxism is the seizing of the fruit of another’s labor.

We are moving away from a Republic and toward communism. We have a lot less freedoms than I had growing up and even less than my mother and my grandmother and so on. Taxation to the levels we have today is slavery.

Freedom isn’t free. The defense of our country is one of the few legitimate taxes. Our country existed quite nicely with only tariff and excise taxes. 

Christianity demands a morally just and free society. That excludes both Marxism and anarchy. There is no guarantee that freedom will be free from suffering.
[deleted]
You seem like you just want to antagonize, but for the sake of anyone else reading:

Overloaded public child care system is a seperate issue entirely.

It isn't logically inconsistent to find fault in that system, while still considering adoption the morally superior option to abortion.
By that definition, all taxes are Marxism. You should look up the actual definition of Marxism.

So if taxes are so onerous and antithetical to christianity, does christianity demand anarchy? Taxes are an inevitable part of any government. Early U.S. history without direct taxes was always unsustainable.

A 100% free society will inevitably be an unjust society where the powerful prey upon the week.
&gt; the importance of the sanctity of life and **marriage**.

Code for backward ignorant homophobic bigotry as well as opposition to the equality and civil rights of gay people.
I think a lot of the downvotes you’re getting are from people who don’t understand the different meanings the phrase “the Church” can have.
well I never said I was good at dialogue with LGBT Christians either.
Is that a typo or do you mean the actually verb lam? Sorry if that’s a dumb question I’ve just never heard someone use the word before.
Sorry, I wasn't meaning to suggest you literally follow the Buddhists. Simply challenging whether the focus on gays, sex outside of marriage, the use of methods of birth control, who gets to go to heaven or not, etc...is as productive as the mechanics of how to love and forgive as Christ loves and forgives. That's the hard stuff and the hardest to learn. 

It seems in some ways the current pope is pushing for a change in emphasis that is more mindset based. As an outsider, it feels like a more compassionate approach even if the message and the rules are exactly the same.
Ah I see what your saying. I should have read what you said more carefully. I would agree there is a lot of spiritual weight to Buddhist practices. Catholics can learn a lot about themselves by studying Buddhism, surely. I would also agree spiritual maturity is sorely needed in the church.
Different people have different definitions of what a human being is.

For some it might be that we have a soul apart from our body, and that soul comes into being upon conception.

However for many, a human being is a person. Someone with thoughts, memories, emotions, hopes... So to them a fetus, early on, is just a future person, or future human *being*. Much like how they'd see a brain-dead person as no longer a person, just a body - the person died with the brain. Like how blueprints and building materials are not a home.

So to them, until the brain is "online", it's not a person. Neurologically, the brain at 13 weeks is [not much different than that of a sea slug](https://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/19/books/chapters/the-ethical-brain.html).
It almost seems like... None of this actually makes any sense!
&gt; I have to be honest, as a gay Protestant, I do not feel as if my infinite worth is being valued by people who tell me my marriage doesn't count [...]

If you have the time, this 50 min speech by Fr. Mike Schmitz is pretty good:

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWZ171V0wEQ

Stick with it for at least the first ten minutes.

(He's on YT in "Ascension Presents" (amongst other there).)
I'm 4 hours late, but this just got me thinking. Do you think that if you were asked to give a dying stranger bone marrow and you refused to give it to them, would that be immoral? I fully agree with you that it shouldn't be legally mandated - the main reason I'm pro choice is that I think the state has no business making complex and subjective moral decisions. You seem very rational, so I'm curious about your thoughts on the morality.
Pastor goes on the lam, not lamb.
It might be fear that drives people to abortion, but it is a rational fear. Its a rational fear that the mother or parents cannot provide for another child, a fear that they will have to bare the child of their rapist, a fear that their own dreams and hopes could be derailed by this mistake, and the list of fears is ever growing. It takes a great amount of strength to be able to realize that abortion might be the right answer. 

Plus, human life is not that sacred. There's 7 billion of us on this planet. By 2050, it will be close to 20 billion. +/- one life will not make a difference.
I don’t think it’s quite as black and white as your question makes it seem. Any potential morality or immorality of that decision will depend on a number of factors, including: what is the potential harm to the donor? Is donation a guarantee (or as good as we can get) that the recipient will survive? Does the recipient actually want the transplant (their wishes should certainly factor in)? In my opinion, if the donor and recipient are both willing and able, then the donation is moral. Otherwise, it would likely be immoral to proceed with a marrow donation. The bottom line is that our bodies are our own, and any attempt to force (physically or emotionally) someone into using their body/mind in a way that they are uncomfortable with is immoral and wrong.
I definitely agree that it would be immoral to force someone to donate should they not consent. The question I was trying to ask was would it be immoral not to consent, provided there was no risk to the donor and the patient was likely to survive if they recieved the marrow?
No, I do not think it would be immoral not to consent. Ultimately, that person is within the bounds of morality to abstain from marrow donation. The potential donor’s right to bodily autonomy supersedes the needs of another person.
&gt; What about indulgences have changed?

You can't buy them with filthy lucre anymore.
&gt; I think it DEFINETLY is immoral to condem 2 people to a miserable life

Who is condemning them to a miserable life though. There is adoption, where families are on waiting lists for babies. No one is condemning anyone to a miserable life. 

Also, if the outcome of your pregnancy going to term is potentially ruined lives, should they be engaging in an act that can result in your life being ruined in the first place?
&gt; +/- one life will not make a difference.

That's a really flippant stance to take until we are talking about your life specifically.
The selling of indulgences was never church doctrine. It was always illicit and condemned as abuse by the church.
My mistake, I’m on iOS and autocorrect got the best of me.
Doctrine or not, it was so common that it features in huge swaths of contemporary literature at the time and was one of the strongest clarion calls of the Reformation. So yes, it might have been illicit and condemned as abuse by the church, but it was also very much a "wink wink nudge nudge" kind of condemnation.

That's to say nothing of the hair splitting around "selling". Sure... it wasn't doctrine to sell indulgences, per se, but alms given to certain church entities might just come with an indulgence on the side. So money is transferred from sinner to church (or church official) and as an *indirect* result of that monetary transfer an indulgence is granted. It's not terribly different from escorts. They're not selling sex, that would be illegal, they're selling companionship which just happens to lead to sex. Or restaurants in places where you can't sell foie gras, so they sell an expensive basket of artisan breads that comes with a *complimentary* side of foie gras.
If you respect individual human being than logically you are pro choice.
That's where you lost me.

Your Church's track record of respecting individual human beings is a bit less than sterling, sir.
Respecting a human being’s choice of what happens to their body is actually what makes me Pro choice
[deleted]
Women have all manor of health problems due to having abortions as well, Why stop there and not further upstream if your concern is the well-being of the mother. Women who have abortions are at greater risk for suicide as well. If you have concern, it should be consistent, not just where it serves a political purpose.
Ha. I kind of like the image of "going on the lamb."
There are levels of doctrine (traditionally 4) - not all are infallible(aka unchangeable)
[deleted]
How the Church chooses to define “human being” is strange to me. It is my understanding that the Church calls a fertilized egg a human being at the time of fertilization. Do I understand correctly?
[deleted]
http://www.life.org.nz/suicide/suicidekeyissues/abortion-and-suicide/

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/abortion-tied-to-sharp-decline-in-womens-mental-health/

Specifically adolescents are more at risk, but they are also more likely to have abortions for unplanned pregnancies than older women.

It's hard to search for it though because Google is awash with mostly political commentary one way or the other trying to debunk it or enforce it. 

Women also generally don't have problems giving birth. We are talking about things that are rare either way.
You're also wrong about the foster care situation. My wife and I are hoping to adopt our foster daughter this November, and it's only possible because her mother didn't get rid of her. A lot of the children who end up in foster care are adopted, and any mother that put their newborn up for adoption wouldn't have a child wasting away in the system. In almost any state there is a waiting list for newborns. It's children born to people who wanted them and then lose them to the system for being bad parents that make up a lot of the foster kids that have trouble being adopted because they are older and a lot of people are scared away by all manner of abuses.

It's not unwanted babies that go unadopted.
[deleted]
[deleted]
That's fine, and I never said the right should be taken away, but the reasoning of condemning someone to a miserable life seems like overstating the case just to make a moral justification.

Even though I have moral problems with abortion, I understand that my morality shouldn't be legislated. Legal is different from moral/ethical. You are not alone in putting the legal rights of a mother over that of an unborn baby. My only quibble was trying to make it seem like caring about the rights of the child more is somehow immoral due to the phrasing.
[deleted]
You need to re-read my response. I addressed all of these things.
And I responded to them.
Thank you, and while we may disagree i do honor your desire to look out for the mother. Too often in these kind of debates people assume the worst in someone with the opposing viewpoint, but your concern for the well being of mothers is nothing but admirable. You can obviously be concerned with both but prioritize one as taking precedence. Its never an easy and clean argument. Thanks for the discussion.
I didn't say it was logically inconsistent. I said it was morally inconsistent. The two issues are not, as you'd like us believe, such seperate things. They are very interconected. If the anti abortion faction offered good solutions to what happens after birth, I, and a lot of those who think alike I bet, would not so vehemently oppose your views.

Convince your peers to fight for a better child care system withe the same vigor they protest abortions. I bet support for fewer abortions will rise if they do.

As it stands right now, abortion is, in my view, in many cases the lesser of two evils.
[deleted]
You can't call it "rational fear" and strength in the same breath - that's a contradiction. A better argument might have been that it's simply okay to be fearful, and while I'd agree in some circumstances, I'd disagree when innocent life is on the line.

There's a term for living for yourself, by the way: selfishness, even vanity. No "hope" of your own is worth the life of another.

&gt;Plus, human life is not that sacred. There's 7 billion of us on this planet. By 2050, it will be close to 20 billion. +/- one life will not make a difference.

Both fallacious reasoning (quantity is the measure of value?) and non-sequitur (difference in what?).
You didn't say anything but snide remarks.
That's a pretty weak reply dude...
&gt; As a devout Catholic, I have read heartbreaking stories of how LGBT people have been badly treated in church communities.

&gt; A lot of hurt has been manifested intentionally as well as unintentionally. 

Which is all still happening. LGBT people, even LGBT kids, are still dehumanized, demonized, degraded, and demeaned by the catholic church. For example, see [this recent comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/askgaybros/comments/9g4kh3/nephew_told_us_he_was_gay_looking_for_advice_and/e6220j6/?context=8&amp;depth=9) by a gay student at a catholic high school.
If I died tomorrow, it wouldn't make that much of a difference in the world. That's the honest truth. My family and friends would be sad, but eventually they would move on in some way or another. And that's how it is for the rest of the population. We try to give our lives purpose and meaning but in the end, unless you did something that changed the world, we'll all be forgotten. Our stories, our lives will just cease to exists. So yeah i don't think one life is that important.
I actually do not see why there is even a divide.  I could be anti-abortion possibly in a state where all were taken care of.  But if the laws of the land leave each persons plight a burden they carry alone then I feel the laws must give each person ultimate discretion in their life choices.
[removed]
Take a look at his website and YouTube channels. Guy doesn't shy away from tough questions.
Yeah clearly he isn't shying away from anything here... he hasn't answered a single question yet...
Ama wasn't scheduled to start until 11. Give him time, he's likely compiling questions and writing answers. Don't expect one sentence responses, expect well written paragraphs.
Because it wasn't posted 26 minutes ago...
Idk what thread you’re looking at but I see quite a few of his answers here.

Besides, if your goal is to actually answer people’s questions using things like evidence and reason, your reply might take longer than 10 seconds to type, and since there’s at least 50 questions here already, I’d say that’s reasonable.
He’s getting buried in questions. One AMA isn’t going to be close to enough. He’s going to need his own sub
[removed]
[removed]
Reading this after he appended a sign-off message. I don’t know about sorting on Front Page, but I’ve seen only 5-6 replies.
Click on his profile. A ton more than 5-6, just the upvoted sorting has changed since he stopped answering
Thanks. I often have issues with posts disapearing when I’m on mobile. I’ll not comment on it any longer.
Your Excellency,

How important is it to do the Mass exactly "by the book," how much can priests kind of do their own thing?  A few priests in my area like to add in little sermons (not just clarifying remarks) throughout the Liturgy, and while I understand the desire to make things more personable, it kind of detracts from the solemnity of the Mass.

Thank you for your time, and for all your great work in the Church!
Don't you guys feel utterly silly calling people "your excellency"?  

I mean, considering how it looks to the rest of us...
I'm not His Excellency, but as long as the words of institution are still there, the Mass is technically valid and "works", so to speak. That said, I'm not well enough versed in the GIRM to know *where* you can add bits like that.
catholics joke about it all the time too 😂😂😂
I'm a pretty good armchair liturgist, and it drives me batty when celebrants divert one iota from the Missal, but I'm willing to stipulate (and actually kinda hoping) that I'm overreacting.  I just can't convince myself that I am.
Erm, no?  And I'm not sure I especially care about the opinions of those who think people showing respect are "silly."
That explains so much about your religion.
That's a few layers above "showing respect". And you don't do it to show respect, you do it because every other Catholic does it as is tradition aka you probably don't even really know.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
I'm sorry you're wasting your limited time alive believing in magic. You know fantasy and sci-fi novels are a lot more interesting and generally promote better morals than your abridged, translated story that is mostly filler.
Lel
&gt; Don't you guys feel utterly silly calling people "your excellency"? 

It's literally the same as referring to a judge or congress person as "The Honorable, so and so." Styles are really normal things.
I come from a country where we don't do that 99% of the time.  

We're very informal and equal.
Would you compare the statement "catholic priests are pedophiles and rapists" to "muslims are terrorists"?

In other words, how would you characterize the pedophilia scandals? Is it systemic? Or is the Church just an arbitrary avenue for pedophiles to get what they want?
Friend, the clear evidence is that the overwhelming majority of priests are not pedophiles and rapists.
According to old studies proportion of pedophile priests are not that different from that of society. Of course this should be dealt with but Bigger problem is the coverups and lack of action imo. Even if the proportion is similar a system that protected them + easy access to trust and children makes it worse.
The most recent numbers I can see are there are less than 500,000 catholic priests in the world.  There are 1.8 billion muslims.  Categorizing 1.8 billion people off the works on a small majority is not the same as categorizing half a million priests as pedophiles and rapists, esp since while the number of preadtors might not be a huge percentage the abuse was funneled all the way to the top and was allowed to continue unpunished.  Instances where rapists were moved to parishes with high populations of childen or orpanages abound, so yeah I would say that it is more reasonable to charcterize the church as a place where monsters are bred, allowed to hunt, and victims are silenced.  You are disgusting for not admiting this.
Even if that were the case, the fact that so many go to great lengths to cover up the abuse makes the majority just as bad as the rapists.
1. That is the case
2. I think the Bishop would agree with the cover-up being equally as bad as the horrific acts themselves.
Also what most people don't understand is the church is international and different countries &amp; states handle sex abuse differently... Especially through TIME.    

For instance in Texas back in the 1950s, the criminality of statutory rape was NOT EVEN CLOSE to what it is today.

Back in the 1980's the (I'm not RC) the Roman Catholic church NEVER approved of any sexual abuse.   Much of these decisions could have been from misinformed / naive bishops.   "Oh priest Bob that is horrible, I'm taking your congregation away (This CRUSHES a priest) and sending you here". 

Appropriate in today's standards... NO.
Then.... Not really at all.  But poor decisions perhaps.

Problem is sex abuse is the modern day TRUE witch hunt.  There is no excuse for it ever.... And even explaining away rationale of time/education on the issue often will not resolve the blood lust people want to attack the Roman Catholic church with.   It's because sex abuse is mentioned, there is no way out of it or you end up sounding like a supporter...  It's not excusable and softening the blow just makes a person totally cannon fodder in the argument.
Try not to trip over that high bar, sir.
You are very good at avoiding giving real answers. You're definitely in the right career. Why even do this ama and give all the bullshit about "oh I love arguing with non-believers!" Funny stuff.
Maybe they're just not "real answers" to you.
I'm pretty sure they aren't "real answers" because they don't answer the questions being asked
Well we don't actually know that considering how constantly we are hearing of more and more cover ups within the Church. For all we know the number of priests that don't abuse children could be the minority.

Clear evidence on how many priests aren't abusers doesn't exist by definition because the evidence of the abuse is being covered up. It literally isn't clear.
So you are expecting proof of God's existence when there aren't any? Maybe proof of miracles? Ugh.
&gt; So you are expecting proof of God's existence when there aren't any?
I converted to Catholicism several years ago but left after a couple of years. One of my biggest issues with Catholics is that they seem to not care about converting anyone but would rather purge their own members. I was even told I should leave because I have a separation of church and state view in regards to political issues. After leaving, not a single person ever contacted me to ask why. I ran into one person and she asked why I haven’t been around. I told her I was as no longer a Catholic and she passive aggressively told me I could never truly leave the church. What do you have to say to me about this?
True evangelization is harder and harder to find in Catholicism. I believe because many Catholics do not truly know, love and live their faith. Once baptised you are always a member of the faith. 

As for political issues, what area of separation on Church and State did you differ with the Church?
Gosh, I hate that story.  I'm really sorry.  Please don't reject the Church because of the bad behavior of some pastors and some parishioners.
It’s not just that, I left for other reasons too. I basically left because deep down I don’t agree with many of the rules. I felt like I was just reluctantly submitting to a homicidal dictator.
&gt; I was even told I should leave because I have a separation of church and state view in regards to political issues.

give Caesar what belongs to Caesar is in the bible tho
I support secular gay marriage and I don’t think outlawing abortion is a good idea.
Those are certainly two topics that conflict with the Catholic faith. I agree, the response of casting off people who disagree with the Church teaching on this is the typical response. I agree it is the wrong one. 

As for those topics, I believe they are related and I certainly would be willing to share my beliefs with anyone willing to hear them. As Catholics we should yern to pull people closer who we feel are drifting away from our faith. If we love something so much, we should want to joyfully share it. 

On the Abortion side, I would encourage all to check out talks and writing from Dr Bernard N. Nathanson.
I'm not Catholic, but as I understand it, it's practically impossible to get excommunicated from the RCC. Your circumstance sounds like an extremely rare one. If your local Priest told you you couldn't be a member of the church because you simply believed in the separation of church and state, you should probably contact the Bishop of that area.
I still to this day think that the Catholic Church has the right to refuse gay marriages within itself but not tell the government what it can do in a courthouse. As far as abortion goes, people can think something is morally wrong but not want to outlaw it.
A priest never told me that. I also tried to get excommunicated later on and they told me no.
Man as a catholic it breaks my heart to hear. I find that some of my fellow catholics really just like the rules and deal with only black and white. I am more fluid and I hope to convert people through my own actions. To show how you live being catholic rather than push my beliefs on people who may not be responsive to that. There are really good church communities out there.
Ok, so I guess I'm confused. When you say "purged" you didn't mean "excommunicated"? I think that's what most people think of when that verb is used. I'm curious, what was the context of you being asked to leave your church? Like, how did the topic of you expressing your views on church and state come up with your priest? At any rate, I still think you should talk to your local Bishop. It seems odd that a Priest would kick out an parishioner for simply sharing such a view. I imagine that if the RCC was in the business of doing that to all of their parishioners, they wouldn't have many members left, especially as so many Roman Catholics (in the US at least) tend to lean politically left.
How in the world could you ever conclude that God was homicidal?
That sounds like you were a part of a sect of Christianity that followed the Old Testament. Catholicism has always been more so about the New Testament. I suggest looking into Jesuit Catholicism as it is more progressive.
Love me or go to hell. 

That’s quite homicidal.
I was more talking about comments that parishioners made.
He's right, don't reject it due to the behavior of *some* pastors and parishioners, reject it due to the sexual abuses that have been covered up by the upper echelons of the church, which undoubtedly has been going on since the inception of Catholicism.
Can I ask, if you came to these realizations after just a couple years in the Church, what prompted you to convert in the first place.
Seriously? What about that time where he killed literally everyone on the planet aside 1 family? I would think that literally killing everyone would get you labeled homicidal.  Not to mention the countless stories, directly from his Devine book, where he explicitly murders people. Have you ever read the Bible?
Idk man he flooded the entire planet because he was mad. 

Oh and there's the one time he sent bears to maul some kids because they made fun of a bald guy. 

Oh and have you ever read the book of Job? 

Oh oh what about Sodom and Gamorrah? Destroying towns because they were "bad people". 

Or the plagues of Egypt? 

Or what about the time he had a guy crucified to "save us all"?

How can you conclude that the Christian god *isnt* homicidal?
I don't know but does demanding a sacrafice from a faithful follower, raining fire from the sky and disease on his enemies (faithless), and making the earth have constant rain to the point where it floods everything whilst drowning almost all life ring any bells?
If God is the source of life, existence, goodness and love, then how can one both reject God and not enter into Hell? Jesus was clear about His doctrine on Hell, it was not, "Love me or I shall punish you and send you to Hell", it was, "You are sick with the disease of sin, and unless you allow me to heal you, it will destroy your soul." Stating the facts about our condition *could* be boiled down into your statement, but removes all context. At the very least, nothing about it is homicidal.
God is love. Rejecting God mean rejecting love. To reject love would put you in a place where there is no love, i.e. hell
I can definitely see why that is a reason to leave a church community that disagrees, but I know many church communities that think just like you. I would say such positions arguably can be supported Biblically and are most certainly not explicitly condemned.
But I don't feel sick at all.  Why should I believe this Jesus guy's diagnosis?
So anyone who isn't Christian can't love?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/excatholic/comments/6ththy/are_any_other_ex_catholics_people_who_converted/
Even putting one person in hell is a crime greater than any committed on earth by infinity times. Torture for eternity is infinitly times worse than anything non infinite.

For any person to put someone in hell, or wish them into it, means that that person is truly evil. If God actually made hell, and actually puts people in it, he is worse than any human can and will ever be.
Hmm. My church you could do whatever you wanted and everyone would be like, okay, well, whatever.  I remember my school at the time was a part of the church and we would have this festival to raise money for things.  There were carnival rides and games of coarse. But, always, always an "adult tent" for gambling and booze. Catholics get down dude.
Thanks. I'll admit that I was assuming you went from Atheist/Agnostic to Catholic, not from another denomination of Christianity.
The following only makes sense if you believe in God, but have concluded that He is evil. If you don't believe in any creator, the following will just be a bunch of religious-speak that probably irritates you. I am not in the business of engaging in that kind of interaction.

Everything you mentioned is OT stuff, a timeframe in which the rules of "the game" were very different. He had a relationship with mankind in which sin had to be atoned for in some ugly ways. Was He wrong to wipe out Sodom and Gomorrah? My understanding is that those ppl were kind of savage. Every one of those stories is different; so, we can't just group them all and conclude His role.  We are the created; He is the creator. If you accept the idea that even your life is a gift, you can then accept God's OT decisions as just even though they were harsh. He changed the relationship at the beginning of the NT. Blood sacrifices would no longer be necessary - because of His own. This, of course, is a "tree" with no roots in science.
Look around you. Do you see pain and suffering in this world? Specifically, pain caused by how people treat one another? Are there warmongers, alcoholics, committers of fraud, racists, bigots, thieves, murderers, adulterers, rapists, etc? What is the end result of their actions? Is it death, pain and destruction of the body, the family, the community and love?

Jesus says the cause of all this pain is sin, and that the cure is the Way of the Kingdom of God, a way in which the core command is that we love one another in the same great and mighty way that Jesus loved us. So what do you believe? Do you believe that there is no illness on this world, do you believe it doesn't matter how your actions affect others? Or do you believe that we need to work to change things, do you believe in the truth of love? And that is the question of salvation, whether we will admit our own sin and repent of it, or deny our sin and continue in it.
Didn’t this same god make the rule that a soul could become so permanently sick as to be effectively in hell?
Didn’t this same god make the rule that a soul could become so permanently sick as to be effectively in hell?
&gt;Jesus says the cause of all this pain is sin

Why should I believe him?  Christians don't seem better (or worse) than any other group.
No, the church rejected them.
Exactly. Do it because of child rape and it's systematic cover-up.
Imagine that you create beings. Do you not have the right to end their lives if you conclude they are dominated by evil? If you focus on these OT events and ignore the efforts to love, you truly have read only the parts of the story you wanted to read.
Lmao
&gt;Even putting one person in hell is a crime greater than any committed on earth by infinity times. Torture for eternity is infinitly times worse than anything non infinite.

First of all, it is quite arguable that the eternal punishment Jesus speaks of means irreversible destruction.

Second, even if not, it is arguable that sin against God is an infinite sin. If harming a good and just King is worse than harming a common criminal, then sin against God is infinitely worse.

Third, we have very little understanding of eternity. If eternity is simply one timeless moment, then is such an experience the same as what you are considering? For example, a person falling into a blackhole would appear to be falling into it for an eternity from an outside perspective, yet from their perspective they would die quite quickly. Arguably, the person is eternally dying, yet suffers very little.

&gt;For any person to put someone in hell, or wish them into it, means that that person is truly evil. If God actually made hell, and actually puts people in it, he is worse than any human can and will ever be.

I and many theologians would argue Hell is the state of destruction that occurs to anyone who chooses to reject God and His love. It is not a place God creates anymore than one "creates" a vacuum by sucking out the air. What should God do with the unrepentant sinner? They can not be brought into God's presence, as that is against their will and would be torment. They can not be allowed to be with any others lest God allow them to continue sinning, making Him unjust. So, to be utterly removed from God's presence, the source of all good things, the source of life, the source of love, and to be utterly isolated from all others, that would be Hell.
So you're saying a mom can kill her child if they misbehave? Since she grew them and birthed them, and created them? Like. Really? 

Also, as far as I'm aware, the OT and NT god is the same god.... It's not like .... It's not like his positions changed. 

And I've read the whole Bible, pal.

Edit: downvote me if you want but this is literally what the guy said lmao
&gt; Imagine that you create beings. Do you not have the right to end their lives if you conclude they are dominated by evil?

You tell me. Do you personally have the right to kill your children, whom you absolutely created, if you conclude that they are "dominated by evil"? Hint: you do not.
The bible is the OT AND the NT. You're focusing only on part of the OT. Did God  not have a right to act on His judgments of the beings He created? Perhaps, in the OT He dealt out justice a lot faster than He does now, the time of the NT which we're in now. It seems like you're calling the bus driver evil because he chose to kick off some kids he thought were up to no good.
&gt; Specifically, pain caused by how people treat one another?

How bout all them kids with cancer, congenital birth defects, etc.?
As I said, look around you. Does the message that Jesus speaks ring true for the evidence around you or not? Does sin (selfishness, hate, etc.) cause death and destruction and does love bring life and healing? 

As far as I know the people around me that take this message to heart and set themselves to loving others are much, much better than those who act only out of selfish ambition. Jesus says we should judge a tree by its fruit. If someone claims Jesus, but does not love, how should we judge them? If most white people in the South claim Jesus yet hate the minorities around them, then Jesus condemns them in the Parable of the Goats and the Sheep and the Parable of the Good Samaritan.
If you mean the freedom to be able to make that choice, then yes. No one ends up in Hell by anything other than their own volition.
It's homicidal if you die in hell. I've never read anything that suggests that happens. I also read NDE stories at [nderf.org](http://www.nderf.org). People who said they went to hell [like this guy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTU7MfOgDKM) say things like it's dark and you can feel the evil, but I don't think they ever said people die there.
&gt; Was He wrong to wipe out Sodom and Gomorrah? My understanding is that those ppl were kind of savage.

But you have only the word of their killer to base your opinion of them on.
I can love just fine without Jesus.  What do I need him for?
You are totally correct. So many ppl in this thread are looking for scientific proof not just of God, but of catholicism as the true authority. These various arguments (ontological, contingency, design, etc.) all provide the basis for believing in a creator, which could be Thor, God, or Pasta. However, after getting past belief in a creator, it's a matter of believing storytellers and one's heart and mind; it's a matter of trust.
Well he sure is doing a sucky job at killing those who are "dominated by evil".
I rejected the catholic church when they denied my father a funeral due to him committing suicide. Garbage, pure utter garbage.
I said to focus on that pain caused by how people treat each other because this is what Jesus spoke of. The Problem of Natural Evil is something that has been long discussed and has never sufficiently contradicted God. The issue is that saying that God definitely should or should not allow natural evil is a question that relies on information that we currently have no way of accessing. Is it possible that a world with such natural evil is "better" than a world without it? If no floods, famines, genetic diseases, birth defects, etc. were possible, what would such a world look like? For example, just consider genetic defects. If God wants a world that is self-sustaining without them, how does He do it? The quickest answer is that DNA is more robust and doesn't allow for mutation, but then there goes all mutation, evolution and adaptation to changing environments. So, God makes it so only viable mutations can occur, but many mutations have trade offs, and would require constant intervention by God. Let's say somehow God solves all those problems. If there were no genetic defects, can we really say that such a change to all of human history would result in a situation that is better than today?

This is not a limitation on God's power. If you want a 3-sided, enclosed, 2D, polygon, then the internal angles will *always* equal 180 degrees. If God is working towards a form of greater good for humanity that requires a self-sufficient universe, then it is entirely possible that *every* possible universe includes some form of natural evil, or that natural evil extremely mitigates moral evil. We simply do not know and thus as long as the possibility stands, we are unable to definitively say whether or not a good, omnipotent God would allow natural evil or not.

However, we do know that God Himself became a man, was tired and hungry, and lonely, and cried and finally died a painful death full of fear and sorrow. If the God of the universe chose to experience those pains along next to us, then I believe there must be some value to them, and trust that He will balance all the scales for all people.
I think we all know that procreation and creation are 2 different things. Hence, I do not believe I am the creator of my kids even if I used the devices given to me to bring them in the world.
Procreation isn't creation, and you know that. If you think you can create human life, then do it without using your body. I never said that NT God changed opinions.
Gotcha. A long winded "all part of god's plan. god works in mysterious ways." It's easy to explain it away when you don't have to deal with it I guess.
I bet you think like others that procreation is the same as creation. Try doing it without your body. heh
Stop with the ad-hominem.  Of course non-Christians can love, anyone can love.  [Pope Francis \(and Catholic teaching in general\)](https://www.catholic.org/news/hf/faith/story.php?id=51077) say so.  My point in being in that rejecting love you reject Christ, which puts yourself in Hell.  God doesn't put you in hell, you put yourself in hell.
If God truly is Love, as Jesus and we Christians have claimed, then what does it mean for you to commit yourself to love? Would that not be the same as committing yourself to God? 

Even so, you can follow a path during the night, but given a lamp and a map makes following it much easier. The words and teachings of Jesus Christ have proven their truth to me in all parts of my life.
&gt;told me I could never truly leave the church.

What a cult-y kind of a mindset. At least they aren't hunting you down and harassing you like the scientologists though.
That's not what *ad hominem* means, fam.
Sorry, meant straw man.
I was baptized when i was a child, lived a few years of my childhood (until age 5) as a Catholic then switched to Christianity since it was the closest church and my friend happened to be the son of the pastor. I would often read the bible, go to church, and attend a 1 hour school thing (study group?) for kids/teens of that chuch. Ive seen a lot of hypocrites pretend to be devote in there religion around the congregation but, would often go to parties, leave their kids behind unattended, cheat on their spouse, and be general assholes outside of church. Seeing all of that turned me away from religion for many years, later down my life my family forced me to do my first communion and confirmation even though i didn't believe and still don't believe in there religion. 

Im okay with religion in general as long as it's not forced down my throat and as long as you understand the contradictions in your faith.
&gt;Gotcha. A long winded "all part of god's plan. god works in mysterious ways."

If you want to make a strawman of what I said, I suppose that's the way to do it.

Can you prove that natural evil has no part in mitigating moral evil? Can you provide for me a set of physics that allows for the amount of complexity we see today that does not include any natural evil? Unless you can do so, then its simply a question that neither you or I can answer and saying it disproves God would be utterly baseless.

&gt;It's easy to explain it away when you don't have to deal with it I guess.

Who says I have never had to deal with it? Do you know what I have or have not suffered? I have lost loved ones to cancer, I have family who suffer from genetic disorders and developmental disorders. I have been with them in the depths of their sorrows as they look for reason in their suffering. I find much, much more comfort in knowing that good and sufficient reasons will be given, and knowing that one day they will not be burdened by these pains any more, rather than believing this to be a cosmic accident that so blighted them with no hope of them finding any release but oblivion.
And those same words have proven their falsehood to me.  Why should I substitute my own judgement for yours?
Don't forget when he killed all the babies unless a house had some mark on it (what is celebrated now as Passover....god didn't kill your babies because he passed over your house.). But he did kill the other ones
The NT substantiates the OT directly in its text. I don’t believe Yahweh is real but for arguments sake; no, he absolutely does not have the right to kill everyone even though he created them. That’s as far from moral as you can get. It’s like saying I could justifiably kill my son because he was being a dick. God takes it a step further in the immoral direction in that his punishment is everlasting torment. Both the OT and the NT speaks very clearly about what happens to sinners after death and goes through painstaking efforts to affirm that these writings are not allegory. This situation, in creating the worst possible agony, forever, for those who are not “saved” is quite literally the most evil thing imaginable. It’s like an episode of black mirror where someone creates a sentient a.i. and then proceeds to place it the most horrible situation possible for all of eternity. This isn’t a grey area, it’s evil. 

And if the bus driver poured kerosine over the person he kicked off the bus and lit him on fire, you’re damn right I’d call him evil.
As a Catholic I can say the people you mention do not properly represent what we stand for. I’m sorry you’ve had a terrible experience
You shouldn't. Could you tell me which teaching or command of Jesus has proven false?
That's not what strawman means either, fam.
&gt; Can you prove that natural evil has no part in mitigating moral evil? Can you provide for me a set of physics that allows for the amount of complexity we see today that does not include any natural evil? Unless you can do so, then its simply a question that neither you or I can answer and saying it disproves God would be utterly baseless.

I don't need to do any of that. Your omnipotent god could make it so, but doesn't.
Okay, so I'm personally ex-Catholic myself but the Catholic faith doesn't teach that they are the only path to heaven.   What I was taught while in Catholic school is that there were multiple paths to heaven but being Catholic is the best path.   Because of this there is much less emphasis on evangelizing.   

As far as the church community is concerned, some parishes are more conservative than others.  If you go to a church run by say the Jesuit Order or something you would find a more liberal atmosphere and probably have less judgmental church ladies.
&gt; I think we all know that procreation and creation are 2 different things.

You neatly avoid the heart of the question via semantic detour. Heck, you could be a Roman Catholic bishop...
[deleted]
Parishoners tend to be very dumb.  Have you tried checking out a different parish?   You would be far from the first person to hop to a different parish because they hated the community at one.
yes it is.  you're misrepresenting my argument because it's easier to deal with.
As I've said:

&gt;This is not a limitation on God's power. If you want a 3-sided, enclosed, 2D, polygon, then the internal angles will always equal 180 degrees. If God is working towards a form of greater good for humanity that requires a self-sufficient universe, then it is entirely possible that every possible universe includes some form of natural evil, or that natural evil extremely mitigates moral evil. 

Unless you believe God can cause logical contradictions and do things like making a 3-sided square. Then He can also be evil and good, stupid and omniscient, rational and insane. 

Can you prove to me that there is no logical contradiction between having the greatest good and no natural evil? That would be quite the philosophical breakthrough.
[Here's a relevant example](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9h5oi0/im_a_catholic_bishop_and_philosopher_who_loves/e69py83/)
Why would anyone stay with a group of people who condone and enable horrible actions?
No., I'm not.  You just don't understand what you wrote.
&gt;Second, even if not, it is arguable that sin against God is an infinite sin. If harming a good and just King is worse than harming a common criminal, then sin against God is infinitely worse.

This is fucking evil. God sets some rules, and when those are broken they really don't have much effect to him, if they affect him in a way that makes him put people in hell he is unstable and evil.

&gt;Third, we have very little understanding of eternity. If eternity is simply one timeless moment, then is such an experience the same as what you are considering? For example, a person falling into a blackhole would appear to be falling into it for an eternity from an outside perspective, yet from their perspective they would die quite quickly. Arguably, the person is eternally dying, yet suffers very little.

Hawking radiation means eventually the black hole will die, and eventually the universe will end with heat death. The universe will end, hell won't. There is no indication that forever isn't forever, and hell is forever.

&gt;God do with the unrepentant sinner? 

what should we do with criminals, torture them forever, hell fucking no, just delete them, or not be such an asshole and maybe help them

If god is all knowing he knows the future, he knows what we do, that isn't free will, he knows we'll go to hell

&gt;They can not be allowed to be with any others lest God allow them to continue sinning

he can change that he is all powerful, instead he wants them to have infinite pain

&gt; the source of life, the source of love, and to be utterly isolated from all others, that would be Hell.

fuck off, infinite pain is worse than being without god, your a brainwashed fuck, hell is the worse thing that can ever happen, putting 1 person in there is worse than pain for every person on the earth until the end of the universe, because when it all adds up its less than one person in hell. If anyone things hell is good, that people deserve it, and that god is good for using it, is a sick fuck.

I'm cursing and being angry in this post because calling someone who does infinite torture good is infinitly worse than saying hitler did nothing wrong, they would be the worst tyrant, and the worst torturer, the worst thing unless someone does the same to more people. It's wrong on the deepest level.
So why doesn't he do that? He created the laws of the universe right? Should be able to change them, no?
The only teaching of Jesus' that I listed there was that the moral evil causes death and pain, and that the Way of The Kingdom of God brings life and healing. Is that teaching false?
Since you're so much smarter than I am, address my argument instead of pointing out my misunderstanding of logical fallacies.
&gt; Im okay with religion in general as long as it's not forced down my throat 

It has been my experience on reddit that ppl try to force atheism on me. If you've decided on atheism, I hope you have a life of all the good things you believe in: peace, productivity, growth, etc. 

&gt; as long as you understand the contradictions in your faith

Of course, there are things there that just don't make sense. Jesus said we are to be like children. Seems to me that means not demanding explanations for absolutely everything. This [ST:TNG episode](http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Peter_Mark_Richman) seemed to really hit on that, and I suspect it was unintentional.
&gt;Can you prove to me that there is no logical contradiction between having the greatest good and no natural evil?

If the greatest universe includes natural evil, then it is a logical contradiction to create the greatest universe without natural evil.
[deleted]
I'm saying we don't have a right to kill anybody, and that God does. You call that "avoidance"?
Actually, you said it was *all* caused by sin.
Nobody "rejects love".  That's preposterous.
Why can't god just make the greatest universe not include evil?

My greatest meal doesn't include livers in it. So guess what? I don't put livers in it!
&gt;This is fucking evil. God sets some rules, and when those are broken they really don't have much effect to him, if they affect him in a way that makes him put people in hell he is unstable and evil.

I mentioned it only as one of the possible arguments, of which you have not really given a rebuttal to except for just saying its wrong.

&gt;Hawking radiation means eventually the black hole will die, and eventually the universe will end with heat death. The universe will end, hell won't. There is no indication that forever isn't forever, and hell is forever.

I was giving an example of a single moment that will be stretched out for what to any outside observer would be more than their entire life. If that single moment takes a billion years, what difference does it make if it takes a trillion or goes on indefinitely? There is no reason why what is an eternity to the outside observer is not but a single moment for the one inside.

&gt;what should we do with criminals, torture them forever, hell fucking no, just delete them, or not be such an asshole and maybe help them

Isn't that most of what I've said, that Hell is eternal (irreversible) destruction? And if the criminal refuses all help, then how can they be helped?

&gt;If god is all knowing he knows the future, he knows what we do, that isn't free will, he knows we'll go to hell

Please see the widely accepted rebuttal to that argument: https://www.iep.utm.edu/foreknow/

Or in simpler terms, see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Problem_of_future_contingents#The_modal_fallacy

&gt;he can change that he is all powerful, instead he wants them to have infinite pain

As I said, most of what I've said is predicated on God simply ending their existence. For an eternal God that is an eternal consequence.

&gt;fuck off, infinite pain is worse than being without god, your a brainwashed fuck, hell is the worse thing that can ever happen, putting 1 person in there is worse than pain for every person on the earth until the end of the universe, because when it all adds up its less than one person in hell. If anyone things hell is good, that people deserve it, and that god is good for using it, is a sick fuck.

So I see you completely ignored most of my points. If God is not just a person like you or I, but the essence of Love, Goodness and Existence itself, the foundation of this entire universe, of which we are created in His image, how does one choose to be separated from Him, yet still exist in any way shape or form?
I wouldn't judge my view of God on the old testament, especially if you're Catholic. All of the nuns and priest from Catholic school always told us not to take the old testament literally.
You aren't a Catholic, are you?
Okay, that's rather pedantic, I thought it was clear that I was talking specifically of the pain from the things I listed. Jesus never claims that natural evil is caused by sin.
To be fair your question was facetious.
no we are calling the bus driver evil because he murdered those kids and dumped their bodies in the lake behind his house. and then afterwords everyone found out and started defending him because apperently killing is an acceptible thing to do if you are more powerful then anyone who can call u on it. he is supposed to be an all powerful all knowing god. he could have saved those people instead. he could have taken humanity under his wing and saved us from the "sin"he "crated"
I mean, it was god who was doing the killing..
How so?  People act selfishly and hurt others through selfish materialism, or from more egregious acts like beating others, rape, murder, etc.

If you hurt others intentionally without remorse, how is that not rejecting love?
And yet that's not what you said, is it?  

Tell me: If you're not going to stand behind your words then why should anyone trust them?
I’m sorry you had such an experience in the church. A couple things I’d note (with all due love and respect): If you didn’t see evangelization, maybe you were meant to be doing the evangelizing? It makes sense how fervently opposed Catholics are (myself included) to abortion, given that the idea is that it’s literal child murder. One’s main drive to go to confession shouldn’t be fear (though fear of the Lord is actually at some level a good thing) but should be love of God and hatred of sin (which hurts God). Anyway, PM if you wanna discuss Catholicism or anything really. You should come back home ;)
How do we quantify good? Is saving the life of your own child "more good" than saving the life of a stranger's child? Clearly killing a man to take the money out of his wallet so you can buy crack is "less good" than giving a homeless man a hot meal, so it isn't like there is no way whatsoever to say one thing is more or less good than another.

If the objectively most good thing is that we have moral free will, then clearly we can see why a good, omnipotent God would allow the possibility of moral evil. If it so happens moral evil creates natural evil as an emergent property (like how the emergent property of 2D triangles is internal angles of 180 degrees, or how circles with a radius of 1 unit have a circumference of pi units) or that natural evil in the world reduces moral evil for a net positive, then excluding natural evil means we end up with something other than the objectively best world.

For your example, if it could somehow be shown that liver is objectively the best meal, then you can't make the best meal without liver. The problem is the criteria by which you define "best". There is food which is more nutritious for some people's needs over others, and which some people enjoy more than others. However, when we talk of good in the context of God, we are usually talking about an objective moral standard that doesn't change based on the observer. Just as how objectively every human needs (without artificial aid) oxygen to live, it could be that for the nature of an independent, free agent made in the nature of God, a soul if you will, they *need* the possibility of natural and moral evil. As we are discussing a thing of which we can do no tests on, again we reach the end of our knowledge.
Then why is it there? Why include it in the Bible? And why wouldn't you since the OT is what Jesus himself followed (well basically). Catholics reference the 10 commandments for instance. Are they null and void to Catholics? Since that's the OT and you don't take it literally. Also the OT is the only place you find that homosexuality is a sin. If the OT is not literal and NOT to be taken as such then why condemn homosexuality? Since Jesus never came out and said "gays are bad"? So many decisions, especially in the catechism, come from the *entire* Bible. Not just the NT.  

Also the god of the OT is the god of the NT, is he not? And one of the "selling points" of God is that he is unchanging in his morality and that's what makes him such a "good" deity to follow.
Just because you hurt some people doesn't mean you can't love others.
&gt; If it so happens moral evil creates natural evil as an emergent property

Why not remove this possibility when you are creating existence then?
You're right, beating up everyone I don't like because I love my family is okay!

Through your justification, it's like saying Stalin was fine murdering the Bolshevik's because he loved his country.
That's not what I said.  Apparently that one sentence was too difficult for you to comprehend.
Sigh, lets get pedantic then. Look at my sentence structure. "All this pain" has the word "this" which can either refer to the sentence "Do you see pain and suffering in this world?" or "Specifically, pain caused by how people treat one another?" Since the first would simply be "all pain" then it stands to reason I was referring to the second. Furthermore, I have already clarified which I was referring to, which was the second case. Thus, I will reiterate: "Jesus says all the pain we cause by how people treat one another is due to sin." I stand by those words. However, even if I were to say otherwise, we would need to look at the teachings of Jesus Christ to see whether what I am saying is the truth. We find no teaching of Jesus that discusses the cause of sickness, natural disasters or any natural evil, and can see His teachings only discuss moral evil. You should only trust my words if they are based on fact.
Because atheism is the lens you use for understanding everything, I understand how it is perfectly logical and intelligent for you to conclude that you indeed are the creator of your kids. For an atheist, the sex organs are merely found resources to exploit and either appreciate or ignore and use as s/he sees fit. 

&gt; he absolutely does not have the right to kill everyone even though he created them

Because I am a theist, I see God as the creator. It, thus, becomes logical for me that I don't have the right to kill my kids because I believe He created them. It follows that  God had the right to do so within the framework of the OT covenant. 

&gt; God takes it a step further in the immoral direction in that his punishment is everlasting torment.

If a soul is outside of Heaven, I really don't think God is doing any of the tormenting. Heaven is often likened to an estate with many rooms. He asks that we come to know Him as a father and to respect the rules of the estate. 

&gt; This isn’t a grey area, it’s evil. 

I don't have answers for everything; however, it does make sense that when this experiement called "Earth" ends, God may choose to leave people on it while He moves on to other business. Their not having a good time doesn't seem to be God's fault. I agree that the stakes seem pretty darn high. I don't know everything about that, and need to read more I guess.
In my mother's Catholic education, it was very strongly implied that it was much easier to get to heaven as a Roman Catholic than as an adherent of a different Christian denomination.
&gt; If that single moment takes a billion years, what difference does it make if it takes a trillion or goes on indefinitely?

A trillion is infinity less than infinity, so is a billion, so is anything but infinity. If someone has infinity dollars, no one else's dollars matter.

&gt;Please see the widely accepted rebuttal to that argument: https://www.iep.utm.edu/foreknow/

Free will is a whole other argument, determinism invalidates it, people disagree on the topic so there's really no way to change peoples minds on either side.

Also that's really long sorry I didn't read it, so lets say people do have free will. Even if someone nukes the world they don't deserve hell, it's not an equal punishment, no finite crime deserves infinite punishment.

&gt;So I see you completely ignored most of my points. If God is not just a person like you or I, but the essence of Love, Goodness and Existence itself, the foundation of this entire universe, of which we are created in His image, how does one choose to be separated from Him, yet still exist in any way shape or form

nonexistence is much, MUCH better than infinite pain
Oh, so what's your justification for hurting others, then?
Why do you hold your political opinions over the edicts of God? Are you a narcissist?
I don't know. The answer to that question could also answer [the Euthyphro Dilemma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euthyphro_dilemma) and the [Is-Ought Problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Is%E2%80%93ought_problem). Both have no widely accepted solutions, it is something beyond the limits of anyone's knowledge at present.
What's yours?
Here's two articles that  can answer your questions. 

https://www.americamagazine.org/issue/669/article/original-testament

https://www.americamagazine.org/faith/2018/04/06/what-official-church-teaching-homosexuality-responding-commonly-asked-question
Doesn't everybody (except for real anarchists - not the fashion posers) understand law and order and the need for it here in this world? You're saying that "kids thrown off the bus" could have been saved. I'm saying we don't know all the circumstances behind what happened to "them". A lot of this comes down to trust, and you will only trust if you get to know this Jesus person, and the best way to try to do that is to go directly to the story of His life (Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John in the bible) which can be found in movies, audiobooks, etc.
&gt;A trillion is infinity less than infinity, so is a billion, so is anything but infinity. If someone has infinity dollars, no one else's dollars matter.

But if a any amount of money buys you one loaf of bread, than a trillion, or a billion or one or an infinite number of dollars buys you one loaf of bread. If any amount of time can be as one moment for someone's perspective, then infinite time is still one moment for that person.

&gt;Free will is a whole other argument, determinism invalidates it, people disagree on the topic so there's really no way to change peoples minds on either side.

Determinism is a completely other topic. We were discussing free will and foreknowledge, which are most assuredly compatible.

&gt;Also that's really long sorry I didn't read it

Which is why I linked the half page wikipedia explanation. 

&gt;so lets say people do have free will. Even if someone nukes the world they don't deserve hell, it's not an equal punishment, no finite crime deserves infinite punishment.

Which I agree with, which is why either the crimes are infinite (only a possibility and not my stance) or the punishment is eternal in the sense of irreversible for all eternity (which is my stance).

&gt;nonexistence is much, MUCH better than infinite pain

Which I've argued for from the start.
That was just a long-winded recitation of your assertion from 2 comments ago.  I stand by my earlier reply.
You are going to ignore any clarification I make and insist that a misreading of one of my sentences invalidates what I've said? And no exhaustive clarifications or challenges to look directly at the things I'm referencing are valid either?

If you wanted to ignore me and end the discussion that's fine, but I'm not sure why you responded.
Thank you for this I think the same way!
If you can't come up with a coherent or cogent response to my comment I will accept your concession.
&gt;But if a any amount of money buys you one loaf of bread, than a trillion, or a billion or one or an infinite number of dollars buys you one loaf of bread.

If someone had infinity money, the inflation would be infinity, things would cost way more, all of the money in the world now woulden't buy a bottle of water, the person with infinity money would own everything.

&gt; If any amount of time can be as one moment for someone's perspective, then infinite time is still one moment for that person.

?

&gt;Which is why I linked the half page wikipedia explanation. 

(It is not possible that not P) entails (it is necessary that P), I disagree with this, if not P is every other possibility but P, only P can happen.

&gt; Which I agree with, which is why either the crimes are infinite (only a possibility and not my stance) or the punishment is eternal in the sense of irreversible for all eternity (which is my stance).

So if the punishment is eternal , and the crime isn't infinity, which is your stance, the person doing the punishing is evil. If the crime is infinite, not just in the eyes of god, than infinite punishment is acceptable. But there is no crime that can be done that is infinite, if god takes any action we do on earth as a infinite crime in his eyes, than that isn't fair and he is evil. Therefore no infinite punishment is acceptable, and it's evil.
Yes I am. Catholicism isnt based on the Old Testament believe it or not. Most of the OT is hyperbole and metaphors.
&gt;Gosh, I hate that story.  I'm really sorry.  Please don't reject the Church because of the bad behavior of ~~some~~ most pastors and ~~some~~ parishioners.
sure it is, drinking isn't a sin in Catholicism./s
And lots of the priests rape little kids and the church goes out of it's way to cover it up and protect them...can't forget about that.
Seriously, not being a Catholic, I was shocked the first time I saw a priest drinking beer.
The 10 commandments are the rules.  What is so hard or disagreeable about them?
I'm only leaving this quote: 

&gt; The Catechism of the Catholic Church also states that gays and lesbians can and should approach “Christian perfection” through chastity, with such supports as “the virtues of self-mastery that teach them inner freedom, at times by the support of disinterested friendship, by prayer and sacramental grace.”
(From the second source you linked)

I know that being gay isn't directly a sin. I was always told that it was their "cross to bear". So basically, the church is okay with gays so long as they deny themselves the love of another human being to please the god who created them that way.

Edit: downvote me if you want but God supposedly creates all things, so therefore he creates gay people. So he makes gays and wants to deny them love and sexual fulfilment with a partner because homosexual acts are a sin, but he created homosexuality since he creates all things supposedly. So he creates sinful things? Of course he does he created Satan and refuses to kill him. If he's omnipotent he'd have killed Satan by now. I mean afterall he did drown a planet and murder Job's family, ha can't handle a fallen angel? The god who can cure the sick and inflict plagues on Egypt can't handle Satan? The logic isn't even there if you actually think about it. 

I'm not arguing this any more. Enoy your convoluted fantasy.
yeah, I know a priest who likes his scotch.
It's a bit of a personal thing. If you choose that way it's on you. If you had a doubt or something was bothering you, you had the priest to talk about. No one has to follow you, you are your own man, not a child. She was a wrong on the attitude, but it is sort of true that you won't ever really leave. As long as you follow the principles and choose to do good and the 'rightful'way, you won't be even stepping away.    
The church is a place of counsel mostly and elucidation of the word of god and where you seek advice to matters like the ones that made you live or tuff decisions that can challange your morals and your faith.    
Idk man, pretty weird to step out like that, why not talk about this to your priest?
What about the Gospel of Mary or the Gospel of Judas? They both paint Jesus' life in different lights than the other apostles ever did. Just because a bunch of cunts at the Council of Nicea decided those books don't fit their narrative doesn't make them any less true. If you believe in the book you must believe in ALL the texts in the apocrapha as well. Otherwise you're being disingenuous and just cherry picking your beliefs to fit your own narrative and your confirmation bias.

As far as the "law and order" argument you must realize that the laws have changed drastically between the old and new testament. How do you account for that? Why did Yahweh change the laws it governs by? Was It wrong in Its previous laws?

And the idea that just because you created something means you can do what you will with it is just completely fucked up. If I created an A.I. that became completely sentient and, for all intents and purposes, alive could I just kill it off on a whim? Even when to do so would go against all ethics and morals?
&gt;If someone had infinity money, the inflation would be infinity, things would cost way more, all of the money in the world now woulden't buy a bottle of water, the person with infinity money would own everything.

&gt;?

The metaphor has lost it's original point. To reiterate, what do we know about "eternity"? In other words, what would a "timeless" existence even look like? Since time is relative, is it possible that the "eternal" suffering that is discussed is but a single moment for the sufferer, but is eternal from God's perspective? 

&gt;(It is not possible that not P) entails (it is necessary that P), I disagree with this, if not P is every other possibility but P, only P can happen.

What do you disagree with? What you've said and that statement are identical. Saying "only P is possible" is equivalent to "it is necessary that P".

Even so, from that statement we can not logically get to the statement that is the crux of the problem of future contingents (which is identical in form to the problem of foreknowledge and free will, since foreknowledge *is* a future contingent), the statement being, P entails it is necessary that P. 

For example, we could say:

(i)	God's knowledge that P entails it is not possible that not-P

(ii)	It is not possible that (P and not P)

(iii)	(It is not possible that not P) entails (it is necessary that P)

(or using your version) (It is not possible that not P) entails (Only P can happen)

From these latter two premises, one cannot validly infer the conclusion:

(iv) God's knowledge that P entails that only P can happen

&gt;So if the punishment is eternal , and the crime isn't infinity, which is your stance, the person doing the punishing is evil. If the crime is infinite, not just in the eyes of god, than infinite punishment is acceptable. But there is no crime that can be done that is infinite, if god takes any action we do on earth as a infinite crime in his eyes, than that isn't fair and he is evil. Therefore no infinite punishment is acceptable, and it's evil.

We'd have to be able to quantify crime to say anything about this. How much worse is killing a baby than killing an adult? 5 evilness units? Unless we can know which crimes are how bad, then we can not accurately say whether or not any crime is infinite or not. For example, we can easily determine that there is no such thing as infinitely cold, because cold is just a lack of heat. Do we know that there is no such thing as infinitely hot? Logically there is nothing *in* the universe that could be infinitely hot because there is finite energy, but what if we could tap something outside the universe? Just so, what if the scale of sin when weighing it against God could create an infinite weight? As we don't know how to properly quantify evil objectively and we don't really understand the full nature of God, it is at least *possible* that a sin against Him is infinite.

And to reiterate, I do not hold this stance, I personally believe in eternal destruction.
No, it wasn't.
Could you describe in what ways my response is not coherent or cogent? I used language that was mildly ambiguous in one comment and clarified in another. Are you saying we should never trust the words of anyone online that ever uses ambiguous language?
&gt; One of my biggest issues with Catholics is that they seem to not care about converting anyone but would rather purge their own members.

I can tell you they put in a lot of effort converting people in third world countries into Catholicism.
*Growing up Catholic* I was shocked the first time I saw a priest drinking beer.
Then you would know that the OT is full of truth and wisdom, and it is a necessary part of scripture and morality and is no less true than the new.  It is the story of creation and salvation leading up to the coming of the Son.  The OT scriptures absolutely point to Christ.  Yes it is full of hyperbole and metaphors, but that doesn't mean it isn't true.

And "Jesuit Catholicism" isn't a thing.  There is only Catholicism.  Jesuit spirituality isn't primarily supposed to be politically progressive, its focus is seeing God in every aspect of life.  It involves a great deal of mysticism, deep mental prayer, and self-discipline following the teachings and methods of St. Ignatius of Loyola.  All Catholics are required to believe with the Church on moral teaching as a component of being in perfect communion with the Church.
I'm saying that ambiguous language usually masks incoherent conclusions.  

On the other hand: if you don't care about convincing me of your point of view then it doesn't really matter and this conversation is a waste of my time.
&gt;Then you would know that the OT is full of truth and wisdom, and it is a necessary part of scripture and morality and is no less true than the new.  It is the story of creation and salvation leading up to the coming of the Son.  The OT scriptures absolutely point to Christ.  Yes it is full of hyperbole and metaphors, but that doesn't mean it isn't true.

So you are saying you agree with the person I was responding to that God is a homicidal maniac? Because that is literally the view of a lot of OT based sects of Christianity. That was my entire point. And yes the OT has important stories but they are not essentials for living life as a Catholic. Catholicism largely based it's views of life and morality on Jesus, not the OT.

&gt;And "Jesuit Catholicism" isn't a thing.  There is only Catholicism.  

You are arguing semantics. I put "Jesuit" to identify that it is different than a typical parish. Just like a Franciscan/Jesuit will identify as a Franciscan/Jesuit as a means of clarifying.

&gt;Jesuit spirituality isn't primarily supposed to be politically progressive, its focus is seeing God in every aspect of life.

In what way does progressive no matter what specifically mean politically progressive? Pope Francis being the first Jesuit pope was a big deal and had immediate impact as he was more progressive.

&gt;It involves a great deal of mysticism, deep mental prayer, and self-discipline following the teachings and methods of St. Ignatius of Loyola.  

Yes I am very aware. I grew up at a prestigious Jesuit high school and every week we did the examen. In addition I took a religious meditation class there. 

&gt;All Catholics are required to believe with the Church on moral teaching as a component of being in perfect communion with the Church.

And we are not required to believe that God is an intimidating murderer who will condemn you to hell for being a sinner.

But I do get a kick at you calling me "not a Catholic" which further proves the point of someone else in this thread that a lot of Catholics are more focused on trying to discredit other Catholics. I'll contribute to the discrediting, I've met an extremely large number of people in my life who follow Jesus's example through acts of love and kindness than those who go to Church and intently follow the OT.  Just look at this situation, I comment to someone that I recommend them to check out a different group in the Catholic Church than their parish in order to help them in seeing a better side of the church. Then you come in attacking me for semantics. What good are you doing to help him or me? All you're doing is making Catholics look bad.
Yeah, I left the Church a couple of years ago and whenever I bring it up people are like "you're baptised/confirmed, so you're still Catholic." Do I have to write to the pope or something?
Quick interjection: if the eternal punishment is an end of existence, wouldn't that mean that atheists are right inasmuch as it concerns themselves? That when they die they cease existing and just become a shell?
I think that's rather the area not the church as a whole, something like that would never happen where I live.
They were not supposed to do that according to canon law, even though it's a mortal sin, your father should've been allowed a funeral.
Haha, nope. But I'm not Catholic, I just don't think it matters. If there is a god, he/she/it's got you and knows where you're coming from. You are who you say you are, not who they say you are.
They didn't say that canon law was garbage. They said the catholic church was.

Though in this case, disparaging someone in that state of mind? Canon law is garbage.
The outer flesh is sweet, its the core that's rotten.
It has the right to, but it's not going to gain any friends or converts.

The church has the right to demonise and refusing to marry my gay friends, cause untold suffering by discouraging condom use and peddle its bullshit on a Sunday if it likes.

I have the right to vilify the Church and demonstrate my contempt as a result.

It's a free world.
Nope. Just someone who can see that the Emperor is wearing no clothes.
Ding ding ding! The truth is revealed... 

Dumb parishioners. What do they know? Fuck all, so they get a priest to tell them?  Wow.
Cradle Catholics tend to be pretty dumb since they never had to actually study their faith.  But I don't think this phenomenon is unique to Catholicism.
That individual Priest at that Church that decided his father couldn't have a funeral is responsible, not the Church. The Church and the Canon Law you claim is garbage wouldn't have allowed this, had that Father actually followed either of them.

No one is being disparaged for that state of mind, it's a matter of fact within the Catholic faith that he himself followed (as clearly he was to be buried in the Church) that suicide is a mortal sin, that doesn't mean that he couldn't be buried of course, but suicide is an inherently selfish act.
That's appalling! Maybe this is nudge from God to go back and evangelise them! I find God works in some strange ways- this may be one of them. We all belong to the body of Christ though most folk don't know it- and some certainly don't even try to act it! I would welcome you anytime. I am always amazed and humbled at newcomers as I am a cradle catholic and can only hope that if I hadn't been, I would have found my true home. Don't give the evil one another trophy! You go to mass to praise and adore God, not these self-righteous pharisees!
It’s a really tough thing...yes.  I’m a relative recent convert (had a fundamentalist Calvinist upbringing).  In fact, your books, videos, etc.,were seminal in my conversion.  I admire you so much.  I keep reminding myself that the Faith is separate from the clerical bureaucracy.  I feel pain especially for the multitudes of priests who honor their vows (whatever their “gender”)....I could go on.  Thank you for your boldness....I don’t think it’ll help you move up the hierarchy...but I suspect that’s not your purpose in life.
Agreed.
[removed]
[deleted]
Give unto Ceaser...

It's like people don't even fucking own a bible.

Honestly, even Paul admits that legal doctrine has to change and adapt to suit the times, and as a Catholic, I'm perfectly entitled to think that laws prohibiting abortion were just when abortion was dangerous, and that abortions are murder, while still supporting people's right to obtain one in particular circumstances.
I never said the person was selfish, you're attributing those words to me when I clearly said suicide is an inherently selfish act. 

Just like murder is, in this case you are murdering yourself.

And apologies if I don't really care about someone I don't know trying to shame me on the truth, I guess what I could say is fuck you too?
And I think the Bishops reply was basically don't reject and form your view of the Catholic church as a whole because of one Catholic Church who did not act in accordance with canon law. Like just because you had one rotten apple doesn't mean all the apples are rotten.
&gt; a bunch of cunts

A discussion cannot be had without a foundation of respect for each other. If you're a big D&amp;D player, and I say D&amp;D is a mental masturbation for incompetent gay incel boys with little wieners, you might say I was being a bit disrespectful. It's not a fine foundation for lots of nice discussion. 

&gt; don't fit their narrative

If you have kids, you filter the information that goes to them - not to be a lying gnat - but to lead them in the right way and prevent them from coming into contact with harmful stuff. The trust you have - or don't have - determines the judgement you have for these parental figures.

&gt; If you believe in the book you must believe in ALL the texts in the apocrapha as well.

Like if I believe CNN then I should believe FN also; right?

&gt; your confirmation bias

It comes down to trust. If you have none, there's no reason to talk with anybody claiming to be an authority.

&gt; the "law and order" argument

My only objective was to say we really understand the need for law and order here; why would it be so hard to understand God's need for it?

&gt; Why did Yahweh change the laws it governs by? Was It wrong in Its previous laws?

I don't understand everything, and will have to ask Him myself if/when I'm fortunate enough to meet Him, but what I can say is that God's fairness never changed. OT justice was dispensed quickly and harshly, sometimes via blood sacrifice. His death on the cross changed that big time, and no, I don't "get it". I do know that justice will still be dispensed with exacting fairness; it just may not be as soon as some would like.

&gt; And the idea that just because you created something means you can do what you will with it is just completely fucked up.

Well, is it really so unreasonable especially if your AI begins to try to electrocute you or your family? Who can understand the mind of God? We are taught to be like children and trust - instead of demanding explanations for every single little thing like [this ST:TNG character.](http://memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/Ralph_Offenhouse)
[deleted]
How does that affect one's political thought. The supposed virtue of democracy is that one can  choose a representative of their views as per one's freedom of conscience. How can one then perjure Catholic teachings when given freedom of thought? Church is crystal clear on its position on the sanctity of life which begins with conception and yet you think you have leave to depart from church teaching and expect to remain in fulness with Christ.
Oh, you can't wriggle out of that one.  

With your words "suicide is an inherently selfish act", you disparage this man's father. Can you imagine what pain someone must be in to get to that point?

With no knowledge or sense of love or compassion, you negatively label them? Because your church tells you to?

Wow.
Your comparison completely fails to acknowledge the difference in relationships according to religious doctrine. The erroneous equating of the two serves to make your philosophical question quite trivial, as intended.
Can that person imagine the pain they’ve put everyone else through for the rest of their lives? I can, as someone whose brother committed suicide. Seriously go fuck yourself. 

Suicide is selfish. Even if it’s wrought by mental anguish, that act will eternally be selfish and you leave behind victims of your selfish act. 

Don’t always assume you know everything about who you’re talking to, because I’ve experienced this brutally.
I'm explicitly stating that canon law is garbage (particularly concerning gay marriage, patriarchy, attitude to contraception and claims on Mary's virginity).

In my analogy, the church is one apple, sweet in the outside, rotten at the core.
Forget religion and focus on the act. If you have a kid, family, ot whatever and the kill yourself, you probably didnt think too much on how this would screw with the family and what kind of impact it woukd have. Not every case is like this before you even bring it up, but there is a bit of selfishness in the act itself delending on curcumstances.
Question: what is the punishment for committing a mortal sin?

Answer (I looked it up):

 the Catechism of the Catholic Church,  states: "The teaching of the Church affirms the existence of hell and its eternity. Immediately after death the souls of those who die in a state of mortal sin descend into hell, where they suffer the punishments of hell, 'eternal fire'."

So your canon law damns him to eternal fire. Nice.
Selfish from who's perspective? Many  believe that them being gone will spare the ones the care about pain of having to deal with them. Of course they are wrong but they don't know that, they are not well. I personally think the word selfish in context of suicides lacks a lot..
They are a set of rules, there are over 600 commandments in the OT, what is special about those ten?
In order for a sin to be mortal, three conditions must be met: (1) The sin must have grave matter, (2) one must have adequate knowledge that it is a grave offense, and (3) one must commit the offense with deliberate consent (CCC 1857–1859). If one of these conditions is not met, the sin will be venial, not mortal.  

First off that is the consideration of what is and is not a mortal sin, but a person with a mortal sin cannot go into heaven according to the church.  But then again, who can and cannot get into heaven would still be in God's hands at the end of times so there is no way for humans to know, but they can believe.
Selfish in that you’ve made everyone around you an eternal victim, and can potentially bring more suicide and life altering catastrophes like deep depression. That’s pretty selfish.
As I mentioned earlier, I don't think selfish is very effective in describing a rather complex set of circumstances that lead to a human taking his own life.
You replied to me. I do.
I suppose that depends on your views of those issues. (I'm not a church member or an advocate of the church just discussing).  

For example, it is not some universal truth gay marriage is acceptable/unacceptable, it is the current societal view. That could change over time and certainly has. Should the church change its beliefs because society has? That is a pretty deep and complicated question that I will say doesn't have a 'correct' answer and boils down to what the role of the church is. 

With that said we are free to think a church is rotten because their beliefs do not conform with ours or our society but that doesn't make its members beliefs 'wrong' it makes them different and we are free not to engage with them and oppose them. But all your examples there is no universal 'right' answer to what is 'okay/correct'.
I'm sorry for your loss, but your church condemns your brother to Hell. Can't you see that this is wrong?
OK, so you are suffering unendurable pain and you go to Switzerland to end it all.  You do so with the full love and support of your family.

The Church condemns you to Hell. No questions asked. Pathetic.
I was citing the Catechism. So the Church's word.

The church condemns them to eternal fire.
If you don't realize you're committing a mortal sin, then you aren't going to be damned to hell. Just like Native Americans or Tribes people who murder, will not go to hell. They did not know better.
Man. I hate to break it to you, but no matter where you go in society there will always be immoral/bad people. The Church is no exception to this rule. There will always be corrupt cops, abusive family members, robbers, managers that like to steal, judges that accept bribes and so on. It has nothing to do with the institution. It has everything to do with the individual. To blame the Catholic Church as a whole who clearly have standards that go against what the bad apples are doing. Is a very simple mindset and basic idea of how society should run. You can't say everyone is bad because one person is bad. That's not how society is.
I know I replied to you.
"Forget religion and focus on the act" and "Not every case is like this before you even bring it up"? Damn dude, at the very least read. Dont bring religion into the point i was making. If you dont agree with suicide being a selfish act, cool. But dont shoehorn something else into it and argue against something i am not even bringing to the table.
Agreed completely.

Ive been very active in this AMA, as I have a very strong viewpoint - I will strongly argue for gay marriage and condom use and against religious instruction of minors, for example, because I want to see society change on those issues.

Should the church (and by this I mean the Vatican) change its canon? Probably not.  To do so would strengthen its position in the world, and I don't want that.  It is a weakened and dying adherence to a static set of doctrines that will cause its downfall.

However, whilst I can't respect weak belief systems, I do find China's attitude towards religion to be sickening.  Using force to fight against religion is an admission of failure. "Our arguments are weak, so we'll use force.". Like terrorists, what patheticly weak minds they must have to have to resort to force.

The way to change minds is with dialogue, argument and debate. Something the Bishop has kept well clear of.
They're not going to Hell. Hell doesn't exist. Its the self-righteous damnation to Hell that's the sin.
That’s like saying a scientist has condemned an animal to evolution. The CChurch didn’t condemn my brother to hell, my brother condemned himself to hell. I’ll pray for him and hope that God forgives him. But he did that mortal act. Not the Church.
I'm not talking about bad apples around the edge, I'm talking about the bad doctrine at the heart of the Church.
Well if you’re not going to give a counter argument and you’re just going to say you disagree because you find that word too narrow there’s not a whole lot to talk about here.
Not sure there is much to argue or dabate here. You think it's selfish and that's fine, I don't dispute it. I just take a bit of an issue with the word itself as it has undertones of anger and doesn't really say much.
I hereby condemn all animals to evolution, even Christians.
I'm not debating if Hell Exists or not with you. What I am debating is, your severe lack of knowledge about Catholic Doctrine. Before you become critical of a subject you should probably read up on it first.
You should read *The Great Divorce* by C.S. Lewis. It has a much more sophisticated view on what "hell" is that isn't just gothic torture art.
Then look up what hell is in the Catholic church too please.  Hell is the absence of God and the eternal separation.  Imagery has colloquially been a place of fire and damnation, but that is to represent the pain that the soul would feel being away from God.
I left the church because my priest molested me. Are you trying to tell me I was wrong to do so?
I don't think the Catholic Church operates the Church the way that Jesus would. I think Catholics care a lot more about rules than having a relationship with God, and I think that makes them look a lot like the Pharisees (the only people Jesus condemned). I'm sorry you had a bad experience and one day I hope you find a church who teaches people how to act like Jesus and be more as loving to others as he was.
Your Baptism and Confirmation left indelible marks on your soul, and those are the Sacraments that signify Church membership, not your name on a piece of paper somewhere. That's why people say you can't leave, you can't undo a Sacrament.
In heaven there's a shortage of chairs. Yeah.
See, I am debating the non-existence of Hell.  That's kind of the point of the argument.  The church uses damnation as a completely unnecessary and erroneous means of control over the living.
A fiction writer has a better handle on Hell than the Church.  Got it.
I am citing the Catholic Church. The Catechism of the Catholic Church, states: "The teaching of the Church affirms the existence of hell and its eternity. Immediately after death the souls of those who die in a state of mortal sin descend into hell, where they suffer the punishments of hell, 'eternal fire'."

Yes, stuff about God doesn't live in Hell too, I understand your point.  But nor would if I were Her. Bit too warm.
&gt;The church uses damnation as a completely unnecessary and erroneous means of control over the living.

The church doesn't use hell for anything. It's just a matter of fact for anyone who believes in Catholicism. Just like if you place your hand on a stove it will hurt. Sure, you can say hey if you do that you'll burn yourself but, it's not "controlling" what you do. The church can't tell someone they're going to hell. That is for God to decide. No Man, woman or mortal can ever be for sure that someone is going to hell. The Church can only tell you what to do to avoid eternal damnation, the rest is up to you. Just like how your mother can only tell you not to burn your hand on a stove. Whether you burn it or not is up to you. Not even the Pope can tell you that you're going to hell.
&gt;I clearly said suicide is an inherently selfish act.

Not that I am advocating suicide, but how can it be inherently selfish if it removes the person's own self? On the other hand, the person themself might be selfish or be doing it for selfish reasons.

&gt;in this case you are murdering yourself.

It's not murder if it's consensual. And if you don't consent to yourself killing yourself, then you are crazy or mentally ill, so it shouldn't be held against you any more than an accident that isn't due to negligence or irresponsibility. 

Would you say someone is going to hell for a having a heart attack? Suicide is similarly a medical condition.
Drinking really isn’t a sin in any sect of Christianity. But getting shit faced is.
The saying is "one bad apple spoils the whole bunch." It doesn't help your point to mention it.
Cool not using a proverb, creating an analogy.
But this person's experience is far from unique!

Personally, I feel that the amount of theology on sin we have is partly to blame. We talk so much about what it is, what makes something venial or mortal, what sins existed in our relgious history (in the Bible) that it's inevitable that we judge our fellow Catholics constantly. 

I appreciate the comment you made elsewhere about using the Bible to identify themes and patterns rather than looking to it for specific rules for behavior, but IRL it seems we get stuck on rules anyway (thanks, CCC?). How can the Church do better at this? Not as individuals, but as a religious body. How can it be ensured that all Catholics, all over the globe, get away from obsessing over sin to the point of condemning their fellow Catholics?
However, the proverb is relevant to your analogy. In a way that diminishes your point. You have "one rotten apple," you should expect people to think of the rest.
Is your name John? I have a friend who literally has that same story.. or maybe it's more common than I initially thought?
Yeah unfortunately many religious people are shifty people that choose to hide their actions behind their religion. It happens in all religions though. In sorry for your experience.
[deleted]
Milk makes goat meat more palatable? Molten gods and leavened bread are awesome? What the hell is the festival of weeks?
Just want to say I completely agree with your argument. Also, people literally cannot comprehend infinity. They couldn’t understand the concept of hell even if they tried; if they did, they would never sin (or do everything in their power, all the time).
&gt;You're focusing only on part of the OT. Did God not have a right to act on His judgments of the beings He created?

Yeahhh that's not going to hold up in court. Not only is it homicide, it's murder.

&gt;It seems like you're calling the bus driver evil because he chose to kick off some kids he thought were up to no good.

Whether they're up to no good or not, or if he's evil or not, if he kicks them off and it causes their deaths, it's homicide.
&gt;If there were no genetic defects, can we really say that such a change to all of human history would result in a situation that is better than today?

Yes. Are you even serious? In fact, that is the wish and mission of many people around the world today, and has been for as long as people have been around. Innovators and scientists have pushed humanity forward. Are you telling me you’d rather live 1000 years ago when you or your child could die easily from a genetic disease like hemophilia?
&gt;My only objective was to say we really understand the need for law and order here; why would it be so hard to understand God's need for it?

So why doesn't an all powerful being create law and order, instead of weird revenge killing after the fact.

&gt;OT justice was dispensed quickly and harshly, sometimes via blood sacrifice. His death on the cross changed that big time, and no, I don't "get it".

Sounds pretty unlawful and chaotic when you put it that way.

&gt;Well, is it really so unreasonable especially if your AI begins to try to electrocute you or your family?

Humans were "electricuting" god and his family, so he killed everyone including his family?

&gt;We are taught to be like children and trust - instead of demanding explanations for every single little thing

Have you met children? And are you saying that you shouldn't explain to children your reasoning for things? How would they trust you if you don't?
The OT is there as part of a negotiation strategy. First, you present an absolutely awful God with horrible tendencies that no one in their right mind would agree is someone you’d want to worship (even Catholics argue this by saying to ignore the OT). Then, by comparison the NT is great, and a total relief. Boom, sold.
If you don't take the old testament seriously, then where the hell did the god in the new testament come from?
I am simply telling you that if you have never truly met an older person or authority figure that you could trust, I understand completely why you can't trust God, and you know what? He'll understand every pain and trouble you have as well. Life is not forever. It wasn't meant to be that way. That's why not one single soul has been able to prolong his/her life regardless how rich they were.
Procreation

Pro... creation
Maybe the biggest problem I have with atheists is that they crown themselves King of All That Is. They act like things don't exist unless it's been explained to their satisfaction. What about Pluto? Nah - it ain't there - unless Neil de flockin deGrasse Tyson shows me the effin physics.

 Like Star Trek? There was this TNG episode in the first season called "The Neutral Zone". Atheists basically act like the Offenhouse character - little babies with no faith and full of themselves.
&gt;I understand completely why you can't trust God

Before trust, you first need to pick a god to believe in. It's ok to trust people, but trusting without reasoning is retarded.

&gt;He'll understand every pain and trouble you have as well.

So can anyone with empathy and a functioning brain.

&gt;Life is not forever

Except in religions it is.

&gt;That's why not one single soul has been able to prolong his/her life regardless how rich they were.

On my planet, we have medicine and food preservation for that.

&gt;I am simply telling you that if you have never truly met an older person or authority figure that you could trust

Why older people and authority figures? And why can't gods gain trust directly without first having us practice on authoritarians and the elderly?

Are you even Christian?
Pretty sure the church and Jesus, himself, would want you to forgive your brother. Not necessarily for his sake, but so you can heal, I sincerely hope you find the strength to do that some day.
The Southern Baptists would like to have a word with you...
Show we where the Word says you can’t have a glass of wine and I’ll show you a guy who turned some water into it.
I'm not saying I agree, I'm just pointing out that the SBC considers alcohol consumption sinful.
&gt;Maybe the biggest problem I have with atheists is that they crown themselves King of All That Is. They act like things don't exist unless it's been explained to their satisfaction. What about Pluto? Nah - it ain't there - unless Neil de flockin deGrasse Tyson shows me the effin physics.

  


&gt;Like Star Trek? There was this TNG episode in the first season called "The Neutral Zone". Atheists basically act like the Offenhouse character - little babies with no faith and full of themselves.

This is the most Poe's law thing I have ever read.

Your biggest problem with atheists is the same as atheists biggest problem with (monotheistic) religions. Atheists (unfortunately not all of them) act like things don't exist unless they have evidence backing them up. Like Pluto. We know it's there because we can see it with telescopes, and have sent satellites to it. We live in a physical world, so how is a priest's or shaman's insane ramblings supposed to convince anyone without brainwashing them first?

&gt;Atheists basically act like the Offenhouse character - little babies with no faith and full of themselves.

So this is your way of coming out as an atheist...
Psychopathic. The homicidal part is where he supposedly kills everybody.
&gt; Before trust, you first need to pick a god to believe in. It's ok to trust people, but trusting without reasoning is retarded.
 
The design and contingency argument make it clear to people who don't buy Richard Dawkins' evolution stories that a creator exists. After that, it's a matter of having trust in your teachers like Jesus. Yeah, trust is retarded because it's not an intellectual thing. 

&gt; So can anyone with empathy and a functioning brain.

So, you'd rather not contemplate His empathy for you because people can do that too? Your choice.

&gt; Except in religions it is.

You have a choice about how to interpret all of this. I am not out to convert you; however, I am here to represent theists and make it clear that they have as much logic and thought behind their conclusions as atheists. You can walk outside at night and discuss your dreams with your best buds and conclude at the end of the night that it's all farts and brain masturbation... or you can consider that maybe your dreams have a role to play in why you exist. Your choice. 

&gt; On my planet, we have medicine and food preservation for that.

I'd like to hear more about that because not a single human soul from Cleopatra to Napoleon has been able to prevent their own deaths. If you have a way to do that, let me know.

&gt; why can't gods gain trust directly without first having us practice on authoritarians and the elderly?

Direct conversion has occurred. The bible urges us somewhere to not be too harsh with kids lest the children grow disheartened. What I'm saying is that if a kid grows up with an adult or authority figure they've come to love but not necessarily understand will help them more easily make the jump to trusting God.
Yes, they threw you out because of your monstrous mental capacity.
[deleted]
I suspect that we are peacefully coming to a conclusion that we have very smart reasons to disagree. I wish you the best. Atheists have a lot to live for: peace, prosperity, growth, etc. I hope you get it all and more.
&gt;The design and contingency argument make it clear to people who don't buy Richard Dawkins' evolution stories that a creator exists. After that, it's a matter of having trust in your teachers like Jesus. Yeah, trust is retarded because it's not an intellectual thing.

Evolution is an observable phenomenon, not a story, and not Richard Dawkins. None of my teachers were named Jesus, not sure why you brought that up. Biblical and Koranic Jesuses weren't teachers so you can't be taking about them, right? Trust not based on reasoning is retarded, intellect is irrelevant.

&gt;So, you'd rather not contemplate His empathy for you because people can do that too? Your choice.

Whose empathy?

&gt;I am here to represent theists and make it clear that they have as much logic and thought behind their conclusions as atheists.

Even when theists use actual logic, it's garbage in garbage out.

&gt;or you can consider that maybe your dreams have a role to play in why you exist

My dreams which are all nonsensical and cannot be applied to real life are why I exist?

&gt;I'd like to hear more about that because not a single human soul from Cleopatra to Napoleon has been able to prevent their own deaths.

You've never heard of vaccines preventing deadly illness, surgery preventing people from bleeding out, antibiotics and antivirals saving people from infection, antivenom saving people from animal bites, antihistamines preventing death from allergic reactions, etc?

&gt;What I'm saying is that if a kid grows up with an adult or authority figure they've come to love but not necessarily understand will help them more easily make the jump to trusting God.

What you're saying contradicts the supposed powers and authorities of the supposed gods.
It is very common because the Catholic Church preaches that suicide is a sin.
shitty people are everywhere; people make justifications for their horrible actions. one thing that I would keep in mind when dealing with us or most people is they are extremely preoccupied with their own lives. We assume everyone has it better than us, "first impressions" are often the wrong impression.

they didn't know because they actually weren't listening, we didn't know because we didn't ask. The behavior was allowed because it was never called out on, so the cycle goes on. 

I have a mental illness, and I had ADD when I was younger. It sucked growing up with teachers that wouldn't believe me. I don't pretend to be the greatest person, and I have a slew of faults. But I ask the questions, and I try to break the cycle.

After all how can we ever get along if we don't build bridges... it is a hard battle and the way people treat me gets me very depressed. But i keep on fighting because if i won't who will, and I would want someone to fight for me.

I don't know if any of this made sense, I kind of ramble; and Septembers are hard for me.
Agreed. Suicide affects SO many more people than the one committing the act. I've seen first-hand how incredibly selfish it is and the weight of the burden I puts on everyone around them. No matter what you're going through or how hard life is, suicide allows you to escape your problems and puts them on everyone you ever cared about. To me that's the definition of selfish.
lol, who believes this besides yourself?
FYI lots of Catholics aren’t fervently opposed to abortion
&gt;This is fucking evil. God sets some rules, and when those are broken they really don't have much effect to him, if they affect him in a way that makes him put people in hell he is unstable and evil.

  


&gt;&gt;I mentioned it only as one of the possible arguments, of which you have not really given a rebuttal to except for just saying its wrong.

  


So a narcissist sets arbitrary rules, some of which are impossible to follow. None of the rules affect him in any way, since he is omnipotent. When people fail, he sends them to eternal torture. Totally reasonable. No one can think that this is evil. If anyone that you didn't worship did anything similar, would you still believe the same?
You must have found the one parish with people like this.
Why do you even respond to me? What is the point of this for you? To let me know you disagree and have reasons for it? I already know that. Seems you can't acknowledge the same in me without using words like "retarded". What a pain.

&gt; Trust not based on reasoning is retarded

Looks like I found somebody with a horrible childhood. No child applies the scientific method to deciding if they trust their parents. Either they do, or they don't.

&gt; Even when theists use actual logic, it's garbage in garbage out.

That's an insult. We're done. Imagine I started this talk by saying, "Everything you say is absolute crap." WHY THE EFF EVEN START IF THAT'S WHAT YOU BELIEVE? WHAT A WASTE OF TIME. It just shows that you were out for a fight from the beginning - not a respectful co-understanding.

&gt; You've never heard of...

So, you're going to evade death? And you suggest I am an idiot? I believe in optimism, but this concept has a 0% success rate. Go for it. You won't be the first.
&gt;The only teaching of Jesus' that I listed there was that the moral evil causes death and pain, and that the Way of The Kingdom of God brings life and healing. Is that teaching false?

Yes, this is false.

Death and pain will happen while life exists and pain isn't a detriment to survival of a species. You will feel pain and die even when evil isn't a factor.

Your way and those of any other religions and superstitions haven't ever healed anyone. Life existed before religion and will exist after.
Who says I don't forgive him? That doesn't change the fact his actions were selfish.
&gt;Looks like I found somebody with a horrible childhood. No child applies the scientific method to deciding if they trust their parents. Either they do, or they don't.

My childhood was better than most, considering what I've seen happen to others. Ideally, children should apply the scientific method if they want to understand how to do anything. But before even that, they should be exposed to reasoning. You literally retard their social and mental development by withholding your explanations. I'm lucky in that I didn't have to trust people who didn't care enough about me to even give simple explanations like reasonable adults.

&gt;&gt; Even when theists use actual logic, it's garbage in garbage out.

&gt;That's an insult. We're done.

Ok let's rephrase. Even when theists use arguments based on formal logic instead of faith, they make assumptions that taint their arguments. It's a common phrase where if you are given bad data, you will get bad results. However some of what you said is actual crap, like your horrible childhood bit, or your never knowing someone you could trust bit.

Incidentally, some of what you've written before can be considered insults.

&gt;So, you're going to evade death?

I've already evaded death, and will continue to do so until I die. That's how life works. Without modern-ish medical knowledge, I would likely have died shortly after being born.

&gt;Why do you even respond to me? What is the point of this for you?

I want to know the perspectives of people that differ from those I've already seen. Like many people on Reddit. I'll ask you the same.

&gt;using words like "retarded".

There was no word that I could have used in that sentence which wouldn't have upset you less while still being clear in what I meant. Do you have a suggestion?
You can request to have your information removed from archives. If you know where you were baptized they would have your records.
Yes please keep taking your children to church. They need young vital fresh flesh to keep their libidos strong.
Man, fuck you. You think because it made you sad, your own brother deserves to burn in hell for eternity? Your reasoning is literally, "regardless of your own suffering, you cant make other people sad or you will burn in hell for eternity"
[deleted]
That's like saying the government doesn't use taxation to control you - it's  just a fact for those that subscribe to democracy.

You believe in taxation, its not up to an individual politician to tax you.  No politician can tax you, not even the President himself!

Im sorry to tell you this, but heaven, hell, Noahs ark, the burning bush, water into wine, loaves and fishes, angels, devils, rules, commandments, bans on mixed fabric and beard shaving, no women clergy, anti-gay rhetoric, virgin births, the whole shebang... All Made Up. By men. In vast numbers of books, thousands of years ago, then selectively edited, in Committee, by men, so that they can aquire and maintain power.  The power of control so that the congregation pay them tithes.

Now you say you believe it. No you don't. That's a lie you tell yourself.

You don't really believe that all animals on earth went onto the ark and that the entire world was flooded. It's a parable, a fairy story - something that parents tell their children to get them to behave. An exaggeration, a lie.

Same with heaven and hell. You might want to believe, but you actually don't.

Now were you to say: but heaven and hell are a spiritual metaphor - a way of remembering good and bad people after they die, then yes, Hitler is in hell and Freddy Mercury is in Heaven, but they are a metaphor, and nothing more.
You wanted someone to contact you after you left just to ask you why? If someone had contacted you, would you have come back? This seems weird to me. You left on your own, that's why no one asked you why. They respected your decision to leave. As for that woman who said you can never truly leave the church, bullshit, of course you can. You just did.
Molestation of children is where I draw the line.
Yup. I don't think Christ, or God, demand that we stick rigorously to church doctrine when we feel it's in direct violation of our moral duty. I think there's plenty of support for that in the bible, and it's also worth pointing out that the opposition to abortion comes from doctrine, not dogma. The difference between doctrine and dogma is literally that dogma MUST be followed, while doctrine  is to be viewed as a representation of the church's current views, subject to change.
Selfish is the wrong word. I guess it's better the one in pain should suffer instead cause it makes everyone around then feel better. Mental illness is so often treated as something that just can be fixed but it not. 

Calling yourself a victim of suicide saddens me. It appears your more concerned about how it affects others. Who's pain is worse?
As someone who constantly deals with thoughts of suicide, fuck you. 

Multiple times a day I feel utter hopelessness and fuck knobs like you tell me it will get better or look on the bright side but nothing has changed in 28+ years since my first suicide attempt. Years of therapy, pills that messed with my mind and caused irreparable damage to relationships because of how they altered my mental state, you hurt and I understand but who hurt more? Take solace that your brother isn't in a living hell because no one is sure if there's anything after this life.

Edit: I guess since you're playing the victim card I already know your answer. You'd rather be the selfish one and feel better having him suffer cause it's easier for you to deal with him in utter agony vs you having to deal with the pain.
I met a born again who told me that the wine that Jesus drank was unfermented, so basically Jesus turned water into grape juice.
[deleted]
I was asking for that as a sign from God. Had someone contacted me then, I would have viewed it as God’s way of telling me I was in the right place and not wasting my time.
Yeah, I’m afraid that’s just a cop out to coincide with their personal views as lots of Baptist do find it “sinful”. There is simply no basis for that as the Greek word for wine is the same one that Paul tells us not to get “drunk” over. Just another example on how people can interpret the Bible to manipulate it to their own agenda.
This, it sounds like you had a bad experience with a particular parish that has not developed the same sense of community that was in mine as I grew up.  This said, along with several others I am now largely agnostic but find myself tending back to my Catholicism because I WANT to believe in it. I, like many others may not necessarily have had many signs throughout my life or have seen conclusive evidence supporting or denying the claims of my faith but I do believe that this does not mean I should not believe it. It’s called faith for a reason, I have not experienced anything else closer to what I believe to be the “something else” I have felt and I choose to believe but would not consider myself heavily practicing etc
Yea I didn't agree with her at all, I just thought the mental gymnastics was funny enough to remember it 12 or so years later.
I went to a Christian school and heard stuff like this all the time.
&gt;I'm saying that ambiguous language usually masks incoherent conclusions.

Which is why I clarified so that my conclusion follows from unambiguous language.

&gt;On the other hand: if you don't care about convincing me of your point of view then it doesn't really matter and this conversation is a waste of my time.

I am trying to convince you. I said you should test the words of Christ if they were true, you said that they were not because **I** said that Jesus said all pain is caused by sin. I clarified **my** words, and pointed to what **Jesus** said. What does my ambiguous language or my claims have to do with what Jesus actually said?

So again, which of the teachings of Jesus Christ has proven false?
It is said that we will all stand before God and face judgement. So when an atheist that has refused God dies they would stand before Him, have their lives accounted for and then be sent to Hell. So, it wouldn't be anything so pleasant as a slipping into oblivion, and I am sure the process of destruction itself would not be pleasant. Furthermore, they would know that they could have lived eternally in perfection.
And consider the fact that because of that wish and mission man people have worked together despite cultural and ideological differences. Consider how the pursuit of science to better man has crafted friendships between nations at war.

I am simply saying that *I do not know* what history altogether would look like without natural evil. What if a world without natural evil lead to the Roman empire consuming the world, and they just continued to enslave people and never needed steam power? There are a million scenarios that *could* have played out and we are simply unable to know the full extant of the differences we would cause by changing fundamental laws of nature.
I have already had this discussion later in this very comment chain.
The only teaching of Jesus' that I listed there was that the **moral** evil causes death and pain, and that the Way of The Kingdom of God brings life and healing. Is that teaching false?
&gt; You literally retard their social and mental development by withholding your explanations.

Nobody recommended withholding explanations or keeping kids in the dark in any way. Even if you answer the most inquisitive kid's questions, the point will arrive where s/he won't be satisfied by them, and the kid has to either trust or rebel. 

"Why do I have to go to school?" 

"Because you need an education." 

"Why?" 

"Because it will allow you to better understand life as well as provide you with the means to work." 

"Why? We have enough money, and I can learn everything I need on the internet."

If the kid can look at Mom or Dad and see someone they know really cares for them, it's motivation to just give up the interrogation and just go to school especially if a parent sweetens the deal like by offering ice cream afterwards, which cynics will call "bribery" and others "affection". The attitude makes all the difference. If the kid demands ice cream, the parent should refuse it because the kid is attempting a power grab via manipulation, but if the kid peacefully accepts, it's highly likely that both understand it to be simple, unconditional affection.

If the kid doesn't give up the interrogation, you then have a situation where the kid is threatening the natural order of a home, an institution built on a hierarchy of authority - just like Heaven. If a person can't learn to trust here, I can see why Heaven is a bit hard to accept. You say you've had a great childhood, and I apologize if my searching for explanations led to a suggestion you considered to be insulting. I don't doubt you were happy, but I am still suggesting that things may have been out of order. I am doubting if you ever learned to trust without your parents bending to *your* authority. Am I so off to suggest that maybe you demanded explanations for everything, and they complied? Either way, that is not how a hierarchy is supposed to work. The kids are not supposed to think they have the power to dig their heels into the ground and halt everything if they don't get answers acceptable to them. Kids become that way if empowered by the parents. That's not kindness. It's like the Offenhouse character in ST:TNG and Cartman in South Park when he met Cesar Millan. Those are 2 characters who are not in authority, but they sure demand it.

We face authority everywhere. On the street, in supermarkets, etc. Of course, those power figures motivate people to comply for reasons other than trust. Either way, a person challenging authority is a threat to the order whether it be good or bad, justified or not. IMO, the whole world is like an island on the show, Survivor. It's a temporary environment designed to limit our resources. I think we're here to learn about things like authority from each other and our parents - and the understanding that most of the time you won't get all the answers you want even if you've used your entire apparatus of science.

Please get it clearly in your brain that I am typing all this not to convert you, but to explain why christians don't see this as weakness. Verse 5 of [this passage](http://www.usccb.org/bible/proverbs/3) is one of the hardest for me to accept. You don't, and I'm ok with that. I can still respect you without trying to point out what I consider to be absurd flaws in your thinking. Can you do the same with me? I'm tired of atheists saying, "Yeah, I get what you're saying, but that's ridiculous because..." They seriously should just end it with "saying". It would be a demonstration they are secure in their beliefs.
&gt;  One of my biggest issues with Catholics is that they seem to not care about converting anyone 

You're (mostly) not wrong here.  Catholic evangelism really isn't much of a thing in the US. I assume there's a bit more of it in certain other countries.  

&gt;I was even told I should leave because I have a separation of church and state view in regards to political issues.

This is odd, and suggests you ended up an unusual parish -- although the meaning of "separation of church and state" varies from person to person some fairly expansive concept of it was officially codified during Vatican II.
If you follow this logic and refuse to make any strong statements, you can pretty much discount anything. Helping people? Who knows. Doing good in the world? That might lead to further evil down the road, so let’s not do that. 

Yeah, I would definitely want to live in a world without natural evil. It’s a no-brainer.
I am not saying that *we* should not seek to remove natural evil, I am saying it is possible that an omnipotent, omniscient being would not want to remove all natural evil. 

For example, if a doctor was treating someone and gave them penicillin for the first time, but the patient had an allergic reaction to it, the doctor was still doing good even though someone who knew they were allergic to penicillin would have been evil to give it to them.

Furthermore, if it so happens that the point of natural evil is that we deal with it ourselves and that it brings us together, then of course we should work to remove it even while it would not make sense for God to remove it for us.

I repeat, we *don't know* what changing the fundamental nature of reality would do to human history, and we can't know every possible outcome of our actions, while God does. We can only do what we think is best, even while not knowing if God  would have done something different, since we are not God.
Yawn, what’d you think you’d get from throwing out your unneeded opinion? You just thought you’d change my mind on religion? “OH NO some random dude on the internet told me God isn’t real!!!! What will I do with my life?!” You sound just crazy and feel like you have nothing to work for so therefore you have to convince others God doesn’t exist for whatever motivation you want. Also no taxation is a physical thing, the Church doesn’t do anything physical to keep you in line.
I disagree. I think you can definitely say that natural evils are pointless and harmful, and it’d be better if they never existed and never led to millions of people throughout history suffering horribly. Maybe you and I can’t design a world like that (for now), but whatever God you believe  in surely can. And if he can’t, well, that proves it’s not omnipowerful.
Is it or is it not *possible* that any set of physics that are self-sustaining and allow for an optimal amount of moral freedom would also inevitably allow for some level of natural evil? C. S. Lewis wrote a book called the [*Problem of Pain*](http://www.samizdat.qc.ca/cosmos/philo/PDFs/ProblemofPain_CSL.pdf) that touches on this idea. 

We do not have enough information to say conclusively that God is impotent to allow evil. We just don't. If it is possible that the best possible world includes natural evil as an emergent property, than an omnipotent, good God would allow it. Unless you have some way of proving that the best possible does not require natural evil, which as I've discussed in the [later comments](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9h5oi0/im_a_catholic_bishop_and_philosopher_who_loves/e69v6m4/) that you came into the middle of, requires solutions to problems that are still unsolved.
&gt;proving best possible does not require natural evil

I don’t, but I’d expect there to be a way in the future. Furthermore, if you really think that genetic diseases, natural disasters, mental health issues, etc should be worked towards and eliminated, then if we can eliminate them surely an omnipotent being can too. If we can’t eliminate them, it doesn’t mean that they’re required, but that we haven’t tried hard enough to solve those problems.
&gt;I don’t, but I’d expect there to be a way in the future.

Well, we haven't come closer to solving Euthyphro's dilemma in the thousands of years since its been proposed. Like, no field of science or philosophy has brought us *any* closer to a definitive answer to the question.

&gt;Furthermore, if you really think that genetic diseases, natural disasters, mental health issues, etc should be worked towards and eliminated, then if we can eliminate them surely an omnipotent being can too. If we can’t eliminate them, it doesn’t mean that they’re required, but that we haven’t tried hard enough to solve those problems.

What *we* should do is not equivalent to what *God* should do. If you want a child to walk, then you can't just take them every place they need to go. I gave multiple examples of how two people would act differently based on their position and their information, clearly a being like God is in such a completely different position and has such completely different information, that there would be some things He would do that would make no sense to us, and we would never do.
I’m not talking about Euthypro’s dilemma. That’s not even relevant at all. I’m talking about designing a better world. In my mind, this would probably come about after making a superpowerful AI which could solve those problems for us. 

&gt;what we should do is not equivalent to what god should do

The difference is a child eventually grows up, whereas people don’t become gods. So the child : human :: human : god analogy doesn’t hold up. 

Second, what it sounds like is that you’re saying basically we have no way of knowing what god wants or doesn’t and we should just accept its judgements, outcomes etc without question. So, it comes down to blind faith at the end of the day for you. 

It also sounds like you’re making the argument that if god says something is good, it is good, vs god following the rules of being good. The former leads to tyrannical rule where god could enslave everyone and it would be good, which people would generally accept to be wrong instead.
I would also consider the fact that the last step, Full knowledge and consent, could exonerate people from a mortal sin. 

Example I was given, someone who continually tries working on their drug addiction but one night goes ahead and does it. They’re addiction overpowered their will, as long as you are trying to overcome (in your heart, you try as hard as possible) your sins, it isn’t necessarily a mortal sin. 

If you were heavily addicted to meth and are actively trying to stop but your addiction overrides your control, it isn’t a mortal sin (at least that was what I was taught in Catholicism)
He earned his own place, he ruined my family. Fuck you.
[removed]
Just trying to stop the organisation that did this and still protects people like them TODAY:

[https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/resources/idt-sh/sisters\_who\_survived\_the\_evil\_at\_lagarie](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/resources/idt-sh/sisters_who_survived_the_evil_at_lagarie)

Seems like those holy people did something physical.

Your religion is hogwash.  Perhaps you really do believe in angels, devils and the evils of beard shaving?  In which case, I'll leave you to it.
You clearly have a large lack of understanding on what Catholicism is. Beard shaving isn’t “banned” at all or frowned upon in the Catholic Church. Second, I hate to break it to you but all levels of society have bad apples and the Church is no exception. So your point that a few people who suffered abuse means the whole church is evil is a very childish view. You’re clearly at most 20 years old or younger.
Are priests not supposed to drink beer?  Where I'm from there's a brewery owned by some monastic priests
You seem to think that simply repeating falsehoods will make them truths.  Why is this?

Are you simply incapable of following a conversation, or are you being disingenuous?

I've told you before that I don't appreciate having my time wasted.
&gt;I’m not talking about Euthypro’s dilemma. That’s not even relevant at all. I’m talking about designing a better world. In my mind, this would probably come about after making a superpowerful AI which could solve those problems for us.

Knowing *why* a thing is moral or not would solve Euthyphros dilemma. So such an AI would still need to be able to answer it.

&gt;The difference is a child eventually grows up, whereas people don’t become gods. So the child : human :: human : god analogy doesn’t hold up.

We are told that we are made in God's image and that when we are in heaven we will be like Him. So perhaps in some sense our souls grow to be like God.

&gt;Second, what it sounds like is that you’re saying basically we have no way of knowing what god wants or doesn’t and we should just accept its judgements, outcomes etc without question. So, it comes down to blind faith at the end of the day for you.

Isn't that the whole point of faith and trust? If a doctor tells a child they are sick and need to take a medicine, there might be no way for that child to understand why they are sick and what the medicine is, but if their parents tell them to trust the doctor they will probably willingly take the medicine.

I have tested the words of Jesus Christ and I have found them always to be trustworthy. I see everyday the outcome of sin and the outcome of love. I believe that a purely atheistic and materialistic view leads only to nihilism, and destroys any grounding for claims about moral responsibility. So, I believe I have sufficient reason to trust God, and thus sufficient reason to trust that He has a very good reason for having the world as it is.

Basically, the problem of Natural Evil is not a logical proof against God, so if you have reason to believe and trust in God, then we have reason to give Him the benefit of the doubt.

&gt;It also sounds like you’re making the argument that if god says something is good, it is good, vs god following the rules of being good.

That's Euthyphros dilemma. If there is an objective moral standard is it so because God defines it to be or does God follow it because it is good? I don't know, but I trust God is not leading me astray.

&gt;The former leads to tyrannical rule where god could enslave everyone and it would be good, which people would generally accept to be wrong instead.

Again that comes down to trust. I believe God took on human form to demonstrate His love to us while we continued to hate and oppose Him. I believe God loved the very people that were mocking Him and killing Him, even though their entire existence was dependent on Him. So, I believe that God would never do the tyrannical and evil things you suggest, as I have sufficient reason to trust Him.
Please quote what I have said that is false, because I suppose I am incapable of following this conversation. I am honestly and sincerely trying to understand what issue you've taken with my argument, so I would appreciate you writing it plainly for me.
*Sigh*.  You did not clarify your words: in fact, you did the opposite.  You were trying to avoid facing the fact that your main assertions are essentially baseless.  You still are.
You said that Jesus' words have proven false to you and pointed to [this comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9h5oi0/im_a_catholic_bishop_and_philosopher_who_loves/e69py83/?context=10000).

My main assertion there is that Jesus claims to be the doctor here to heal the sick. You asked why you should believe that. I said that we can see the result of sin in our daily lives just by looking around, just how Jesus says the wages of sin is death. Jesus also says the cure is to repent of sin and to commit ourselves to loving one another, and then gave us an example of love on the cross. Thus we should believe His prognosis as we can see both sin and its effects and love and its effects, just as Jesus claimed.

So what part of that is wrong? Do we see sin and the effects of sin or not? Do we see love and the effects of love or not?

And this was my main point, if it was not clear before then I hope it is now.
Gay marriage is banned by the Catholic Church, inconsistent with other things banned in the same passage in the bible. (e.g. beard shaving and eating pork), but I'm sure with your greater years and wisdom, you knew that.

So, despite there being no basis to discriminate against homosexuals, it has *chosen* to do so.  Not because it is God's word, but as a political decision. With gay priests still in power in the Vatican, Catholicism continues to act hypocritcally.  With such a horrific past and while the Pope still protects paedophiles, I have no idea how anyone with ANY ounce of compassion can continue to pay these hypocrites wages through tithing.

I'll remind you that it took a child to point out that the Emperor is wearing no clothes.
&gt; Gay marriage is banned by the Catholic Church, inconsistent with other things banned in the same passage in the bible. (e.g. beard shaving and eating pork), but I'm sure with your greater years and wisdom, you knew that.

Again no-where in the Catholic bible does it say Eating Pork is sinful, nor does it say beard shaving is. Considering most priests shave and the Pope shaves. I'd say it's safe to say it's not sinful.

&gt;So, despite there being no basis to discriminate against homosexuals, it has chosen to do so. Not because it is God's word, but as a political decision.

The church doesn't discriminate against homosexuals. Homosexuals are welcomed to the Catholic church with open arms. Homosexuality is a sin, but you hate the sin not the sinner because you sin it doesn't make you a bad person. No-one hates you for being gay. That is against God's wishes. The only person who can judge us is God. The basis for the Church stating Homosexuality is a sin, is because it is unnatural. I hate to tell you this, but it is unnatural and I mean that in the least disrespectful way I can say it. The natural course of reproduction is through vaginal sex. Anal sex is not natural and cannot reproduce an offspring, same with female on female sex. There is no way that an offspring can be introduced. So when it's said that it is unnatural it's not in a sense of "Ewww that's so gross." it's more of in a fact, that it is unnatural. Humans were meant to reproduce through heterosexual means.

&gt;With such a horrific past and while the Pope still protects paedophiles,

That's just a statement thrown out there, you have no idea about the inter-workings of the Church. Which is clear just from the past few conversations we have been having.

&gt;I have no idea how anyone with ANY ounce of compassion can continue to pay these hypocrites wages through tithing.

Tithing isn't required. You can go to church and not pay them anything. It's not a "Tax" or anything of that sort. So if you feel that your Church is not providing you the true Catholic Service you think God would want, then go ahead. Leave that basket empty. You can tithe in different ways such as volunteer work, or helping others.

&gt;I'll remind you that it took a child to point out that the Emperor is wearing no clothes.

It's alright, I was young like you once. I used to be Atheist and had a very narrow opinion on the world. Thinking that one bad apple created a bad tree. Over time you'll realize that every group, culture, organization, structure, or community you're in will have the bad apples that do not do what they're supposed to. More educational workers commit sex crimes then all the Catholic church combined. Just for your information. The amount of Sexual crimes committed by Catholic Priests is about 1% of the church as a whole. I think 1% of a billion person organization is pretty good if you ask me. That being said, I don't think that excuses the bad apples. It just you shouldn't let the media alter your view on reality that much. You should start reading stuff yourself instead of hope other people will translate the bible and Catholic doctrine for you. You should also start reading about what the Pope has done to condemn pedophiles in the church. You'll find a lot of stories about this are written by people with clear anti-church agendas.
Anything to back up that "main assertion" or do I just have to take it on faith?  You can understand that simply *asserting* things doesn't automatically make them true, right?

(And don't bother replying if all you've got is "prove it isn't true".)
So you are doing a disservice by preaching to those who have never heard of christianity. If they would have been spared due to not knowing, then the most moral action would be to erase all knowledge of christianity from the world. Then no one beeds to go to hell.
As a Catholic your duty to Catholicism and to God is to teach your religion to others.
&gt;If anyone that you didn't worship did anything similar, would you still believe the same?

You never answered this anywhere.
&gt;The only teaching of Jesus' that I listed there was that the \*\*moral\*\* evil causes death and pain, and that the Way of The Kingdom of God brings life and healing. Is that teaching false?

Yes. Moral evil is irrelevant to death and pain. Whatever this way is, it's irrelevant to life. Life, death, and pain have happened before people invented morals and will probably continue after humanity dies out. No one's been healed or brought to life by religion.
As far as I'm aware it is no longer considered mortal sin.
By the way, what kind of Christian are you?

&gt;no particular quote of you

Why do you make out such minor and necessary acts as rebellions?  


&gt;Nobody recommended withholding explanations or keeping kids in the dark in any way.

You did. You said trust without reason is ok.

&gt;Even if you answer the most inquisitive kid's questions, the point will arrive where s/he won't be satisfied by them, and the kid has to either trust or rebel.

So, in your example, by explaining the parents reasoning, they gained trust, and if their reasoning was bad, they didn't.

&gt;If the kid can look at Mom or Dad and see someone they know really cares for them

The only way they can know their parents care for them is through evidence from their parents actions. You can't expect blind belief to come from nowhere.

&gt;motivation to just give up the interrogation

Talking with your kids isn't an interrogation. It's building a relationship. You can also teach them your reasoning without them asking.

&gt;it's highly likely that both understand it to be simple, unconditional affection.

All affection is conditional. A normal person doesn't feel affection without some sort of reason.

&gt;If the kid doesn't give up the interrogation, you then have a situation where the kid is threatening the natural order of a home,

That's overreacting. Just give them a better explanation and go on with your life. The natural order of a home is that the parent teaches the child. Unless the child has a mental illness, their behavior is learned from their parents.

&gt;an institution built on a hierarchy of authority - just like Heaven.

A place that has no evidence for existing, and a convenient reason for authority without reasoning. Do parents have authority because they take care of their child? Apparently not, it's just because home is built like heaven!

&gt;If a person can't learn to trust here

You can learn to trust anywhere. Hopefully you have someone to trust even if they aren't biological family.

&gt;I am still suggesting that things may have been out of order. I am doubting if you ever learned to trust without your parents bending to \*your\* authority

We built trust without brainwashing each other. Bending to an authority wasn't a factor. The scenario you are suggesting seems abnormal, like you are saying it's better to be r/raisedbynarcissists.

&gt;Am I so off to suggest that maybe you demanded explanations for everything, and they complied?

You are off. But if I did need to demand explanations, it wouldn't be sensible to deny them. How else do we learn without asking each other, unless we are already told without needing to ask?

&gt;Either way, that is not how a hierarchy is supposed to work.

It sort of is. Otherwise, you have a group of people not interacting with each other or doing anything together, rather than a hierarchy.

&gt;The kids are not supposed to think they have the power to dig their heels into the ground and halt everything if they don't get answers acceptable to them. Kids become that way if empowered by the parents. That's not kindness.

Kids can dig their heels into the ground, but it's up to you to prevent that instead of encouraging it. You're also encouraging them to never become adults through your method. If you never teach while they are still a kid, how would they even be able to do what you want? Unless you're raising them only to eat them.

&gt;We face authority everywhere. On the street, in supermarkets, etc. Of course, those power figures motivate people to comply for reasons other than trust. Either way, a person challenging authority is a threat to the order whether it be good or bad, justified or not.

Is a threat to a bad order bad? Can you say an evil order is really orderly?

&gt;IMO, the whole world is like an island on the show, Survivor. It's a temporary environment designed to limit our resources. I think we're here to learn about things like authority from each other and our parents - and the understanding that most of the time you won't get all the answers you want even if you've used your entire apparatus of science.

This doesn't reflect the reality of where I live.

&gt;I am typing all this not to convert you

It didn't look like you were. For what it's worth, I'm not trying to convert you either.

&gt;why christians don't see this as weakness.

It interferes with gaining the skills for getting a job. For participating in society. It will lead to weakness according to the society we live in.

&gt;I can still respect you without trying to point out what I consider to be absurd flaws in your thinking.

But do you respect me enough to say that you think I have flaws in my thinking and what they are, without assuming I'll take it as a personal insult?

&gt;They seriously should just end it with "saying".

But then what? How can either of you be sure that they actually do get what you're saying? You know they still think what you're saying is ridiculous, but now you don't know why. At least it isn't "I don't get what you're saying, but I agree."
Leviticus (19:27): “You shall not cut the hair on the sides of your heads, neither shall you clip off the edge of your beard.” ... According to Jeremiah (41:5), to shave or pluck one's own beard was only appropriate during times of mourning.

Leviticus 11:7-8

And the pig, because it parts the hoof and is cloven-footed but does not chewl the cud, is unclean to you. You shall not eat any of their flesh, and you shall not touch their carcasses; they are unclean to you.

So you don't know your material?

Also, 1 priest in 100 is a sexual criminal? 1% are affected, so 10 million people have been abused. That's a horrifically high rate.  Where did you get these appalling facts from? Or are you just making it all up (I do hope so)...
Wow you’re bad at reading statistics and you’re reading the Jewish bible to a Catholic. Congrats man. I said 1% of 1 billion. Not 100. Yea 1% of 100 is 1/100.. 1% of 1 billion is 1 in 10,000,000 Catholics.

https://www.cbsnews.com/news/has-media-ignored-sex-abuse-in-school/
Oh, did the church change it's mind on the matter?
I think I pushed your biggest button. My only recommendation is to order weapons be stood down. Allow yourself to be silent... without defenses. Allow your own wisdom to show itself to you. Have confidence that there is something in you that is bigger than it all.
&gt;I think I pushed your biggest button. My only recommendation is to order weapons be stood down. Allow yourself to be silent... without defenses. Allow your own wisdom to show itself to you. Have confidence that there is something in you that is bigger than it all.

Very nice, but no substance. What you just wrote is something generic you could have written to anyone. Buttons, weapons, wisdoms, big somethings, and it alls are all deflections. Telling me to have confidence in what you say just makes you sound like a confidence man.

What I'm interested in boils down to two things. Please answer them if you can.

1. Which kind (denomination?) of Christian are you?

2. How is a person who is not taught anything, not allowed to think, and instead told to trust that everything will be fine supposed to become a functioning adult in society?
Boy this is so the opposite of what I experienced growing up and even my perspective from our hollywood common culture.  xmass/easter catholics, once a week church catholics, catholics who do not even do that much.  None turned away.  I mean I saw this.  Normal sunday plenty of sitting room.  midnight mass or sunrise service and people where standing in the entry way because no room in the church proper.
My short message only suggested that your own internal compass is one of your most important tools. Consider the example of atheist Richard Dawkins. As you may already know, this guy no longer wishes to debate christians. It suggests to me that he believes he has  heard it all and that he doesn't need anyone else's validation. That's me as well. Am I using my confidence to try to move you? Is Richard Dawkins doing that, trying to be a "confidence guy"? I don't think so. The discussion between me and you has gone quite a distance. Do you not think you should take a break? Be well. Let it all go. It's Friday; you can pick it all up another day.

---

To answer your questions:

I am a catholic because I'm finished fighting against religious ideas. I've done a lot of that. I no longer care whether I'm proven right or wrong; I just want to be on the right side of things when the doors close. [This](http://www.usccb.org/bible/1peter) in line 9 suggests it's not a crime to admit you're out to save your own soul. 

In my struggle with religious ideas, authority probably comes up the most. In my own life, I've seen **with or without religious belief** that disorder happens when the boss doesn't act like the boss. I'm not saying I'm anybody's boss. Noise happens when everybody considers themselves equals. 

In a family or a church, it doesn't work when there's just force. There has to be trust, and you can't have trust without 2 things: love and the other person's agreement to give it a try. For that to even begin, the boss has to be the leader, and take the first step, do the first giving, take the first risk. The hierarchy model is that: a model. Some orgs/families really match the model easily because some people are very leadership oriented and others by nature or habit naturally submit. When many ppl are strong, the leadership still has to be established, but that leader is challenged to recognize, benefit from, and appreciate the strengths in others. I'm just saying a ship needs a rudder.

**My questioning of religion has always been encouraged by my parents, teachers, and extended family.** I went to catholic schools until grade 12. I've questioned priests after mass. Most have weak answers, and you'd think priests would be masters of apologetics. I emailed a priest asking who Jesus paid when He died on the cross. The response was that I touched upon the mystery that is at the core of our faith. **This is a very unsatisfying answer**. Even so, I liked thinking I was barking up the right tree. When ppl gave textbook/generic/predictable answers, I quickly regretted asking that person. Some were unexpectedly insightful. I wouldn't have known had I not asked. Even so, there are still tons of things that still make no sense to me.


&gt; How is a person who is not taught anything

IMO, kids should be taught and encouraged to share the questions their mind produces. Keeping kids in the dark is not helpful at all. I do understand that some families have traditions that don't encourage helpful thinking.

&gt; not allowed to think

Parents should be confident enough to admit they have no answer and devoted enough to pursue their own wisdom for their own benefit. Once they grow in understanding, it gives a questioning kid food for his or her mind.

&gt; instead told to trust that everything will be fine

Perhaps, these parents are operating from the example they've been given by their own parents. If you are frustrated by your parents, have the faith and confidence in yourself to calmly let them know that their simplistic responses give you no satisfaction or concept of why you're alive. I'm not saying you have to say this like it's an attack. You can simply say that maybe the whole family would benefit by exploring and discussing *all the ideas in the world about why life happens - from philosophy to religion.* **It's not a sin to think and to run ideas through your washing machine.** Your washing machine will eliminate loads of crap and distractions, but it won't get everything. What I've been suggesting to you up to now is that after you've processed ideas a lot - like running them through a washing machine - that's when it's time to trust - if you believe the Leader's hand is extended to you for the purposes of love, and if you feel incapable of that, **it's not a crime or sin to admit it.** Just ask for help. Say you don't get it or why you should get anything. Ask for what you need to know *today*.
Church teaching on the morality of suicide hasn't changed but the Church has come to doubt the culpability of most suicidal people.

For a grave sin to be a mortal sin, it must be committed with full knowledge (and awareness) of the sinful action and the gravity of the offense. and it must be committed with deliberate and complete consent. In light of modern psychology, the Church isn't certain that mentally ill people are fully responsible for their sins.
You are embarassing yourself. What is 1% of 1 billion?

Also, if that's the Jewish bible, where in the Catholic bible does it ban gay marriage?
I don't know if I would be mad in your situation as they charged lots of money to host my grandma's funeral, still charge to even mention her name in a service (along with dozens of others that payed) and much more. It's garbage how they don't just ask for donations but literally charge a going rate to nothing but mention the name or talk about a person.
[deleted]
And those Catholics are wrong and out of line with the Church.
Why would god have feet if he came into existense in a matterless void?
He doesn't have feet!
Genesis 1:26 *God created man in his own image and likeness.* if we physically have feet, so does he.

Revelation 1:15 *his feet are like polished bronze*


So why would god need/have feet?


Edit: no answer? just got a downvote in return. I guess you don't consider questions like this valid
Nobody believes that "image and likeness" means human physiology, nobody believes that God has physical appendages. He appears with human appearance to be recognizable in places like Revelation.
So I guess all that talk about us being the dominant species in the planet because we are created like god suddenly isn't true then? 


Edit: why need to stretch an answer to a simple question and keep beating around the bush yet if I ask the same people how I can be saved, without a shadow of a doubt, the same people would know EXACTLY what's in god's head and what's he thinking.

Edit 2: If i make a Ferrari replica in its own image and likeness, pretty sure it would end up looking like a Ferrari, Worst case is it would end up looking like a car. Has wheels, chasis, hood all forming the shape of a car and not a jet fighter. Your answer saying nobody believes that is a bit dishonest don't you think?
Not suddenly untrue. There are several interpretations of the meaning of "image and likeness of God". In my (Catholic) tradition it is interpreted as meaning a capacity for reason and relationship. This capacity is definitely one of the reasons why humans are the dominant species on the planet. 

Others may interpret it differently, but no one interprets it as meaning a physical human body. God has no physical form in pretty much all Christian theological traditions, until he takes on a human nature in the person of Jesus. (Speaking of which, Jesus totally had feet, so in that sense God actually does have feet).

With regard to your other comment, I don't know why you think "God doesn't have feet" is beating around the bush; I thought it was a straightforward answer. Many Christian traditions have also developed a strong interpretation of how people attain salvation, so it is not surprising that people will already have a go-to answer for that.
Interpretations by people of a book written thousands of years ago. You do not see any problems with this?
Buddy, you are being downvoted because the smugness and lack of good will being displayed is apparent. You are posing "GOTCHA!" questions as if they weren't base questions that children ask their parents when growing up.

This being the internet, it is entirely possible that you, like me, simply suck at wording things and don't intend to be doing this.

But also, this being the internet, it is full of trolls and nobody has time for that.
In a word: poetry.
Interpretations OF interpretations OF interpretations OF translations OF words written in ancient, effectively dead dialects thousands of years ago in entirely different socio-cultural contexts from our own.

What could go wrong.
[deleted]
I did not say that there were no problems with interpreting the Bible. I said that it is not surprising, and I think entirely reasonable, that religious people will have already formed answers to common questions, and have formed a consensus as to which of those answers are the most reasonable in the context of their religious beliefs.
You only see them as "gotcha" questions because your bullshit has no legitimate answer.
So about that lack of good will...
So about that lack of critical thinking skills...
We might want to lay off talking about your traits for a bit. It doesnt look pretty
&gt;Depends how much coolaid he has drank. I am no expert in cult deprogramming, but often hitting people with the facts don't work and just get you labeled a "hater".

Crazy how gullible nutjobs like you can say shit like this without an ounce of sarcasm.
P.s. let me know when you want to get passed 1k mmr I'll help you out.
So how do you determine which parts of the Bible are true? If it’s just moral guidelines then why hold on to the superstitious parts at all?
How in the world would you knooooooooow? You said it had a face so why not feet? Man, I'm out of here this is weird.
Where’d the good will go
Christianity is not a religion of the book, like say, Islam is. The Bible is a product of the Church, not the other way around. And the Church, by virtue of its founder, has the authority to authentically interpret Scripture.
[deleted]
God permits evil to bring about a greater good.
[deleted]
Love is impossible without freedom. To allow us to love, God must give us the freedom to not love, which in all its forms is evil and causes suffering.

Love is the greatest good that exists. The goodness of love eclipses all other evils.
I hope he responds to you, but with so many responses so far (mine included) he can't humanly get to all of them.

Answering hypotheticals like that tends to be a bit of a rabbit whole. For example, if I said "perhaps the good that comes from losing a child is the parents drawing even closer, or that their suffering gives them more perspective on the eternal". You could say "yeah but when if it instead causes [insert any example of a possible bad outcome]", or you could instead feel upset that it feels like someone is trivializing a real and painful event.

But what I can say is that suffering is redemptive when you bring your suffering to God, he can build goodness from it. That IS the Gospel, with Christ himself being the prime example. He suffered and died a cruel death at the hands of evil men - but out of it came the redemption from sin for all mankind.
hope this helps.not bishop barron but someone he would most likely recommend
https://youtu.be/Knz7ofVfR7A
I don't really buy this greater good, if we are talking based on Job's story. I don't see justice in that he received twice as many as he had before. I think this is primitive ancient Jews way of seeing justice. It definitely wouldn't pass in our current moral view. You can't just kill someone's family, burn his house, beat him to near death, but then find him better family and build bigger house and say that everything is ok or even better now.

Job was still betrayed and severely tortured, both physically and emotionally. There was no good or even greater good in his story.
If God were to appear in front of me this very moment and tell me that he thought my newborn daughter dying would be good for me I would spit in his face. That is a cop out. This fairy tale bullshit is for people who are too weak minded to accept that when we die that we are gone. And the worst possible thing you could say to a parent who just lost a child is idiotic shit like "god has a plan" or some stupid shit like that.
Weak minded? You literally just said if there was undeniable proof before you, you would reject it. :-\
I didn't say I would reject it at all. NOWHERE in that post does it say that. I just said I would spit in his face because that would be what he deserved. I know reading comprehension is hard for people who believe 2000 year old fairy tales, but try a little harder.
He enforces evil when he gives children diseases that torture them to death.
&gt; I hope he responds to you

He does not have any answer, because God is a nonsensical concept. He already admitted elsewhere that the problem of evil is the one thing that he can't explain without using dishonest ad hoc hypotheses. Like so many others, he is not consistent enough to let logic and reason ruin a nonsensical story that FEELS good. Like so many others, he just ignores the problem or cirumvents it with an ad hoc hypothesis: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ad_hoc_hypothesis

There are no honest arguments for the existence of God, it is just pretentious nonsense and ad hoc hypotheses all the way down. It is sad that people still pretend otherwise and come up with dishonest arguments.
Why is God not capable of creating that greater good without the evil?
Because God doesn't exist. No philosopher can truly explain this to you because it's a paradox.
This is an awful response with no substance and doesn't even answer the question.
He would reject that his daughter dying is going to be good for him. Not that God exists.  If God appeared before me and said that allowing thousands upon thousands of children to be abused, molested and raped by his "followers/leaders/appointed" then I would want nothing to do with him, even if it meant an eternity of damnation.  IF that is gods example of something for the "greater good" then fuck that god and the twisted who can believe that.
What greater good? Why was he unable to come up with a better plan?
well what a prick your God is then.
I think the most interesting part of that story is the *reason* God did all of that to Job. 

God may not have told Job his reasons, but the Bible tells us what led up to Job's misfortunes.

Satan told God that the only reason Job loved him was because God had given him a blessed life. God was not pleased with Satan's claim, and set to prove him wrong. So, he destroyed Job's life and killed his family. 

So you're right; there's no good in God's actions here. Quite the opposite. He did this to Job because he bet the devil that Job would still love him afterward. 

To me, it sounds like Satan *tricked* God into torturing an innocent man. 

The story of Job has affirmed to me that the God of the Bible is not all good, or all powerful.
\&gt; And the worst possible thing you could say to a parent who just lost a child is idiotic shit like "god has a plan" or some stupid shit like that.

&amp;#x200B;

Maybe to someone like you some people do receive great comfort from statements like that. Religion benefits a lot of people including me.
&gt;God permits Jared Fogle to bring about a greater good.
If you take comfort in "Your child was meant to die because the invisible man in the sky said so" then you are a fucked up individual.
Sure if you make it sound as bad as possible its fucked up. The idea that God has a plan and the child is not just dead for no reason and can be resurrected in heaven is quite comforting for a lot of people. Personally the idea that God is real makes my day to day life much less stressful than when I was more atheistic.
I bet you have the same answer for the pedophile crimes committed by priests.
Check out his channel:

* https://www.youtube.com/user/wordonfirevideo/search?query=evil

Also, Fr. Mike Schmitz (and Matt Fradd, who does the "Pints with Aquinas" podcast) on Ascension Presents is good:

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NOTU1g0Z8w

If you're curious about Bp. Barron's system of belief, check out /r/catholicism
Fr. Mike Schmitz has a video on this:

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0NOTU1g0Z8w
Good to know that God's perfect plan necessitates child rape.

Summary:
You are who you say you are, not who they say you are.
I don't need to do any of that.
That's not what I said.
God doesn't put you in hell, you put yourself in hell.
What will I do with my life?
I mean, it was god who was doing the killing..
I don't even think we're talking about the same thing.
The teachings of the Church?
What do I need him for?
Thank you for this I think the same way!
But I'm not Catholic, I just don't think it matters.
Would that not be the same as committing yourself to God?
What do you have to say to me about this?
I hope you get it all and more.
They said the catholic church was.
I know I replied to you.
It's like people don't even fucking own a bible.
I agree it is the wrong one.
+/- one life will not make a difference.
&gt; +/- one life will not make a difference.
The church doesn't say you're not a true Christian.
The church doesn't use hell for anything.
No one can think that this is evil.
The Church condemns you to Hell.
Say you don't get it or why you should get anything.
Doesn't it seem like it's a good time for it?
That thing she doesn't want is a human being.
How would they trust you if you don't?
So what do you believe?
I am not sure you are right, I am not Catholic and not a priest.
Love me or go to hell.
You asked why you should believe that.
I accept it as "not true."
This is why people want to leave the church.
were possible, what would such a world look like?
You know, I can't speak for the Pope.
Do you know what I have or have not suffered?
I think that's a very fair question.
which isn't the same thing.
So you're right; there's no good in God's actions here.
If you have a way to do that, let me know.
I am citing the Catholic Church.
I am not making any claim, I'm rejecting theirs.
I should have read what you said more carefully.
The catholic church I was forced to attend told me all those things that you just said they don't say.
You might want to believe, but you actually don't.
So why doesn't he do that?
And, by all means, if it can be -- go for it.
There is a difference between figuring out *what* happened, and figuring out *why* it happened.
I don't deny the possibility.
I left the church because my priest molested me.
Either they do, or they don't.
And I responded to them.
The logic isn't even there if you actually think about it.
There are really good church communities out there.
If only the Catholic church shared your view.
And I agree that the same claim exists.
Like many people on Reddit.
People are supposed to trust a bishop who says, all good?
You do not see any problems with this?
The church can't tell someone they're going to hell.
I believe because many Catholics do not truly know, love and live their faith.
I addressed all of these things.
But I don't feel sick at all.
I don't care either way but I'm guessing that's the logic.
How can the Church do better at this?
So he creates sinful things?
As for why accept it as false, I don't.
I was asking for that as a sign from God.
It's not like his positions changed.
I didn't say I would reject it at all.
Jesus said we are to be like children.
he is supposed to be an all powerful all knowing god.
You left on your own, that's why no one asked you why.
The church doesn't say you don't deserve to be in a loving relationship.
Rejecting God mean rejecting love.
It's a bit of a personal thing.
Life existed before religion and will exist after.
"Why do I have to go to school?"
Your omnipotent god could make it so, but doesn't.
So yeah i don't think one life is that important.
But like you, I'm not sure I have the patience for the ones above.
No, that's not really what's happening at all.
The only person who can judge us is God.
That is against God's wishes.
You can also teach them your reasoning without them asking.
Yeah, I would definitely want to live in a world without natural evil.
You don't, and I'm ok with that.
But he did kill the other ones.
As I said, look around you.
And those Catholics are wrong and out of line with the Church.
I stand by those words.
Do you really believe this?
Yes, stuff about God doesn't live in Hell too, I understand your point.
That is the question we all must answer.
I never said that NT God changed opinions.
I agree with everything else you say.
Not even the Pope can tell you that you're going to hell.
If I created an A.I.
If you never teach while they are still a kid, how would they even be able to do what you want?
No, because it's not the church doing the reporting.
Don't get me wrong: I want any priest who has abused someone to go to jail for a very, very long time.
&gt;  I think we have to get to the truth for the sake of the victims.
I can definitely see why that is a reason to leave a church community that disagrees, but I know many church communities that think just like you.
The following only makes sense if you believe in God, but have concluded that He is evil.
How can either of you be sure that they actually do get what you're saying?
However, it is because we love God that we take him at his word.
I can love just fine without Jesus.
You aren't a Catholic, are you?
If you think you can create human life, then do it without using your body.
Like just because you had one rotten apple doesn't mean all the apples are rotten.
seems pretty clear I was right.
You can go to church and not pay them anything.
Just want to say I completely agree with your argument.
I did not say that there were no problems with interpreting the Bible.
I'm saying we don't have a right to kill anybody, and that God does.
Or are you just making it all up (I do hope so)...
Also that's really long sorry I didn't read it, so lets say people do have free will.
If you don't like that, then you're right, maybe reddit isn't the place for you.
All you're doing is making Catholics look bad.
Fuck all, so they get a priest to tell them?
I think we have to get to the truth for the sake of the victims.
If a soul is outside of Heaven, I really don't think God is doing any of the tormenting.
So I see you completely ignored most of my points.
Since that's the OT and you don't take it literally.
I think the most interesting part of that story is the *reason* God did all of that to Job.
And yet that's not what you said, is it?
I don't use Reddit very often.
Doing good in the world?
I do feel infinitely valued in the love of God as He made me.
Which is not the same as the claim as saying one does not exist.
What is the point of this for you?
Especially an answer to a question such as the ones being asked.
So anyone who isn't Christian can't love?
It would be nice to see an actual response about this from anyone working for the church.
Saying that some abuse can't be prosecuted makes no point.
They did not know better.
But also for all of humanity.
It's as if someone just said that your comments aren't good enough because you don't actually know what we're talking about, when you do.
I clarified **my** words, and pointed to what **Jesus** said.
I said 1% of 1 billion.
No, because they are never called out to change their ways.
You have to realize what you're saying.
That isn't what happened though.
So this is your way of coming out as an atheist...
Dont bring religion into the point i was making.
If you choose that way it's on you.
I mean I saw this.
That being said, I don't think that excuses the bad apples.
I didn't claim it was false.
I'm saying we don't know all the circumstances behind what happened to "them".
We both know that isn't true.
I'm not saying you have to say this like it's an attack.
I guess you don't consider questions like this valid.
Sorry, I *did* respond to the wrong person.
God loves you exactly where you are, and not for who he wants you to be.
I just can't convince myself that I am.
Who says I have never had to deal with it?
They might think it's good for them to keep doing the bad things they want to do, but it is not.
Are you trying to tell me I was wrong to do so?
No, I do not think it would be immoral not to consent.
Actually, you said it was *all* caused by sin.
I said it was morally inconsistent.
It’s not just that, I left for other reasons too.
No, the church rejected them.
Because your church tells you to?
They want a more personal response.
I don't think the Catholic Church operates the Church the way that Jesus would.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
Also thats a pretty big issue right now in the church.
So if you feel that your Church is not providing you the true Catholic Service you think God would want, then go ahead.
Can't you see that this is wrong?
Different people have different definitions of what a human being is.
That is for God to decide.
You must have found the one parish with people like this.
I have no idea where you got that.
What good are you doing to help him or me?
I actually do not see why there is even a divide.
They're not going to Hell.
Jesus never claims that natural evil is caused by sin.
The issue is when you claim it as true.
I want to know the perspectives of people that differ from those I've already seen.
I can't provide any evidence to make you take a stance on something that you don't want to.
I am trying to convince you.
I don't see a connection.
In other words, what would a "timeless" existence even look like?
In a family or a church, it doesn't work when there's just force.
Who says I don't forgive him?
Yes, see the report I linked.
You just don't understand what you wrote.
Suicide affects SO many more people than the one committing the act.
You can't say everyone is bad because one person is bad.
If the greatest universe includes natural evil, then it is a logical contradiction to create the greatest universe without natural evil.
First, you have to understand that Pope Francis is really changing things from the old ways.
I didn't say it was logically inconsistent.
That was my entire point.
I don't put livers in it!
And they were the most catholic country in the world.
The Church is no exception to this rule.
It happens in all religions though.
Just because you hurt some people doesn't mean you can't love others.
The church condemns them to eternal fire.
Then look up what hell is in the Catholic church too please.
No one has to follow you, you are your own man, not a child.
If God wants a world that is self-sustaining without them, how does He do it?
That could change over time and certainly has.
Catholic evangelism really isn't much of a thing in the US.
I find God works in some strange ways- this may be one of them.
I wonder what else was going on during that time?
If any of these questions interest you, then I would recommend giving the video a watch.
&gt; I think we all know that procreation and creation are 2 different things.
Would you say someone is going to hell for a having a heart attack?
Thank you for your time, and for all your great work in the Church!
I think that's what most people think of when that verb is used.
I think 1% of a billion person organization is pretty good if you ask me.
Assuming they actually believe in sin.
yeah, I know a priest who likes his scotch.
By "we" I meant people who want justice.
It's also not false because you feel it is.
However for many, a human being is a person.
If any amount of time can be as one moment for someone's perspective, then infinite time is still one moment for that person.
That is the case
2.
Is saving the life of your own child "more good" than saving the life of a stranger's child?
No one is asking you to speak for the pope.
The actual truth of those who protect the abusers?
That doesn't change the fact his actions were selfish.
So about that lack of good will...
If a person can't learn to trust here, I can see why Heaven is a bit hard to accept.
So what part of that is wrong?
If you want a child to walk, then you can't just take them every place they need to go.
&gt; If any amount of time can be as one moment for someone's perspective, then infinite time is still one moment for that person.
And this was my main point, if it was not clear before then I hope it is now.
That explains so much about your religion.
The amount of Sexual crimes committed by Catholic Priests is about 1% of the church as a whole.
I mean, considering how it looks to the rest of us...
WHY THE EFF EVEN START IF THAT'S WHAT YOU BELIEVE?
Maybe you and I can’t design a world like that (for now), but whatever God you believe  in surely can.
Tell me: If you're not going to stand behind your words then why should anyone trust them?
Seems like he is already speaking out right here.
Let me tell you about my experience in the catholic church growing up.
for a very long time.
I come from a country where we don't do that 99% of the time.
With respect to your office, I think that many lay people feel that that sort of answer isn't good enough at this point.
No they cannot, you really do not know what you are talking about.
If someone claims Jesus, but does not love, how should we judge them?
His death on the cross changed that big time, and no, I don't "get it".
You should only trust my words if they are based on fact.
That's kind of the point of the argument.
If we hold scripture to be true, what does this mean for us and how do we love God for who He is?
It's just a matter of fact for anyone who believes in Catholicism.
&gt;Jesus says the cause of all this pain is sin

Why should I believe him?
And from a Christian perspective, even they don't benefit from it.
I think we all know that procreation and creation are 2 different things.
Why can't god just make the greatest universe not include evil?
Do I have to write to the pope or something?
&gt; And the idea that just because you created something means you can do what you will with it is just completely fucked up.
There's a reason we use words like that in court settings.
I’m sure *this* one really never knew, right?
It's homicidal if you die in hell.
You will feel pain and die even when evil isn't a factor.
You think it's selfish and that's fine, I don't dispute it.
This is not a limitation on God's power.
Feel better now that you let us know how victimized you are?
We don't find people to be "innocent" though.
I know, hence my comments.
If someone had contacted you, would you have come back?
&gt; I hope he responds to you

He does not have any answer, because God is a nonsensical concept.
&gt; Specifically, pain caused by how people treat one another?
I do understand that some families have traditions that don't encourage helpful thinking.
All the way up to Pope.
Is what it sounds like to me.
You said it wasnt good enough without even hearing it.
The Bible is a product of the Church, not the other way around.
I bet you have the same answer for the pedophile crimes committed by priests.
The attitude makes all the difference.
Yes I am very aware.
Sure if you make it sound as bad as possible its fucked up.
For all we know the number of priests that don't abuse children could be the minority.
Bishop, thanks for taking the time to do this.
Ask for what you need to know *today*.
That's not how society is.
Do you see pain and suffering in this world?
You really have to read Catholic Church doctrine and its scriptural foundations to understand.
I don't really buy this greater good, if we are talking based on Job's story.
It doesn't help your point to mention it.
Do parents have authority because they take care of their child?
So you don't know your material?
So such an AI would still need to be able to answer it.
A priest never told me that.
So your point that a few people who suffered abuse means the whole church is evil is a very childish view.
I personally think the word selfish in context of suicides lacks a lot..
Your answer saying nobody believes that is a bit dishonest don't you think?
Well, if you're actively saying something is not true, you're either saying that something is false or that it's an opinion.
Isn't that the whole point of faith and trust?
I don't know everything about that, and need to read more I guess.
