Original Response:
I can only type this now, weeks after the mistake. The skin was peeling on my hands, and though it didn’t hurt, it was quite annoying. It looked horrible as well. The brilliant idea came to use callous remover (it removes dead skin, right?) to take off the outer layer that was falling off.

It worked... in a sense. I put the callous remover in latex gloves, rubbed it around to distribute it around, then put my hands in. I planned to leave them in for 5 minutes. After about 1 minute, a searing pain began to shoot up my arms. I ripped off the gloves and ran to wash my hands. I felt satisfied for a moment as I saw dead skin collecting in the bottom of the sink; however, my mood dropped when I noticed how red my hands looked. The callous remover did its job, removing a layer or two of skin. My hands would no longer be peeling. The problem was that every small crevice in my hand, every wrinkle, and every groove deeper than a fingerprint ridge began to bleed. I tried to clean my hands and the pain increased. They had to be carefully dried and wrapped.

Imagine a paper cut. Now, imagine a paper cut between the webs of your fingers. Now imagine thousands of paper cuts in all the grooves of your hands. I was unable to move my fingers without reopening the cuts and restarting all the pain. I could not type, text, open a door, write, pick up a book, or grab in any significant way without more pain. I remained in that state for three days. Then I could begin to do minor tasks. Now, more than two weeks later, I feel fine to type this story.

TL;DR I used callous remover to remove the skin on my hands. It did, and my hands bled with the pain of a thousand paper cuts.
Hi Siri, call 911
Didn't end up going to the ER. They would have laughed at me.
They get tons of stupid shit, and this is not the worst. My dad works in the hospital and he told me about some guy that had a que ball stuck up his ass
They wouldn't remember :/ Isn't it all better than suffering? :/
Never have that mindset pls. They have seen much worse
How does one even get in that situation?
You really don't want to know...
One hell of a scratch.
Que?
a que ball from billiards

&amp;#x200B;
I was making a pun. A cue ball is used in billards, however que is the Spanish word for what.
Didn’t know that that’s how you spell it. My bad. Thanks for letting me know
No problem. It how we improve!

Summary:
It did, and my hands bled with the pain of a thousand paper cuts.
Now imagine thousands of paper cuts in all the grooves of your hands.
TL;DR I used callous remover to remove the skin on my hands.
I can only type this now, weeks after the mistake.
