Original Response:
In America, where absolute freedom of speech is the standard, Muslims must have absolute religious liberty. In Europe, where freedom of speech is not absolute, one wonders whether a religion like Islam, which calls for the subjugation of all non-Muslims, should be tolerated... legally.
[deleted]
I’ll care about Islam having religious equality in Christian nations when Christianity has religious equality in Islamic nations.
I’ll care about Islam having religious equality in Christian nations when Christianity has religious equality in Islamic nations.
Thats dumb, America is a leader not a follower
First of all, no right as an absolute. Freedom of speech is curtailed when it becomes slanderous, libel, or presents an imminent danger.

Also, Muslims have been in America since its founding. A cursory reading of [Muslims in America](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islam_in_the_United_States?wprov=sfti1) could be beneficial to many people.

I can see some eager internet Catholics want to declare Protestantism as not being a real religion and thus try to strip Lutherans of religious freedom. They can use things like “it isn’t a real church but a schismatic ecclesiastical community” as a basis for their claim.

A threat to liberty anywhere is still a threat to liberty everywhere…to paraphrase a quote.
Yes you can. Allowing freedom of speech to
Someone who does not believe in freedom of speech does not negate the law of freedom of speech.

They are allowed to argue their point all they want
My comment didn’t have anything to do with America, which is not a Christian nation. It’s a nation with a ton of Christians.
How is respecting everyone's freedom to practice their religion "getting their jolleys thinking about America turning into some high Islam nation".

No one is saying the US should become more Islamic. We're saying that we should respect everyone's right to practice their religion.

These people trying to suppress others rights by claiming Islam isn't a religion are nuts.
What kind of mature adult has the point of view “nuh uh ill do it when they do it!”
What kind of mature adult has the point of view “nuh uh ill do it when they do it!”
&gt; I can see some eager internet Catholics want to declare Protestantism as not being a real religion 

Or vice versa. Or the "box religions" as i call them trying to suppress those of us who don't buy into the boxes.
When person A's freedom is shouting an insult and person B's freedom is based on making that other person shutup, or threatening them with death, or preaching about their deaths from the pulpit, the two are incompatbile.  The Islamic religion is full of instances of killing people for excercising the freedom we would supposedly be protecting as equal to theirs.

You can't have equal freedom for two groups if a sizeable continegent of the other group plans to harm the other for excercising said freedoms.  You can prevent individual cases of discrimination, but you cannot treat the two as the same because it's folly.
&gt;	and accepting it as an equal religion is a slow poison pill to our liberty. 

Yet so is *denying* someone the right to their religion , which is arguably a worse proposition. 

The way we address the issue you bring up is via the rule of law. 

Just as any other religion in America, Islam would be subject to the secular rule of law that governs the actions of all believers. 

It’s not as if Muslims in America want to start honor killing people , this would be permitted bt the state. 

Of course, for this to work in the first place, we need to have a strong separation of church and state, and a strong demarcation of religious freedom. The eroding of religious freedom, even when done to favor a different religion, such as Christianity, ultimately weakens the state’s ability to regulate the actions of these believers.
&gt; You can't have absolute freedom of speech if your religion forbids freedom of speech.

This is why I reject absolute freedom of speech. I believe speech that expresses values fundamentally contrary to liberal democracy should be legally prohibited. Be that fascism, Islam, Marxist-Leninism, or whatever else. However, constitutionally such an approach is un-American.
Indeed, the whole notion that there’s Vatican City and the Holy See, which is rather confusing as this [CGP Grey video points out](https://youtu.be/OPHRIjI3hXs), ~~makes~~ would make it easy for an anti-Catholic Protestant to say that Catholicism isn’t a real religion but rather a geopolitical force led by the Pope…an un-American Pope at that.

Freedom of religion must include freedom from it as well.

*Edited to better clarify my point*
We should not let the religious freedom (or lack thereof) of Islamic nations dictate our own.
What you are missing here is the rule of law. Religious freedom does not , and should not, mean “the freedom to do whatever the fuck I please, as long as I have a religious justification”.

However, if we erode the power of the secular state in favor of our preferred religions, we can’t really complain when other religions take advantage of this.
Hell, if that POV is good enough for the President...
The question is then who writes the dictionary that definese those things for purposes of law making.  What exactly is fascist speech?  Most people calling other's fascist have no idea what fascism is, and by excercising their arbitrary "elitism" they are in fact the fascists themselves.  Perhaps another defintion is making business and government heavily integrated.  Some would call that partial socialism for the rich instead of the fascism Mussolini defined.  For that to work, society needs an agreed upon dictionary, which does not work in America. Much of America's civil strife is occuring between two factions.  One faction thinks the language is relatively static and the other thinks words mean different things and each person can create differing interpretations of fact. In this notion of so many "interpretations" the entire concept of a solid understanding of meaning via precise words is missing.   I don't support liberal democracy, precisely for reason like the one mentioned, where people can attempt to define words and sentences to mean whatever they want them to mean.  I support the republic and it's buffers against the ravages of democracy.  I support this even though I am not a rich man, and had economic upsets and trials.  The United States is vastly less moral than many other liberal democracies and the kinship that those closely-group citizens know does not exist in the United Sates.  In Australia, they generally care about their neighbor because of the environment. In Europe, because of the wars and famines.  In South America, their democracies have gone through lots and lots of problems.  I don't support democacy because America would fall too close to rule by an unruly mob instead of civilized rule.  America would have witch trials
Good news for them I suppose. They’ll never have to worry about treating me as an equal should I choose to move to Syria.
Kill me now.
Ah i see your maturity level is set at Trump
Generally, fascist nations have a lot more "witch trials" than democracies. Democracies have safeguards against this kind of thing, but if we erode democracy, then the ruling party gets to do whatever it wants.
Because “treat others as we are treated” is a principle of Christianity, and Jesus did say “an eye for an eye.”
&gt; I don't support liberal democracy, precisely for reason like the one mentioned, where people can attempt to define words and sentences to mean whatever they want them to mean. I support the republic and it's buffers against the ravages of democracy.

This distinction between "democracy" and "republic" exists only in the imagination of Americans... and Plato. For the rest of the world who is neither American nor Plato a liberal democracy is an essential ingredient of a republic and vice versa. I really want you to do me a favour and define for me how you think the two are different. Especially while we're on the subject of definitions.

As for how we define fascist speech. I think a really starting point is making claims to political violence illegal. When a socialist says, "Liberals will be the first against the wall", a liberal democracy should let them know their official stance on that via a visit from the police.

Ultimately a law about speech should be defined the same way a law about actions is defined: case law. Yes... maybe we might be edging closer and closer towards a world where it will be illegal to claim non-Christians go to Hell. But that's just an opportunity to really put our Christian faith to the test.
Before the recent wars and ISIS Syria actually had fairly good religious equality for the region.
&gt; I really want you to do me a favour and define for me how you think the two are different. 

Buffers between the elected people and the results.  For example, Switzerland has pure democratic votes on some law changes.  In the United States, originally the people didn't vote on the Senate.  The people elected the house, and the house only voted on the Senate.  This prevented life time appointments because the house could change things quickly and it was easier to replace incumbents.   A republic has buffers where the minority can win things.  Like elections via the electoral college.  Regulatory decisions made by agencies instead of via popular vote, but which can still be changed by the governing officials. A republic preserves minorities more than it rewards the majority, while still allowing some general direction giving from the population.

It would be good if local governments did more about economics but then they might have issues being competitive and so they don't.  Some states are worse than other states.  By having a Federal government that can temper the worst ideas of the Missouri majority from being forced on the Missouri minority, the minority benefits.

That is the essence of conservatism, and it's why freedom can flourish among smaller groups instead of just the dominant majority overrunning everything within a decade. 

A republic has buffers that prevent the majority from winning while still letting people vote. A republic is generally more moral than a democracy in it's overall behaviors, while being less moral in its population's sentiments.  Societal decline takes longer for republics with good buffers.

A democracy lets the majority make it's decisions.  A republic lets the majority inform it's decisions.
And that is thanks to the secular government being supported by Russia. The Islamic factions are what lead to the religious intolerance in Syria.
Unless you live there, why do you care what Europe tolerates?
A republic is a form of government that has no king or monarch.

That’s it.

Ancient Rome was a republic for a long time. In modern times, Russia is now a republic, as is Ireland, Italy, Greece, Iran, Iraq, China, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Central African Republic, and South Africa. Britain, Canada, Australia, The Netherlands, Lichtenstein, and I guess the Vatican are not republics. They are various forms of monarchies.
Don't forget: "Hate your enemies".

That verse is my favorite!
Well first of all... I do live there. Second of all... I don't need a reason to have a political opinion on something. I think America should pass better gun control... That's a political opinion. The fact that it won't affect me as somebody who doesn't live in America is immaterial.
&gt;which calls for the subjugation of all non-Muslims

  
???
&gt;Christianity has religious equality in Islamic nations

If you're insinuating that Christianity is illegal in most Islamic countries that is demonstrably false
Surah 9:29
Right, because a dictatorial hellhole does it is good enough reason for us to do it. 

“Mom, he punched me, it’s only fair for me to punch back”

Did you never grow past second grade?
Right, the values that Jesus spouted of “when you are struck, turn your fist and raise your weapons” and “hate people”
the jizyah is just a tax. it isn't even a tax imposed in addition to another tax because in an islamist state the tax opposed on non-muslims, zakat, is a religious obligation and would therefore be silly to force upon dhimmi
Pretend that Islam held a voting majority and ask if you'd support application of that to Christianity and I expect you wouldn't.

If you're arguing that you aren't supporting  subjugation of non-Christians I'd direct you to your own comment.
In Greek, republic is translated to "Δημοκρατία", I always find it quite ironic when people say republics are not democracies, when the loan word they use is literally the translation of "republic".
No no no that simply won't do. You're describing the very real process of Muslims implementing blasphemy laws in Muslim majority countries. In fact, even in Europe today, legitimate criticisms of Islam are censored for being Islamophobic.

I on the other hand am saying Islam should be illegal because it fundamentally and inexorably contradicts western values of equality, freedom, and tolerance.

I am not supporting the subjugation of nom-Christians because I'm a Christian. I'm supporting the subjugation of all ideologues that necessitate violent subjection of dicidents because I'm a liberal.

Summary:
I’ll care about Islam having religious equality in Christian nations when Christianity has religious equality in Islamic nations.
I support the republic and it's buffers against the ravages of democracy.
A democracy lets the majority make it's decisions.
I really want you to do me a favour and define for me how you think the two are different.
&gt; I really want you to do me a favour and define for me how you think the two are different.
This is why I reject absolute freedom of speech.
A republic has buffers that prevent the majority from winning while still letting people vote.
A republic has buffers where the minority can win things.
Just as any other religion in America, Islam would be subject to the secular rule of law that governs the actions of all believers.
I am not supporting the subjugation of nom-Christians because I'm a Christian.
America would have witch trials.
First of all, no right as an absolute.
A republic lets the majority inform it's decisions.
As for how we define fascist speech.
