Original Response:
I have an s priv and just got some pre wrapped ss claptons from avs using in my drop rda. Dual is showing right around .2ohms. I'm wanting to use tc mode but im not understanding the tcr/wattage settings. Its at 105 tcr 60 watts and 250c but I'm just not getting a lot of vapor like i want and I'm scared to play with it too much. There are tons of guides out there but they are all over the place and I was wondering if there was something that could simplify it for me. Any help would be appreciated. Using it in wattage till I figure this out.
smok mods suck at TC, don't waste your time with it.
Got an rx 200, i just like the priv more for portability plus i got the priv for 25 bucks new with the batteries. Those any better at it?
rx200 is even worse at temp control. pretty much anything wisemc, eleaf, joeyetch, smok, ijoy , sigelei is gonna suck at TC.
Well i did just learn low batteries can make tc not work at all.
low batteries have no effect on TC other then it lowers the max output of the mod. Not sure who said that but that doens't make any sense lol
I know it doesn't, but my batteries were almost showing red and when I changed them tc is getting hot now. So i just know what I know lol.
Hey now Anthony (love your reviews BTW), I have been a lucky sole and have a O.G. RX200 from like 2013-14. 

I am using right this moment with perfect TC. Like flawless glass smooth draws that won't let me dry hit ever.

Took some updates and finding a 'good  SS316L build' but all I know that it works perfect.

That said I know I got lucky with the crap 510 and the early firmware was like hitting a rollercoaster of full-on power then full-off hits.

But Joytec's new firmware seems to have fixed that issue and it just works great now.

So back off my RX200 TC man! (said in a joking way :))
That's just the output. Nothing to do with TC specifically. As batteries get low the max watts the mod can put out changes.
Lol all good if u like it but even with AF TC was just bad for me. I even purchased a custom rx squonker with AF and a good 510 and still bunk. Havent came across good TC from anything in the joyetech family to this day. Hell I working on an active review and 1st build kicked out of TC. I'd urge you to try another mod and see if u feel the same way :)
Oh trust me I know all about the kicking out of temp control and all that.

I used to deal with that all the time until I tried ArticFox and upped my build ohm's. But I have went back to the newest stock firmware awhile ago and it really works perfect. Super steady power (no on-off-on stuff) and will not dry hit even if I try my best to do so. My DNA mod friend was impressed.

And I have and tried many different mods and some def do TC better then others.

But for some reason I just got lucky I guess and this RX just works perfect.

I know it shouldn't, but I swear the newest firmware did the trick of fixing there awful TC. And keeping the 510 happy is also key.

I have a background with small electronics and believe me, this RX200 should have died years ago. But it only has got better though out the years.

That all said I still would NOT recommend a RX series. Just too many 510 and TC issues as you know. i just got lucky with mine I think. Take care.
I mean if it only works with 1 build IMO it doesnt work. It's like saying my car drives great but only in 1st gear. At least that's how I see it.

Summary:
I am using right this moment with perfect TC.
So i just know what I know lol.
Lol all good if u like it but even with AF TC was just bad for me.
Just too many 510 and TC issues as you know.
Hell I working on an active review and 1st build kicked out of TC.
