Original Response:
Well, blame it on iPhone X.

It was so much more popular and expensive than 8 last year. Apple might have saw the opportunity that people are still willing to pay a high price for iPhone. Hence the increase in price this year.
I may be biased cause i’m using an Iphone X now but it was more a brand new iphone, like the new design and everything that made it even more compelling, which is why i wanted to get it.

I like apple but even i feel this new pricing for 512Gb is abit crazy. And the Iphone Xr being their “budget” phone , starting at 1249.
That's why I'm thinking about going down to experience the new phones myself. Then decide which to get.

Not flaming. But In the first place do you even need so much space for your phone? LOL.

I always go for the lowest capacity. 64Gb is more than enough IMO.
You can't put the words, apple and budget, together like ever.
The Iphone X only came in the 64gb variant and 256gb variant and personally, 64gb is way too little for me, especially with no external storage to increase it. 

It’s more of future proofing and have the option and not limiting yourself in regards to on board storage. 

But there is cloud storage now but even with Apple’s 50Gb icloud backup, i kinda ran out of space already. So i would rather have more on board storage
[deleted]
&gt; I like apple but even i feel this new pricing for 512Gb is abit crazy. And the Iphone Xr being their “budget” phone , starting at 1249. 

This is what irritates me the most, it's USD$749, which amounts to SGD$9xx - but they are charging us SGD$300 more!

If it was SGD$999, I would be happy to replace my 6plus on launch day!

But alas, I will wait for iOS12 and see what improvements it does for my 4 year old 6 plus!

&amp;#x200B;
There is gst in Singapore, but to be fair there is probably sales tax if you buy in the us
&gt;But alas, I will wait for iOS12 and see what improvements it does for my 4 year old 6 plus!

&amp;#x200B;

feels like it'd brick it though. Heard from alot of friends with older phones that once they upgrade the iOS the phones get sluggish cause the hardware can't really improve the software. have you been updating yours?
No idea what the fuss is really - I always update the OS to the latest and greatest - no bricking, no slow downs
The sales tax in California is 7.25% - so our price should be cheaper!

Summary:
I like apple but even i feel this new pricing for 512Gb is abit crazy.
&gt; I like apple but even i feel this new pricing for 512Gb is abit crazy.
And the Iphone Xr being their “budget” phone , starting at 1249.
