Original Response:
It all began after the first month we started dating and I don’t know why I didn’t end things right then and there. While I was taming a shower, he looked through all of the photos on my laptop and yelled at me cause I still had photos of me and my ex. I didn’t even remember, cause I don’t look at those photos and I guess I was too lazy to delete them. Also, I don’t use that laptop so often since it’s slow, soooo yeah, I wasn’t being sentimental.

I’ve always been a nosy person and I admit I stalked his wall, his exes, even his parents, BUT it was all public info. I’ve been alone with his laptop/phone etc. but I’ve never ever even thought about reading his private conversations. I wouldn’t do that to anyone. He doesn’t care, though. He memorized my ipad password and he read everything, including some really private posts here on reddit. He yelled at me and broke up with me. 

He occasionally lurks in my facebook account, because I’m dumb and I’m always like “No, he wouldn’t do that again” but he always does. Today I was logged on our shared laptop and I saw in my fb app that there was some activity going on 40 minutes ago while I was taking a shower. I looked the chrome history, but he had deleted everything. I lost it and I started crying and he had the audacity to blame me for his trust issues and said that there is something I’m hiding since I’m reacting this way. I tried to explain I have nothing to hide, but it’s just horrible to feel uncomfortable at home. I can’t even sleep properly anymore because I’m nervous if he’ll decide to randomly read my messages. He scrolled maybe months of my fb searches which is really embarrassing and yelled at me again. He said I must be hiding something since I’m so upset. I don’t hide anything and I never gave him a reason not too trust me. Once he dumped me and I grabbed a beer with an old friend and he found out, blamed me for cheating on him and even complained to my mother. I go to therapy every week (not only because of him, I have other issues). There was this group session and I met a boy who has similar problems to mine and I felt that finally I’d have someone outside therapy to talk to. He’s not my type and I didn’t like him in a romantic way, I just felt we could be friends but my boyfriend found out we’ve talked once (because he was snooping again ofc) and again yelled at me. He said I was a cheater and that’s why he had trust issues. I’ve always been faithful and I didn’t deserve this. 

I changed all my passwords but I’m tired of feeling uncomfortable in my own home. He went out and told me I deserve this and he’s right to invade my privacy and I have no right to be mad. I don’t know what to do anymore.

Tl;dr: Boyfriend is invading my privacy and blames me for his trust issues 

Update: Thank you so much for the comments and support! I finally picked up some courage and ended this pathetic excuse of a relationship and you all helped me a lot! Two days ago he came with his mother (omg) to collect his stuff and also took the laptop he gave me as present, which was pathetic. I’m feeling so much better now. Thank you again for the support and messages! You’re awesome.
Break up. Honestly, if you can't be comfortable at home, where else is there? He doesn't trust you, he's never going to trust you, you aren't happy... what about this situation makes it worth hanging on to?
I always think that as time passes by, he’ll start trusting me, but it only gets worse... I’ve thought about bringing him to therapy sessions but idk if it’ll work
Why do you think he'll change?
That’s not how jealousy and insecurity works. There’s nothing you can do to fix his mental issues, only he can change himself.
He’ll use therapy against you. He’s not a project to fix. Get out of this abusive situation.
It will not work. He’s getting worse, not better.
[removed]
It's not as simple as "I don't trust her." He is actively trying to control you. It's more than trust. He is emotionally abusive.
What he’s doing to you is abuse.  If you bring him to therapy, he will only learn better ways to twist everything around and abuse you more.
Never go to therapy with an abuser. He'll just learn how to abuse you better.
It gets worse because he keeps pushing your boundaries more and more, and you put up with it each time.  There's no consequences for him, and he wants someone completely under his thumb.  

&amp;#x200B;

you need to leave.
Cycle of abuse. You are in the cycle and you are afraid to get out.
I’m seeing this sentiment a lot on this thread and have never heard this before. I’m curious to learn more? I was close to convincing an abusive ex to go to therapy with me and now I’m wondering if not going was a blessing in disguise. How does therapy help abusers refine their abuse?
You aren't going to take this seriously but I have a few minutes on my hands.

He more than likely does not have a mental problem.  What he seems to have is an entitlement problem.  That is abuser territory.  Abusers don't abuse because they're crazy, they abuse because they think they're entitled to treat their victim that way.  That they *deserve* it.

1. This will only get worse.
2. You have to leave.
3. I don't care how you feel about this guy, he's Bad News.
4. This will only get worse.

Do not take him to therapy with you.  Abusers only learn how better to abuse and hide it in those situations.  Make a plan to leave, keep it hidden, then leave when he's gone.

If you happen to have some free time, look for your BF in this book: "Why Does He DO That?!" by Lundy Bancroft.  It's about how to recognize abusers.  Also look at loveisrespect(dot)org.  Take the test there about whether this is abuse.
As time passes you get more and more entrenched.  The best predictor of future behaviour is past behaviour. 

DO NOT have a baby with this guy. 

DO NOT marry this guy. 

Move out —- the end. 

If you don’t you will be on this reddit sub when you are 30 and 40 — what do you want for your future.   Take control over your own life.
They get better at knowing what other people see as normal and acceptable and hide their bad behaviors accordingly. They learn the language used in therapy surrounding abuse and they'll use it to sound intellectual to you and others to prove that they're not the one at fault, and they'll twist things around to make it sound like they're the victim.
[removed]
[deleted]
[deleted]
You are using the logic of a normal brain to assess an abnormal reaction and response from a jealous untrusting brain. It typically does not get better, often it slowly ramps up and gets worse and worse. I’ve heard, “it can’t get much worse,” but it can. Only you can decide when the last time is going to be. You’ll likely have to break up to get it to stop.
No, no, no, no, no.

Nothing you do will ever be enough, he's the one with the problem not you. Trusting people is scary but if you can't do it you have no business ruining someone else's life trying to control them.

Run, run, run.
Jesus, girl. No, he does not need to know your most intimate thoughts on top of everything you've ever written on the internet. He's got enough ammunition to fuck with your head. He needs individual therapy. And so do you, to figure out why you keep going deeper and deeper into this dysfunctional mess instead of running.
It looks like you still believe you are doing something that's triggering his behavior. You aren't. There is nothing that you are doing wrong, and there is nothing you can do to "make" him trust you.

The problem is in his head. You can't fix it for him. It doesn't sound like you can live a normal life around him either, he is paranoid over your completely normal behavior.
Ok everyone keeps telling me to read this book so guess I’m gonna read this book
&gt; I always think that as time passes by, he’ll start trusting me, 

People never just change. They have to 1) want to change of their own accord and 2) take active steps to change. 

You are learning a painful and powerful lesson here. If something sucks about your relationship, don't just expect it to change. If it's a major red flag, like this one, just break it off, even if you love them. If it's more minor, talk to them about changing, but still be prepared to break things off if nothing does.
“The more psychotherapy an abusive man has participated in, the more impossible I usually find it is to work with him.

The highly “therapized” abuser tends to be slick, condescending, and manipulative. He uses the psychological concepts he has learned to dissect his partner’s flaws and dismiss her perceptions of abuse. He takes responsibility for nothing that he does; he moves in a world where there are only unfortunate dynamics, miscommunications, symbolic acts. He expects to be rewarded for his emotional openness, handled gingerly because of his “vulnerability,” colluded with in skirting the damage he has done, and congratulated for his insight.

Many years ago, a violent abuser in my program shared the following with us: “From working in therapy on my issues about anger toward my mother, I realized that when I punched my wife, it wasn’t really her I was hitting. It was my mother!” He sat back, ready for us to express our approval of his self-awareness. My colleague peered through his glasses at the man, unimpressed by this revelation. “No,” he said, “you were hitting your wife.”

I have yet to meet an abuser who has made any meaningful and lasting changes in his behavior toward female partners through therapy, regardless of how much “insight”—most of it false—that he may have gained. The fact is that if an abuser finds a particularly skilled therapist and if the therapy is especially successful, when he is finished he will be a happy, well-adjusted abuser—good news for him, perhaps, but not such good news for his partner. Psychotherapy can be very valuable for the issues it is devised to address, but partner abuse is not one of them; an abusive man needs to be in a specialized program.”

-Lundy Bancroft, “Why Does He Do That”
This, 100%. I gave my ex an ultimatum: come to counselling with me or I’m leaving ASAP. He agreed to the counselling but didn’t actively participate in any of the sessions while I poured my guts out. He just sat there like a dumbass, however away from the sessions he would use all the psych babble against me, and knew how to push my buttons more effectively. He turned into a gaslighting pro. Left him after four sessions. Infinitely happier.
I wouldn’t even waste my time on therapy. It won’t get better. He has major issues that you can’t help fix. Better to ditch him.
This makes a bucketload of sense to me regarding a past situation in my own life so thank you!!
I've been in an abusive relationship. I never thought I would be. I kept blaming my "dumb" self for trusting where I should know better, and blaming myself for not trusting where I should keep trying (so I kept on trying).

Abuse often feels like the abused person (trying to be idealistic and loving and a healer and the better person) trying to control the situation by taking responsibility for it (and with that comes an illusion of control, masking the abuse),

*but*

actually,

the only way out

is to say

"I don't have control over this"

and get the fuck out.
&gt; I’m seeing this sentiment a lot on this thread and have never heard this before

I swear I had heard this advice on Loveline back in the day, so I'd say it's a pretty old piece of advice.

If you look up "Why We Don’t Recommend Couples Counseling for Abusive Relationships", you'll see an article from thehotline about why it's a bad idea.

&gt;In order for couples counseling to be successful, both partners must be willing to take responsibility for their actions and make adjustments to their behavior. **Abusive people want all of the power and control in the relationship and will focus on maintaining that imbalance, even if it means continuing unhealthy and hurtful behavior patterns. Many callers to the Hotline have related stories of trying and “failing” at couples counseling because of an abusive partner’s focus on manipulating the sessions to place blame, minimize the abuse, and attempt to win over the therapist to their side.** If the therapist tries to hold the abusive partner accountable for these tactics, they will often refuse to attend further sessions and may even forbid their partner to see the “biased” therapist again. The abusive partner may even choose to escalate the abuse because they feel their power and control was threatened.
&gt; I’ve thought about bringing him to therapy sessions but idk if it’ll work

No, move on. Break up and don't speak to him again. Go BE HAPPY. Stop living in a miserable relationship and find a way to find your own happiness.
This not about trust, it's about control.   These behaviors escalate.
&gt; I’ve thought about bringing him to therapy sessions but idk if it’ll work

It won't. He needs to go to individual therapy. He likely will use couple's therapy to manipulate you further.

Also, he has not had any consequences from his actions.

&gt; I always think that as time passes by, he’ll start trusting me

In a future relationship *that does not involve you*, he might have figured his shit out enough to trust people. That's not going to happen between you two. It's done.

Couple's therapy will make it worse. You breaking up with him permanently and him going to individual therapy might help him some day. But it won't ever be with you.

There are better people out there.
Years ago, I went to therapy with an abusive ex. (Unfortunately I’d never heard the advice not to.) I can attest that it was a nightmare. We only went to one session. A lot of my energy in the session was invested in trying not to anger him; but I was still trying to be open and honest with our therapist. 

My ex became increasingly agitated and hostile, interrupted, and accused me of “trying to turn (the therapist) against him.” The therapist was having none of it and actually set boundaries. Eventually, my ex stormed out, leaving me sobbing alone. The therapist gently informed me that I was welcome to come back, but the dynamic with my ex was toxic and my ex could not come back. 

When I got home, my ex flipped on me. He spent the next several weeks blaming and guilt-tripping me for “demonizing” him in therapy, and doing the wounded-animal act abusers sometimes do when it was very “oh woe, you’ve wounded me to the core.” I regretted every second that we’d gone to therapy and wished we’d never done it.

In the end, it just became one more thing he gaslit me over and used against me. 

No healthy therapy is possible with an abuser, because they’re not actually interested in changing. They just want to retain their control. And if the therapist sees through it (as many do) and doesn’t allow them to impose their worldview on the therapy, they will go off the rails.
&gt;he’ll start trusting me,

What about *your* trust? He's done a ton of stuff out of paranoia/insecurity/jealousy/control issues that have brought you to a point that you don't feel comfortable *in your own home!* 

There's nothing here in this relationship. He's controlling, jealous, emotionally manipulative, and he's already broken up with you twice. Get out of this and stay out of this. Remember, you know you haven't done anything wrong and you have nothing you need to prove to him.
THIS, OP. 

You aren’t triggering his behavior, that’s him finding a way to blame his behaviors on you instead of taking responsibility for his own issues. Don’t believe him when he says that you’re hiding something or doing something wrong.
[removed]
I just had to end a relationship over the same shit. He didn't respect my emotional privacy and would dig through conversations with my best frielnd once he didn't find anything to be mad about in messages with guys. And it happened twice!! (After promising me never again after the first time) huge deal breaker for me. When I caught him the second time I ended it on the spot. He was on his knees sobbing and apologizing, it was absolutely horrific. But he knew it was my deal-breaker and did it anyway. That's on him, not on me. And it's not on you OP if he is invading your emotional privacy to the point you feel completely exposed and helpless. 

(I'm simplifying of course. It's not easy to essentially dump yourself over someone else's actions forcing you to. And I'm lucky we had been together less than a year and he revealed this side of himself early enough that I was very wary and resentful to begin with so it was easier to leave. But aside from that we'd grown very close and I do miss him. But ultimately I can't live knowing each new friend comes at the sacrifice of hurting my relationship, or never being allowed to be friendly with new people if I want to preserve peace. It took a lot of strength to pull the plug and keep it pulled after a lot of internal debate and facing his pleas, and I hope you find your strength to do it too.)
Do not let him anywhere near your birth control.

Do not rely on him to use a condom.
You shouldn't have to wait for that. And it will never come, it'll escalate because he's abusive. He'll make you feel bad for going out with friends. You'll feel like he's the only person in your life, which makes it harder for you to leave. He'll create rifts between you and your family for the same reason. Then he'll want you to stop working - he makes enough and he can take care of you! Now he makes all the money and you have no control over any of it, meaning you can't leave even if you wanted to. How would you get an apartment with no job and no money?? Then things really escalate, he becomes physically and sexually violent, but you're too embarrassed to ask for help from the family and friends you alienated long ago. He's in control and you're trapped. Until one night he gets really angry and he kills you.
It's time to go, you gave it a good shot. You have nothing to feel bad about here, you are worth more than this.
I'd argue that entitlement is a form of craziness but otherwise I agree
This. 💯. Couldn’t have said it better myself.
They will also collect personal information about you obtained in therapy and use it against you in the heat of an argument, twisting your words until you apologize for having said something completely legit. And then they will make you think you’re crazy for being honest about how fucked up the situ is. It’s called gaslighting. It’s extremely toxic. I divorced my ex because of this and other reasons. Get out now, please, and get a restraining order if you need one. Good luck.
when someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. he’s not going to get better. he seems already to be getting worse. and the longer you stay with him the more invested you become, making it harder to get away. please take care, leave, take what protective measures you can. also if your therapist isn’t helping you see this, get another therapist.  
good luck! be safe!
THIS RIGHT HERE. He will definitely use your feelings against you if you bring him to therapy. He will pretend to understand and maybe seem apologetic during the session, and then things will become worse afterwards. This bridge needs to be burned. Laptop needs to be reset to factory settings. Maybe search around for how to find if he's got a keylogger (is that the right term?) downloaded on the laptop and how to go about getting rid of it. Find someone tech savvy. Take this to the police if he has done that
He will never trust you and this will only get worse.
Omg what a nightmare I’m so sorry
It only works if they see that they have an issue.
Sorry to break it to you - it won’t! Just MOVE ON and find happiness. In a year you will look back and wonder wtf you were thinking.
It was four years ago and the best decision I ever made. It was hard at the time (our daughter was only 15 months old) but life is so, so, *so* much better and *easier* now!
There's nothing *you* can do to fix this because *you* aren't the problem. He has to realize he's messed up, want to change, and seek therapy on his own. I seriously doubt that's going to happen so please break free of him and get your life back!
[removed]
[removed]
It's rarely worth trying to change someone. You think it's worth it because I'm assuming he has his good traits, but this particular behavior isn't worth working on. Not only that, but it's fairly impossible for you to do anything about it. If he wants to change his trust issues and manipulative behavior, he needs therapy and the desire to change it for his own benefit.

You are his girlfriend, not his therapist, and you are not equipped to fix this. It is not your place to fix it. It is damaging to attempt to play therapist to your lover. Your choices are to accept it, tell him to fix it, or leave him.
[removed]
[removed]
He’s already doing it. 

“I’m not invading your privacy and attempting to isolate you from your friends and support system, I just have *trust issues.*”
I'm glad that his delusional state of being irresistible to you makes him be kind and. It abusive. You sound like a great mom and a strong women. Your daughter is lucky to have you as a role model and a mom.
You can never change him to be a better person. He can only change you to be more frustrated and miserable.
You just described my dad in his couples therapy with my step mom. Yikes.
Never go to therapy with an abuser. The abuse will get worse.
It isn't you that's the problem, or anything you can do to change his perception of you. This is an internal issue of his own.
please listen to /u/unhappymedium ("Never go to therapy with an abuser. He'll just learn how to abuse you better").  I can't emphasize/upvote this enough.

Also, something to think about:  the issue here isn't that he doesn't trust you.  Whether he trusts you or not has nothing to do with the way he is violating you.  I can promise you, it only gets worse from here.  And right now, it's bad enough to keep you from sleeping at night.

Please think about this.  And stay safe *hugs*
Why are you staying in a relationship that isn't going to change and only makes you miserable?
Thanks mate, that’s very kind for you to say!
In addition to what others above have mentioned, therapists can be just as susceptible to the manipulations of a charming person and some therapist are just plain bad. There have been numerous posts here where the abuser turned the therapist into their flying monkey and the therapist contributed to the abuse by putting the blame for the issues on the victim.
I’ve never thought about that, thank you! I’d definitely not bring him with me.
Truth is, I’ve always felt like I’m the one abusing him and for most parts it’s probably true, though in the end I’m the one that’s hurt and he’s fine. I’m the most insecure person in the world and have anger management issues. That’s why I’m going to therapy and I feel it’s not working because he’s setting me back. To be honest, I’ve accepted the fact that he hates my friends (especially the male ones) and best case scenario I’d hang out with them once every 6 months, but looking through my private stuff is next level. Even I, with all my insecurities and issues, would never do that. 
Last night we went to a corporate event from where he works and he said he shouldn’t do stuff like that because “I’m so beautiful and he wouldn’t forgive himself if I leave him” which was, in my opinion, a shallow and offensive thing to say. Sometimes I feel he sees me as some kind of a brainless creature who, if left alone for a minute, will have sex with the first random stranger.
[deleted]
&gt;I’ve always felt like I’m the one abusing him

That's just another thing they do. "I am so hurt that you say the things I do to you caused you pain. My hurt over this is worse than the harm I did to you in the first place. Maybe YOU are abusing ME with this?"

It's tricky, because I could also turn that around to be true-ish. Like "You're hiding things from me on purpose, then I get worried and then you have the nerve to tell me this is my fault, you're gaslighting me."

Now, I'm NOT saying this is the case, but once there is abuse in a relationship, the abusing partner can twist it whichever way they want. That's why the rule of thumb should be: Once there is abuse, the relationship must end.

This way, you can be free of the worry if it's really you, not him, because, hey, doesn't matter. Break up either way.
Well said... This is abuse straight up and this guy is not worth the time of day. The good news is you'll know what to spot for in the future to avoid selfish, manipulative and abusive creepers like this one.
If OP ever managed to stop all the things he blames for his abuse, he'll find new behaviours OP needs to drop, until there is no OP left.

Abuse victims often describe how they end up feeling numb, empty, a shell of themselves. That's a part of why that is.
Even if he went to therapy, I think the damage has been done already.  Reading your post I don't really see why you'd even want to put the effort into this.  If he cared about the effects of his actions, he would have pursued therapy on his own well before now.  It sounds like you need to try to stop fixing what's beyond broken and move on.
“To be honest, I’ve accepted the fact that he hates my friends...and best case scenario I’d hang out with them once every 6 months”

Okay, now I’m convinced that you’re being groomed for escalating abuse from this guy. He’s isolated you through his disapproval of your friends so no one tries to tell you how awful what he does to you really is, and you never leave. 

You feel like he sees you like a brainless creature *because that is exactly how he treats you.* 

This will *only* get worse and *you deserve better.* Please, please leave him.
Nope. Get a better boyfriend.
Therapy fixes communication problems, not character deficiency. Your boyfriend believes he owns you. Therapy doesn't fix flawed values, unless he admits he has a problem and is willing to work on himself, but the core essence of entitlement is refusing to acknowledge you have a problem to begin with. And even then, he'd have to do the work outside of your relationship.

In sum, YOU cannot fix him with therapy. You need to get out of there.
Op, I recommend you to break up as soon as possible. 
I had same problem with girlfriend, when we started to date, my ex sometimes texted me some friendly stuff, cause we already kinda exhausted each other and she was in other relationship too, but after several years together we developed some soulmate atmosphere and it was kinda hard to avoid it. 
Of course, it wasn’t taken warmly by my new gf, and to be fair I found it’s pretty justifiable, so at some point, I cut off completely from my ex, blocking and canceling everywhere, it wasn’t move I liked, but I wanted it to be better for my new love interest. Things didn’t changed for my gf tho, she was always suspicious and testing me, like she liked to ask me out of blue, how is my ex..
She never stopped at stalking and snooping, often taking my phone and checking my browser history when it was super embarrassing, like I googled sometimes some weird stuff before bed like “how hippos breath underwater” or “why mosquito bites can be itchy” lol.

So she checked everything and cause in my native language can be spelled in different ways she tried all variations in message history trying to find at least something, once she found out that one of my buddies liked one specific trait of my ex more than my current one, I defended my gf here saying, that she excels in many more other qualities, and it doesn’t matter. Still my girlfriend made big scene out of it, that even Ex name was brought up and of course hating my friend. 

We broke up with her later, in few years, we just were tired of each other, and I started to distance myself out, at some point after series of spectacle “I’m leaving you” I realized that it’s my time to take the reins and finally be over with it. In the end of the day, I realized that this stalking, invasion of privacy and constant suspicion made those relationships a failure, it was rotting slowly from inside.
A really good therapist will see the dynamic and call out the abuse. But that’s rare. And even when it happens the abuser doesn’t change, just gets even angrier.
[removed]
Yep
I learned the hard way. Invited ex to attend equine assisted therapy with our kids. 
4 sessions in of him doing nothing but bad mouthing me, everything about me. 
I had enough and ended that right then and there. 
Horses even had enough of his bullshit and one of the horses smacked him in the face with his tail. I shit you not. 

BEST.SESSION.EVER.
This is legitimately what I'm fearful of. I respect unbiased and objective therapy; I welcome therapist opinions that challenge my beliefs. 

But my fear and wonder is whether therapists are manipulated by a patient. 

Don't they have practices set in place to prevent this from happening? Fallback techniques to reel the therapist back into "objective" mode?
I have no idea what practices exist. I think the therapists from those posts were either bad or their particular area of expertise was just not the kind of people who are prone to abuse.
Silly rabbit, trust is for the rational.  Your boyfriend isn't rational, this isn't about you, it's about him.   He's not doing this because he doesn't trust you, he does this because he doesn't trust anyone.
I lived this life for 5 years, and can tell you now it does NOT get any better. Over time the crazy abuse just gets work. I lost nearly all my friends, I work in IT and so of course that meant I was cheating with most of the men I worked with. Anyone messaging me about work was just interested in me for sex. That relationship ruined my life - run for the hills!!
I lived this life for 5 years, and can tell you now it does NOT get any better. Over time the crazy abuse just gets work. I lost nearly all my friends, I work in IT and so of course that meant I was cheating with most of the men I worked with. Anyone messaging me about work was just interested in me for sex. That relationship ruined my life - run for the hills!!
[deleted]
Date someone _you want to date_, not someone you _might_ want to be with if they improved.  That just makes no sense.  If you can't even answer the question "what makes this worth it?" with anything concrete, it's definitely 100% not worth it.  Listen to yourself!

Summary:
Never go to therapy with an abuser.
He will never trust you and this will only get worse.
The abuse will get worse.
You need to get out of there.
he’s not going to get better.
Get out of this abusive situation.
This will only get worse.
It only works if they see that they have an issue.
He's not doing this because he doesn't trust you, he does this because he doesn't trust anyone.
He’s getting worse, not better.
Years ago, I went to therapy with an abusive ex.
He needs to go to individual therapy.
You can never change him to be a better person.
He likely will use couple's therapy to manipulate you further.
He'll just learn how to abuse you better.
He'll just learn how to abuse you better").
Do not take him to therapy with you.
This not about trust, it's about control.
I can promise you, it only gets worse from here.
Couple's therapy will make it worse.
That’s why I’m going to therapy and I feel it’s not working because he’s setting me back.
That's on him, not on me.
* 

This will *only* get worse and *you deserve better.
I had enough and ended that right then and there.
Even I, with all my insecurities and issues, would never do that.
I just had to end a relationship over the same shit.
I’m feeling so much better now.
Over time the crazy abuse just gets work.
He will definitely use your feelings against you if you bring him to therapy.
He'll make you feel bad for going out with friends.
Take control over your own life.
He’ll use therapy against you.
Nothing you do will ever be enough, he's the one with the problem not you.
I never thought I would be.
He said I was a cheater and that’s why he had trust issues.
He is actively trying to control you.
It's not as simple as "I don't trust her."
What he’s doing to you is abuse.
You have nothing to feel bad about here, you are worth more than this.
You can't fix it for him.
