Original Response:
So let's begin with saying I'm definitely a bisexual. It happened over time and I think the hypothesis that porn makes you attracted to men as well over time is pretty true, for me at least. I was not born attracted to men I kinda figured it out in my late teenage years. Before I get to my point I'd like to say that I haven't had any gay or bisexual experiences yet. Not because of shame, but simply, I haven't had anyone actively hit on me (I've been told I come off as very masculine and distant so that might play a part) and I'm not the type to show initiative with men or women. Also note the fact that I'm mostly submissive when I fantasize about men, but dominant with women. Not that I have anything against the complete opposite it's just what I'm attracted to a bit more.

I grew up in a hardcore christian family without a father, and people around me are generally homophobes. That doesn't really bother me though since I don't really care about the opinions of my family members or homophobes. Just figured you should know.

The problem itself lies in me completely losing interest in gay sex the moment I cum. like it's baffling it's so instantaneous. I don't feel disgust per say, I just lose interest and I feel like I'd straight up walk out on someone if that happened to me during sex. Which obviously would be a huge problem, since I'd be back to being attracted to them in less than an hour.

Finally I'd like to emphasize the point that I don't (consciously) think there's anything remotely close to being wrong about being gay, bi, submissive, whatever.

Any ideas on how to get rid of these mental shackles Im being held in?
&gt; The problem itself lies in me completely losing interest in gay sex the moment I cum. like it's baffling it's so instantaneous. I don't feel disgust per say, I just lose interest and I feel like I'd straight up walk out on someone if that happened to me during sex.

This is not all that uncommon. I mean what you describe here is pretty extreme--but it's not really all that uncommon for something to go from sexy to meh after orgasming. (My wife and I have experienced this; let's say all that bodily fluid goes from wildly sexy and hot to "I need a shower" with a couple of minutes of having an orgasm.)

And there is an opposite phenomenon, where the hornier you get during sex, the more things that may not normally appeal to you become hotter and sexier. I mean the evening starts off with a hug and some light petting, and as you get hornier all sorts of things that seemed gross a moment before start sounding hot--and by the time you hit that zenith, you start thinking about where to find a midget and how hot it would be to include a goat and a gallon of soapy water.

All kidding aside, that's how my first threesome happened in college; GF and I were in the heat of things, all wrapped up in our horniness, another guy opened the door unaware of what was happening--and stood there and stared, right up until I wiggled my finger inviting him in. If he had barged in 5 minutes earlier or five minutes later, it would have been a different story.
Haha, thats interesting. But regarding the sex drive kill after the orgasm, I know what you're describing here, I get that with women in smaller doses. I'm not nearly as attracted after sex, but definitely still attracted even if my penis doesn't really get me at that point. With gay sex it's like from 100 to complete 0. just nothing. It couldn't be less sexual, it doesnt evoke any feelings.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I have a bit of a bisexual streak in me and I understand what you're saying. Truthfully I'm not attracted to me; show me a perfect "10" in a man and a "4" in the woman, and I'll stare at the woman.

But on the other hand there is something about playing with someone else's dick, about making someone else feel good, abut them making you feel good--and at some level for me it's a mental thing: I want to be a little chaotic, a little playful, a little flirty--am I sucking you off right? Can I make your eyes roll back in your head? Do you mind if I rub your cock along the crack of my ass? What, is he watching? He doesn't have to just watch...

But once the orgasm comes, and all of that tends to go away--and what I'm personally left with is... well, not a heck of a lot, because as I said before I'm not visually attracted to men.
Stupid internet.
&gt;So in a way for me gay sex is more about playfulness and less about pure attraction--and once I'm done, the playfulness leaves the building, and there's very little left.

I'd say that's how I am 100%, but one experience kind of changed it. not thoroughly though, I was more attracted to how things went and the atmosphere, the mood, the situation all that and less to the actual person himself, since I know next to nothing about him other than that I like how he looks and that we can barely communicate since he speaks broken english.

Also, you deleted that part but cocks seem like they're fun to play with haha

Edit: Well, I like mine at least
&gt; Also, you deleted that part...

Yeah, my internet sucks, and I wound up rewriting that post from memory 3 times thinking each post was lost. 

But yeah, cocks are fun.
&gt; I was more attracted to how things went and the atmosphere, the mood, the situation all that and less to the actual person himself, since I know next to nothing about him other than that I like how he looks and that we can barely communicate since he speaks broken english.

You seem relatively normal to me, by the way.

If you were in some sort of subconscious denial, you would be self-sabotaging, as I was when I was younger. (I'm older now and my sexual memories have a lot of regret in them because I was a bit in denial and did all sorts of pretty crappy shit thanks to that denial.)
Thanks for the heads up, Ill try to catch myself if I ever do that.

Summary:
Not that I have anything against the complete opposite it's just what I'm attracted to a bit more.
The problem itself lies in me completely losing interest in gay sex the moment I cum.
&gt; The problem itself lies in me completely losing interest in gay sex the moment I cum.
like it's baffling it's so instantaneous.
With gay sex it's like from 100 to complete 0. just nothing.
