Original Response:
[removed]
[removed]
Jeez, where to start.
&gt;Transgender people are notorious for horrific mental health issues

Trans people are more likely to have anxiety and depression as a result of social stigma, yes. Pretty awful to describe those as 'horrific'. (e: they also usually improve as a result of transition, transition itself doesn't cause them) 

&gt; and the hormones destroy their body. 

This is just not true. HRT is safe for most people and is monitored by medical professionals. 

&gt;You can't have kids

Sperm storage is common. 

&gt;and if you do, you will have them with a woman for whom you will feel no attraction any more.

In OP's case, maybe. And that is important. But many of us continue to have great relationships with our trans partners. Please do not try to speak for us. 

OP absolutely needs to do what is right for her and that may mean divorce. But she can be supported in that without spreading misinformation.
[removed]
No-one's giving 8 year olds hormones, can we please put this myth to bed. Older (I believe 12+) kids might be given puberty blockers (which are not hormones). This is to allow them to delay the decision to transition until they are older while delaying the effects of puberty which can be traumatic for trans kids. In other words, it's to AVOID giving hormones at a young age.
[removed]
Again, puberty blockers aren't hormones. 

Allowing a trans kid to go through their natural puberty isn't a neutral option. There's plenty of evidence that it will cause them to suffer. Puberty blockers are the closest thing we have to a neutral option. BTW, they have been used on kids for decades to treat precocious puberty. Not seen any outrage around that.

Edit: this person messaged me to call me disgusting because I apparently want to give children hormones,lol
[removed]
OP clearly said she wants a husband, kids and a life together with her husband. 

Being a champion of social progress is absolutely not that despite how much your sense of social justice gets off to the idea of her staying with him and going through all of these extreme exceptions and variances to her life. 

Trans people *are* notorious for mental health issues. Saying that those issues are solely from social stigma is disingenuous. Everyone is so desperate not to offend anyone on the subject of transgenderism that implying that it is a disorder is met with outrage. Something in OPs husband makes her the way she is. Something in you makes you the way you are. It’s deviant (as in off the norm not ‘bad’). It doesn’t mean OPs husband and you are bad people or can’t be productive in society. It means that something is different. It’s a real shame that transgenderism can’t be studied earnestly. 

This isn’t a, “oh it’s 2018, it’s not that bad” thing.  It is a drastic change and  most importantly a disgusting betrayal of OP. I wish OPs husband all the best in her exciting, new adventure as who she really feels like. But how dare she do this to another person. It’ *is* 2018. It’s far safer to be yourself now than a decade ago, 

What OPs husband did was so, so wrong. You can understand her motives and have empathy with her actions but sympathy should be out. She is a coward,
&gt;OP clearly said she wants a husband, kids and a life together with her husband. 
&gt;
&gt;Being a champion of social progress is absolutely not that despite how much your sense of social justice gets off to the idea of her staying with him and going through all of these extreme exceptions and variances to her life. 

I literally said that divorce may be the right option in the post you're responding to. You're arguing with a bogeyman. 

&gt;Trans people *are* notorious for mental health issues. Saying that those issues are solely from social stigma is disingenuous. 

Actually, it's supported by the research you claim doesn't exist. 

&gt;Everyone is so desperate not to offend anyone on the subject of transgenderism that implying that it is a disorder is met with outrage. 

Major psychiatric associations such as the APA state that being trans isn't a disorder. It's met with outrage not because people are 'trying not to offend' but because it's plain wrong. 

&gt;Something in OPs husband makes her the way she is. Something in you makes you the way you are. It’s deviant (as in off the norm not ‘bad’). It doesn’t mean OPs husband and you are bad people or can’t be productive in society. 

I'm not trans, read my post again.
What do the blockers mess up?

Summary:
Something in OPs husband makes her the way she is.
Trans people *are* notorious for mental health issues.
Something in you makes you the way you are.
&gt;Something in OPs husband makes her the way she is.
It doesn’t mean OPs husband and you are bad people or can’t be productive in society.
&gt;Trans people *are* notorious for mental health issues.
