Original Response:
What? I think they're still testnet. I don't see any official announcement neither on their blog nor twitter. Their website is kinda vague though, nothing says that it runs on testnet, except that their wallet suggestions are "testnet wallets"
We launched on mainnet today. Somebody just spotted it a bit earlier than we expected and made an announcement faster that us :) BTW - we have testnet label on our logo if you will go to testnet version. Maybe we need to make it more clear.

About wallets - we have "mainnet" labels for wallets which are already launched on mainnet, so if you unable to see them then something is gone wrong. It will be really great if you can PM me about this so we will investigate!
Ah I see. Congrats then and all the best :)  

I was referring to the "testnet wallet" parts on the landing page (because the addition "testnet" wasn't making sense to me, if everything else on that page was about mainnet). When you click on the link, it's displayed with a clear distinction, as you said.
Oh, now I see, we will fix it today! Thanks)
The only useful feature would be to buy BTC with fiat that was sent directly to my LN channel or wallet. Why would I want to spend my BTC on shitcoins?
How does a lightning exchange work? do you coordinate submarine swaps somehow? Do you have a stash of crypto that you allow those with lightning channels to buy, and deduct from that balance?
Yep, right now we have a stash of altcoins so we can send to you immediately
Right now our top priority is to make backward exchange - so if you have altcoins you can top up your lightning wallet with them) We thinked about fiat, but it is not our top priority in next few weeks.
Why can I only go from BTC to altcoins on the site?
Our initial intent was to create exchange on which you can try lightning and to exchange really fast, because BTC transactions are slow. So we released it and now we will both talking with people and collecting feedback and work on adding backward exchanges.
How can I top up a BTC LN channel with altcoins than as your UX doesn't show this possible?

&gt;"so if you have altcoins you can top up your lightning wallet with them)"
As I already said we will focus on implementing this in near future, but right now is not possible
ok, so this is truly a premature announcement. Thanks
Yeah , nothing to see here folks. You cannot buy BTC or even load a LN channel with this service . 

Merely a way to exchange your valuable BTC for shitcoins at this time.
Wish it the other way around :P 
i think that feature coming soon...
Yep. Most valuable feature would be fiat to BTC LN channel therefore the exchange can amortize the onchain tx fee , second most valuable is altcoin to BTC LN channel.
Yep, you are right, this is coming soon)
wold love to dump some left over alts I have, and re-load my lightning-wallet.com :-)

Summary:
&gt;"so if you have altcoins you can top up your lightning wallet with them)"
Why can I only go from BTC to altcoins on the site?
How does a lightning exchange work?
