Original Response:
Didn't he "play politics" with the "hijab hoax?" At least the Tories have an actual convict to denounce...
Spot on.
Did that involve leveraging a little girls brutal murder for political ends?  No?  Ok good to know.
Do you really think that demanding someone who kidnapped, help rape and then killed a little child with a hammer to be in prison, not at a healing lodge is "leveraging" for "political ends"?

What about the protest her family is going to bring to Parliament Hill next week? Is that "leveraging a little girls brutal murder for political ends" too?
I don't expect a grieving family to understand the ins and outs of what specific powers a federal government has or does not have.  Goodale has the power to ask for a review, and he has.

I do expect professional politicians to understand, though.. seeing as it's sort of their _job_ to understand.  If the Conservatives don't understand how government works, and what the delimited powers of the federal government are, and are willing to use a child's death for political leverage, how can they be capable of actually governing?
Speaking of a little girl's brutal murder, and playing politics, do you remember when a little girl was brutally murdered by one of Trudeau's refugees, and[Trudeau smirked, laughed, and shrugged when asked about it](https://twitter.com/macleans/status/1041839011185270786/video/1)?
Is this the whole "peoplekind" thing again, where you take something that didn't actually happen and pretend it did?  Are you trying to read facial micro-expressions into some major scandal now?

Let me suggest that people will take your politics a LOT more seriously if you guys stop trying lay every murder or crime committed by a brown person at the feet of the PM.

Were there people going around and asking Harper to answer for catholic church child molestations?  And then saying "oh look at how stonefaced he was, he didn't even cry, he's a monster"?  No?

Maybe you guys should focus less on virtue signalling while standing on top of little girls corpses?  You just make your entire political faction look like a bunch of oblivious jokers.  Do you have anything to say about government that _isn't_ somehow trying to pin child murders on the PM?
Why doesn't Trudeau denounce the justice system for not working properly like he did in the Stanley case?
I felt he should have kept his mouth shut there too.  I can dig up the post (it's long in my history now).. but I called that bullshit out when he did it.  Dude should have kept his mouth shut.  I'm hoping he learned his lesson and is keeping quiet about it.
I felt he should have kept his mouth shut there too.  I can dig up the post (it's long in my history now).. but I called that bullshit out when he did it.  Dude should have kept his mouth shut.  I'm hoping he learned his lesson and is keeping quiet about it.
That's quite the rant, liberally sprinkled with assumptions and accusations. Maybe instead of pointless bickering we can  acknowledge that playing politics when it comes to criminal acts, especially ones involving serious assaults, are bad regardless of which political party engages in it.
[removed]

Summary:
Is that "leveraging a little girls brutal murder for political ends" too?
I felt he should have kept his mouth shut there too.
Dude should have kept his mouth shut.
