Original Response:
Dear Belgian Players.

&amp;#x200B;

The results of our legislation change have finally hit and today, the gemstore is locked for us. You can preview stuff but attempting to buy will result in an "unexpected error".

&amp;#x200B;

Moreover, clicking "Terms of Sales" from that screen will take you to the same error screen, but now in your browser. This is a fully working link to use the gemstore, in your browser. DO NOT SHARE THAT LINK WITH ANYONE. Your personal information is at risk as this works the same as your ingame gemstore and is tied to your account.  


This means anyone following that link can see your personal information (name, last name, e-mail address).  


Here is an example: [https://imgur.com/a/cGhU1Bg](https://imgur.com/a/cGhU1Bg) where my friend from another country used the link and could check my info/buy gems for my account...
&gt; The results of our legislation change have finally hit and today, the gemstore is locked for us.

nope, the results of the legislation is that Anet decided not to bother and locked the gemstore to us.

this is on Anet not bothering to comply to the law, not on belgium for holding companies accountable to laws that have been in place for decades.
No it's not. This is what happens when legislation is enacted. It takes a lot of time that could have been spent towards creating a better product and instead companies have to spend time complying with regulation. This is why large companies love this kind of legislation, it prevents new competitors from entering the market which helps give them a monopoly.

Anet is totally right. If Belgium players want their gem store, then talk to their virtue signaling law makers.
If companies left unchecked, we get health care comparible to the United States. I do love 80$ salted water bags.

Examples can go on with insurance, internet, phones, software development, education and more, all being issues largely left unchecked in the USA while being a non issue in Europe. They are dealt with.

Just maybe, the law makes sense. I welcome this law EU wide.
&gt;This is why large companies love this kind of legislation

I can't even begin to imagine why you think large companies are *pro*-regulation when just about every political act they take is to try to strip regulations away so they can do business more cheaply.

Like this is such an utterly baffling take it's unreal.
Nope,

They could have locked out the specific items. Instead they've decided to punish an entire nation for having the hubris of deciding to protect their citizens from exploitative market forces.
Anet easily could have locked specific items, instead they're brute forcing to try and get people mad.

This is on Anet.
&gt;  It takes a lot of time that could have been spent towards creating a better product

yes, unregulated gambling that any minor can access. truly the pinnacle of great products.
Your reasoning is what keeps the 1% the 1%. We need to smite big companies and reinvigorate smaller business owners. it's Wallmart and McDonalds that is destroying our culture.
Whoa, did I accidentally come across as pro-big corporation? I hope not.

I was just pointing out that the person I was replying to has very much the wrong idea about what those companies think of the regulations he disapproves of.
Is this Ted Cruz’s reddit account or something?
healthcare problems in the U.S are caused by government, not markets. What the hell are you talking about. All of those problems are caused by government
This is probably true. When more countries start to ban lootboxes / consider them gambling, they will likely change it so that players in those countries are unable to purchase lootboxes.
US has a free market for healthinsurances. Nations with stricter regulations got lower costs - and higher life expectancy.
I think he is farming downvotes tbh
Are you kidding? Obamacare + FDA where you pay millions of dollars to create a new drug and testing + drug laws preventing useable drugs from other countries + an insurance industry in bed with the government because of Obamacare. We are not even close to free market healthcare
The US market is still pretty free compared to nations with a single payer system, as, for example, UKs NHS.
When GDPR went live, a lot of smaller websites were forced the block the EU because they lacked the resources to ensure they met the needs of the regulation.

Not saying that's the reasoning here just pointing out that regulations have an actual cost that are much easier for large companies to absorb.
Nope that is exactly my point!
You are the closest to free market healthcare. The only thing more free would be  complete anarchy. It was shit before Obamacare. Your healthcare system is the worst of all western countries because it is so free.

As for lootboxes. They're gambling. Full stop. They need to be regulated by gambling laws. Just like how Uber needs to be regulated by taxi laws.
Large companies have no motivation to make a better product unless it makes them more money. Lootboxes make a fuckton of money by being predatory.
They didn't lack the resources, they just didn't want to spend the resources. Or otherwise feared the PR damage related to people finding out what they do with your data. None of these are smaller websites either.
&gt;Your reasoning is what keeps the 1% the 1%. We need to smite big companies and reinvigorate smaller business owners. it's Wallmart and McDonalds that is destroying our culture.

He didn't say anything pro or con big business, or small business for that matter. I'm happy you're capable of semi-randomly repeating stuff you've read elsewhere on reddit, but you're supposed to form a consistent and coherent opinion / argument.
While everyone is downvoting this guy, nobody is considering that he might actually be right.

Disabling lootboxes removes a significant source of revenue for companies. While it affects everyone relatively equally, the ones that get hammered the hardest are the small companies, it's really basic accounting. 

The reason is because small companies typically always have far greater liabilities and much less equity than that of a large company. (To put into a simple example, where a small company needs to take a loan to develop a new game, a large company might not need to)

How this relates to loot boxes is simply that it's a lost source of revenue. A 5% loss of revenue for a large company has far less impact compared to what it has on a small company. For example to a large company 5% might be the difference between 1Mil and 950k net profit. To a small company 5% might be the difference between breaking even this reporting period vs the next. 5% means more interest lost to paying off loans, it means more profit lost on another game/expansion because it means delayed time between releases due to the increased difficulty of meeting lending criteria. It means increased pressure on a smaller number of staff to account for the lost 5%, resulting in lower quality and poorer performance.

Please dispute me if you think I'm wrong. I'm not asking for you're internet hate, I'm just trying to be considerate of everyone's perspective.
You are not wrong, but not every company is worth too stay alive. When slave labour was banned this, for sure, also caused troubles for some farmers. Same for minimum wages.

No video game company should rely on lootboxes. That's an unhealthy business model. If those companies suffer or go broke its no loss. Other companies with better business models will take over.
&gt; this is on Anet not bothering to comply to the law

You expect changes like that to happen overnight? ANet wants to continue to provide the game in Belgium, which is why the gem store is blocked, not the game. As it stands, Belgium will cost Anet money unless they change their business model. Since the game is still available to you, it stands to reason it is a temporary fix while they sort out the new systems that either let them blacklist items in certain regions, or a new monetization scheme for the entirely globe. By blocking the gem store *Anet is complying with the law. The other option would have them taken to court, and the game eventually made unavailable in Belgium.*
I mean. You're not not wrong either. Lol I actually think that as polarised as people seem, by and large they have a lot of very agreeable points and views, just takes people actually being nice to each other for a change :D

I also kinda think that we underestimate the power of the consumer which is really at the heart of free trade. In the current system the consumer holds all of the power in the buyer relationship. And I can be wrong, but I think that by imposing laws like this one, it restricts the relationship between the buyer and the seller and steals that power away from the consumer to make decisions for themselves.

Also man the slave stuff is a sore thumb. In ancient history slavery was a good thing because it was created as a temporary agreement between 2 people, to free one typically from the burden of debt, imprisonment or death, while also providing provision for the person who took temporary responsibility for the life of a slave. In modern history, certain people and countries perverted this idea, instead of slavery being a protection for the slave, it turned slaves into prisoners and committed them to a life of indefinite servitude. Dude I don't like going into the slave thing, what was happening in America was truly sickening.
You can't just press a button overnight. They'll have to refinagle the store for Belgian customers *only*. Considering it got coded like a Brazilian years ago, they've probably gotta fix up some stuff. Taking the store offline is almost certainly a temporary measure, once they've blocked access to loot box items it'll be back up.
then they could have said so. but they didn't, and that makes the whole thing shady as fuck.
If you want something then buy it. No one is forcing you to buy lootboxes. You don't even need to spend real life money, you can use in game money to buy gems.

Most importantly, they are funding your living world and other development features.
&gt; If you want something then buy it. No one is forcing you to buy lootboxes.

Gambling laws exist to protect people who can't control themselves. This is like telling a smoker he should just quit, an alcoholic to just stop drinking. A depressed person to just 'lighten up'.

&gt; Most importantly, they are funding your living world and other development features.

I'm perfectly content with a monthly fee so you're barking up the wrong tree.
Consumers are humans, with emotions. They can be - and are - manipulated. Gambling is a known weakness (which explains why there are lootboxes at all). Or see tobacco advertisment which tries to sell an "image". Of a tough cowboy. "Smoke, be a tough guy"

Car companies are currently creating some "off road, be in the nature" reputition to sell their ridiculus oversized SUVs. "Outdoor" jackets do the same. For poor people an expensive car is a symbol of "I made it". The irony is: for wealthy people a car is a product, it brings you from A to B. Wealthy people give a shit, more and more don't even own a car and cycle to work. Same as farmers and hunters just laugh about SUVs or (most) of those jackets.

Advertisment can create a demand which wasn't there initially. Companies are manipulating us. Often there are experts as psychologist helping them - or it's just experience. Sweets are advertising with vitamins, toys for kids try to attract kids which then piss of their parents till they give in. See some trailers in the cinema before the main movie starts and you feel like "well, I should look this movie too" - even if this wasn't your intention before you saw the trailer.

Humans are not rational. We are emotional. And therefore it is sometimes important to interfere with buyer/seller relationship. To protect ourselfs from getting manipulated too much.
As example: swiss is debating to increase the width of their roads because of all these oversized cars. That'd cost billions, is from a climate perspective a desaster - and those car companies are for sure not going to pay the bill. Imho such big cars should simply be banned. Same in dense populated cities. You can drive a big car if you want to - but not here. Go on a race track. Instead they are - for example in the street I'm living in - thinking about confiscating the front lawn to turn it into parking space. Just bc some people feel the need to driver oversized cars bc some advertisment manipulated them.
That sounds exactly like a free market to me. The only reason healthcare is inexpensive in my country is because of legislation and government subsidies. 

You can't spend more than roughly $150 on healthcare in a year here. Once you hit that mark you automatically hit cost prevention and any subsequent doctors visits or medicine is free. 

Meanwhile my friend in Massachusetts spent $750 on one visit and got nothing out of it.
&gt; because of legislation and government subsidies.

So people pay higher taxes to subsidize healthcare. AKA, money is being stolen from tax payers to pay for healthcare. How the hell is that the free market
I never said it was free market? Also, "stolen from the tax payers" like, seriously? Everyone pays tax, everyone benefits from it. 

You're a hoot. 😂
More than 50 percent of my income goes towards taxes which includes things like social security and Medicare which by the time I am old enough will either be insolvent or cut drastically. I pay for welfare programs for all the poor and the military industrial complex to keep wars in the US. I would be so much better off if the government spent only half of what it does now
&gt; Obamacare + FDA where you pay millions of dollars to create a new drug and testing

Obamacare reduced the effective costs of healthcare.

&gt; drug laws preventing useable drugs from other countries

Almost every country in the world has it, in the American case it is more to promote their own capitalism. Capitalism in a pure unchecked form rules the country. Look into what the EU believes to be a free market and compare this to the variant the USA has, these distinct differences are important.

&gt; an insurance industry in bed with the government because of Obamacare.

The real crux is privatized insurance combined with privatized health care left unchecked with little to no competition, without citizens protected from this combination you pay the price.

America isn't the only example of this.

&gt; So people pay higher taxes to subsidize healthcare.

You are already paying for it before and after obamacare, you always were.

The difference with a single payer or nation wide enforced health care is the cost is not only spread across everybody, it also makes your entire country a customer to health care.

More customers = cheaper healthcare, maybe you get rid of your 80$ salted water bags and get it down below 1, like the rest of the world.


As much as you want to talk in favor of capitalism and health care left unchecked, USA has proven to be failure.
Considering that most of what you pay goes towards feeding the military I can see why you'd be upset over that. The US government doesn't care much about its people, which I think is obvious given that the social security net isn't functional, neither is the healthcare, or much of the infrastructure, or education. Really, the most functional thing is the military.
That's not true. &gt; 60% of the budget goes towards social security, medicare and medicaid and other welfare programs. The military gets 16. [This is from 2015](https://media.nationalpriorities.org/uploads/total_spending_pie%2C__2015_enacted.png) but gets the point across.
&gt; Obamacare reduced the effective costs of healthcare.

Premiums for families have increased for a majority, a lot by &gt; 50% or more.

&gt;The real crux is privatized insurance combined with privatized health care left unchecked with little to no competition, without citizens protected from this combination you pay the price.

The only way there can be no competition is if government makes it so. If government creates to many laws and regulations, then government creates the monopoly.

&gt;More customers = cheaper healthcare, maybe you get rid of your 80$ salted water bags and get it down below 1, like the rest of the world.

There is no incentive for customers to take care of themselves or only get treatments they need. All places that have healthcare like this ration their services. Canada has wait times of &gt; 2 months for things like cat scans and the NHS in britain is starting to prevent overweight people from visiting hospitals.

You are obviously a teenager who has no real understanding of how the world works. These things sound great but they won't happen. The only reason you can use a computer, the internet, reddit, etc is from capitalism. Capitalism in the early 20th century created the greatest rise in standard of living in the history of the world. Even today, the most poverty stricken areas of the world are escaping poverty from capitalism. Socialism has killed 100's of millions of people in the 20th century. For you to advocate for such things either makes you uninformed / ignorant or incredibly stupid
&gt; Premiums for families have increased for a majority, a lot by &gt; 50% or more.

I said it lowered the effective cost of health care, I didn't talk about premiums. That's saying "we have to pay more taxes as more hospitals declared costs", which would have the same effect, you just wouldn't know about it.

This is not hard to get.

&gt; The only way there can be no competition is if government makes it so. If government creates to many laws and regulations, then government creates the monopoly.

Monopolies are naturally created through capitalism, I have given enough examples in my original reply. The 'free market' in the USA compared to EU enforces this even more (fundemental difference in what a free market is, singular information flow comapred to a required bi-directional information flow).

How is the internet / phone service over there? Broken up, few years later, same issues. Monopolies. It only took a few years to get to the exact same toxic state. If a new player wants entry, lets say Google, it isn't the goverment intervening, it is capitalism being able to bribe their way further.

Capitalism is founded on greed, greed finds a way into the goverment.

This doesn't make capitalism bad (you americans love black and white...), this means there are drawbacks behind a natural driving force. Greed is good as a driving force, but it requires checks.

&gt; There is no incentive for customers to take care of themselves or only get treatments they need. All places that have healthcare like this ration their services.

Yes there is, this is a very delusional and close minded way to look at health care. Case in point, the far majority of european countries.

&gt; Canada has wait times of &gt; 2 months for things like cat scans and the NHS in britain is starting to prevent overweight people from visiting hospitals.

Ow noo, people are making use of health care, shame on them! Nothing wrong with wait lists, as long as they are kept in check. It means machines are used cost effectively, a good thing.

&gt; Socialism has killed 100's of millions of people in the 20th century.

Religion killed more than anything in history, 78% of Americans are christians. This information is completely useless, just as the quote above.

Look up what this term actually means, socialism co-exists with capitalism just fine, in fact they empower each other. This is again a very american, black and white view of the word, which isn't used in any western country for decades.

By nature an american will shy away from this word, or look at it as 'baaaad', while Europeans are fine with it, as they might actually understand the meaning behind it. Every western european country has a socialist nature, we also have less poverty, universal health care and some countries even have universal basic income. I must be terrified right now, we gonna kill each other any minute now!

Try to find a middle line in your views. It isn't gun control = bad or = good. Capitalism = good = bad, more often than not when 2 persons are telling their story, the truth is in the middle.

&gt; You are obviously a teenager who has no real understanding of how the world works.
&gt; For you to advocate for such things either makes you uninformed / ignorant or incredibly stupid

Leave these silly insults at home, 80$ salted water bags, keep it going bud.
The big problem with free market health care is that health has infinite value. So any price is "fair".

Summary:
&gt; The only way there can be no competition is if government makes it so.
The only way there can be no competition is if government makes it so.
They need to be regulated by gambling laws.
&gt; because of legislation and government subsidies.
You are the closest to free market healthcare.
We are not even close to free market healthcare.
&gt; Obamacare reduced the effective costs of healthcare.
healthcare problems in the U.S are caused by government, not markets.
&gt; If you want something then buy it.
&gt; So people pay higher taxes to subsidize healthcare.
If government creates to many laws and regulations, then government creates the monopoly.
You're not not wrong either.
You can drive a big car if you want to - but not here.
The only reason healthcare is inexpensive in my country is because of legislation and government subsidies.
That sounds exactly like a free market to me.
So people pay higher taxes to subsidize healthcare.
I never said it was free market?
&gt; There is no incentive for customers to take care of themselves or only get treatments they need.
US has a free market for healthinsurances.
&gt; this is on Anet not bothering to comply to the law

You expect changes like that to happen overnight?
No one is forcing you to buy lootboxes.
If companies left unchecked, we get health care comparible to the United States.
&gt; The results of our legislation change have finally hit and today, the gemstore is locked for us.
If you want something then buy it.
