Original Response:
I’m sorry if this is incoherent and/or poorly formatted. 

A little background: I am disabled. I have a genetic connective tissue disorder. I use a wheelchair or walker wherever I go because my joints spontaneously dislocate. I can’t drive. It’s extremely hard for me to do simple tasks like brush my hair or take a shower without needing help. I met my now ex-boyfriend when I was pretty much able-bodied. He stuck with me through my steep decline of health and for that I am forever grateful. Even with my chronic pain, he made me so happy. I miss him so much already, and now he won’t talk to me at all. 

We broke up over something really stupid. He had been lying to me for months, and when I found out about it, I had an episode of psychosis because my physical and emotional pain was too much of a sensory overload for me to handle (I have appointments with mental health professionals; this is not the point of the post). I never got the chance to explain to him about what happened that night. He broke up with me via a text that I am certain he didn’t write. It didn’t include his typos that he always made, and the formatting appeared copy-and-pasted. It was cold and callous, two things he had never been to me.

He always took care of me. He made sure I was fed when I couldn’t get up, helped me get out of the house, took me to doctor’s appointments, bought me a fancy mattress when my spine started to crumble, listened for me when I took a bath (I have an autonomic disorder that can make me faint suddenly), and he gave me a glimpse of what it was like to be normal again. 

During the course of our relationship, I slowly lost the physical ability to do anything that made me happy anymore. My hands have arthritis and my fingers dislocate so I can’t write or play my instruments any longer. I can’t even read a lot of the time because after a particularly bad hemiplegic cluster headache, my vision has worsened. 

What can I do? My family can’t afford a caregiver. My dad is very stressed out because my mother has the same conditions and is (debatably) worse off than I am, and he ends up yelling at me or degrading me when I ask for something a lot of the time. 

My ex may have lost his first love, but I lost the love of my life and my life in general. I do realize that having a significant other with a disability is not ideal, but he told me many times that he loved me above it all. Do you think there’s anything I can do to get him to talk to me again, even platonically? He’s also the best friend I’ve ever had. Any suggestions are welcome. 

TLDR; I am disabled (with physical limitations) and my boyfriend who took care of me broke up with me yesterday. I don’t know how to live with this disability without him because I never had to. How do I carry on physically and emotionally?
I’m so sorry that you’re going through this - - you’ve been dealt a bad hand and I can’t imagine how difficult it is to deal with. 

That being said....

I hope this doesn’t come across as overly harsh, but it sounds to me like you’re more distressed about losing your caretaker than your life partner. You do briefly mention that he’s your best friend, but only after extensively talking about all the things he can no longer help you with. 

I’m not saying that’s not traumatic, and that it isn’t something to be upset about. But try to imagine things from your ex’s perspective. If he was starting to feel like he was losing himself in caring for you, on top of feeling like he was more of a caretaker than partner, he might have needed to walk away for himself. 

I think you need to give him space. Let him come to you if he’s going to. Just be aware that he may not. You have a lot on your plate that you need to deal with right now. Focus on getting your situation squared away logistically so that if he ever wants to be part of your life again, he won’t feel what has got to be an overwhelming obligation to take care of you. That will also put you in a position to know that he’s part of your life because he wants to be, and not because he feels like he has to be. 

I hope that things work out for the best.
Thank you for your reply. I made many drafts of this post (many of which were very emotional), and I chose this one to see if anyone could relate or had any suggestions about how to manage the chronic pain part too. I wrote him a personal letter about how much I care for him, but I felt like that was only for his eyes. He told me that he didn’t feel like it was a caregiver/patient relationship, and when I mentioned it previously, he actually got upset at me for a few days. I understand what you’re saying though and will work on being more independent.
&gt; He told me that he didn’t feel like it was a caregiver/patient relationship, and when I mentioned it previously, he actually got upset at me for a few days. 

I wonder if that’s because he actually *did* feel like that, and was in denial?

I definitely don’t want to come across as harsh or victim-blaming here, just trying to guess at his viewpoint.

But if he was spending significant time and energy from his life to take care of you, being responded to with an episode of psychosis (even if it was out of your control) may have been the tipping point.

Like others said, this post *strongly* comes across as regret at losing your caregiver more than losing your SO. Almost all your descriptions of your relationship are about how he physically assisted you, or otherwise made *you* happy.

I truly wish you the best, and hope that you’re able to find the care you need. But when it comes to your ex, it’s time to let him go, and accept that chapter of your life is over. Mourn the relationship, but start figuring out your life without him, rather than fixating on how much easier things would be if he came back.
As I said before, I didn’t want to talk about the emotions a lot because I felt that it was too personal of a thing to put out on the internet. People will recognize my account name, and I don’t want to ruin his life any further (which is why I didn’t go into the details of why we broke up). I’ve written many things to him directly about our love. I don’t feel like it’s necessary to prove that I love him to a bunch of strangers. I wasn’t using him; this is just how our break up will affect me in the long run, and I have to think about these things whether I like it or not. I don’t miss him because I want to be waited on hand and foot. I miss him because he was my best friend, and I deeply loved him. Maybe I should’ve put this under “personal issues”? This is my first post ever, so I’m not sure how it all works exactly.
My mum cared for her mother and the toll it took was immense. She's never to this day said how hard it was or anything, and acts like it was nbd. Caring for a family member/partner is so, so difficult and when these carers leave (for their own wellbeing or whatever) people tend to demonise them. My mum only ever took Sundays off, and she completely gave her life to caring. Nobody really makes sure the carers are ok.
In your post it's a lot of what he did for you, yet you don't say anything you did for him. Contact your local authorities for advice RE your disability.
It sounds like he was willing to at least try to be a in a relationship where he was a caregiver, but the psychosis was too much for him.  There is nothing wrong with his choice.  He can choose whether he's willing to sign up for that for life.

It does suck for you, of course.  It is reasonable for someone to come to the conclusion that they can handle a mate with a physical disability but can't handle a mate with a severe mental illness.  It's his life and it's good for him to recognize his own strengths and limitations.
He knew I was mentally ill, but you’re right. He’ll have a better shot at happiness without me. I’m happy for him. I’m just missing him too.
That's very reasonable.  You didn't ask for any of this.  Hopefully part of your mental health treatment will be coming to terms with all of this.  I'm sorry.  You're so young to have to be going through so much.
Thank you. My cardiologist regularly calls me a “calamity” and a “complete mess” for my age. I hope I can deal with all of this in a healthy way.
My post isn’t about how much I love him and everything I did for him. It’s not about what went wrong. I’ve accepted that he doesn’t want to be with me anymore at this point, and I don’t blame him. I don’t need someone to drive home a point that’s already known and currently irrelevant. The post is about taking steps to move on. I’m sorry if that wasn’t clear. It was stupid of me to ask if there was anything I can do to get him to talk to me, because if he wanted to talk, he would. I understand that.
If I may be so bold as to ask, are you describing EDS? I'm afraid at the moment I have no advice, but I am chronically ill/disabled. I have 5 or 6 chronic pain conditions, as well as Epilepsy. Really  I just want to send you a huuuuge internet hug. Also, my inbox is always open if you feel the need to talk to somebody in a similar situation, because I know how painful all of this stuff is (not just the illness itself, but it's impact on your life, social fallouts, etc.) Really, my inbox is open for you ❤
I do have EDS and POTS (and a billion other things). Thank you for being so sweet. Everybody is assuming that they know the whole story, when they only know a piece of it. It’s also very hard to read things from strangers that I’ve told myself over and over like how I’m a burden to everyone around me. It just makes it more true for some reason.
You're not a burden. Do not listen to that one person. You are a whole human being, worth just the same as anyone else, deserving of love and care like anyone else. Do not feel guilty for things beyond your control.
Thank you. I needed that. 🙂
I am so sorry, one of my best friends has EDS (sounds like its possibly the same subtype you have) and I see how much her illness affects her everyday life. I'm familiar with POTS as well, it sounds like hell. I have...some sort of pain syndrome that has yet to be diagnosed,  everything from fibromyalgia to EDS (or a different connective tissue disorder) has been suggested and deemed likely. And like you said, about a billion other things. So, I know what it's like to have to separate and process all of those thoughts, and the "I'm a burden" conclusion was always where I would end up. But, it was never true for me, and it's not true for you. Do not let the opinions of others (In this case, opinions that are assumptions drawn from minimal knowledge of the event and surrounding circumstances) influence how you feel about yourself. It took me years, but I think I'm finally approaching that point. Remind yourself how strong you are, and how much you have to fight. Remind yourself of your own value, because you deserve it. And, I completely understand why you listed off the things that your boyfriend did for you and why you miss them. I don't believe you're missing him because he was a caretaker. When a breakup occurs, it's perfectly natural to be reminded of the tender, safe, loving moments. And when you're chronically ill, that changes from roses and jewelry to...help with bathing, or being brought food when you haven't eaten in 2 days. If my boyfriend brushes my hair out for me when I'm in too much pain to do it myself, or prepares a snack for me so I can take my medications, it essentially fulfills the same emotional need as say, a kiss on the head, a hug, etc. Because really, it ends up signifying the same thing. That you're loved, and that love is being expressed in some kind of measurable fashion. It just so happens that in your relationship the dynamic and circumstances were such that "caretaking actions" were probably a large part of how affection was shown. And it is totally normal to miss that, and to be jarred by it's absence. It's a very lonely feeling, and I'm sorry you're in such a forlorn place.
Thank you so much. I’m so sorry you have to deal with things like I do. I feel like you truly understand how I meant this post to come across. I didn’t mean for it to seem like I was using him, because I wasn’t. Just like every relationship, it was a give and take. Maybe it’s hard for people who haven’t been in this situation to understand that disabled people are more than just their disability. We aren’t leeches; we’re people with feelings too. All of my time with him wasn’t him doing things for me. We had a deep connection, and we made each other laugh every day. We had fun. I think things are just too hard for him right now, and both he and I need to get sorted as individuals. Thank you for being so understanding. 🙂
I completely empathize with everything you've said. I do think it's harder for able-bodied people to understand, because when you reach a certain level of illness, you essentially exist in a different world than everybody you're surrounded by. That on it's own is a whole can of worms in and of itself. As for your ex, I would give him space. Let him find some clarity, and if one day he decides to contact you, cross that bridge when you come to it. In the meantime, (Especially tonight) focus on self care, mentally and physically. I won't be on my phone much more tonight, but please feel free to inbox me if you feel like you need to talk to someone more in depth. I wish you best of luck in everything you do going forward. ❤
I'm really sorry for your pain and heartbreak.  You really are in a shit situation at home.  So, your boyfriend broke up with you just yesterday.  Are you able to wait a few days then try to contact him? And put no pressure on him to try and win him back, but say you just want to apologize for your reaction (the blowup you described) and would like some closure and just understand a few things better. You were together for several years and ending it in such a curt, crass manner does not honor what you had and the respect and care I imagine you both still share.

It sounds like until you get a chance to find out why he left and who is truly behind that breakup email, you won't get the answers you need.

Also, have you exhausted all possibilities for whatever aid is offered for persons with disabilities in your country? If you live in the US, I know that the medical help is minimal at best.  

I would ignore anyone insinuating that you were somehow using him or that you only saw him as a caretaker.  I also have a major chronic pain issue and saw what it did to my marriage (although I have much more mobility than you, I'm in too much pain to do much of anything).  But as I said, until you have a calm, honest discussion with him, you won't know his reasoning.

And if he refuses to talk about why he wants out? Well, that's pretty heartless. It might be that he needs time to decompress from this blowup argument. Just how bad was it, because if you yelled at him or said certain things, then it would make sense why he would respond in the manner he did.
I'm also getting annoying at some of the people saying "but you aren't telling us what you did for him!" Well of course not! Nobody can describe their entire relationship in a Reddit post.  You gave out the details of the relationship that you valued and that reflected how close you two were.  People can be very quick to jump to unfair conclusions and those can hurt.  

You are not a burden. I know you feel otherwise.  You are suffering and are so young and its so unfair. Everyone else gets to go play, get an education, go out, have fun, but you can barely take a shower or eat a meal or run an errand without a bunch of planning, help and pain.  I imagine you are exhausted from it all.

Chronic pain and illness, especially for a young person, is very isolating.  I'm so sorry you were dealt such a bad hand. You deserve to be loved, you are loved and there will come a time when you won't feel as bad as you currently feel. Regarding your home situation, is there any way you could move into a different type of assisted living home? Not some depressing large place where everyone is elderly, but one for younger people?  I know they are not easy to find, but maybe getting away from the tension at home, the stress your dad is under (understandable if he's been your mom's sole caretaker for all this time) would help you.
Before my own spine decided to fall apart,  I dated a guy paralyzed from mid-chest down for about a year.  He was pretty mobile as he "lucked out" and overall had good health for someone with paralysis.  But I saw how the world treated him, and he was a very cute, outgoing guy with a fun personality.  I had strangers come up to me and say how "nice I was" to date him, as if I was with him out of pity or I was doing him a favor. No! I was with him because I was crazy about him, and he was fun and made me feel incredible.  (He is now married very happily to a lovely woman.)

The outside world can be really stupid when they see a disabled person.  So when you do meet someone with whom you connect deeply, especially when its a romantic attachment, it hurts all the more to lose that.

Summary:
I’m so sorry you have to deal with things like I do.
I know you feel otherwise.
I hope that things work out for the best.
And like you said, about a billion other things.
I’m just missing him too.
He always took care of me.
Thank you for being so understanding.
I think you need to give him space.
I imagine you are exhausted from it all.
I miss him so much already, and now he won’t talk to me at all.
You're so young to have to be going through so much.
I do have EDS and POTS (and a billion other things).
Even with my chronic pain, he made me so happy.
And, I completely understand why you listed off the things that your boyfriend did for you and why you miss them.
He told me that he didn’t feel like it was a caregiver/patient relationship, and when I mentioned it previously, he actually got upset at me for a few days.
You are not a burden.
Let him come to you if he’s going to.
I truly wish you the best, and hope that you’re able to find the care you need.
He knew I was mentally ill, but you’re right.
I'm really sorry for your pain and heartbreak.
