Original Response:
Hello Reddit!!! I am a Wyoming rancher and creator of the YouTube Channel OUR WYOMING LIFE, back again for another AMA after over a year on the ranch and growing our YouTube Channel to almost 50K subscribers.  With me is my wife Erin.  She is a ranch wife, mom, market farmer and she also helps run our local farmers market.  She is also a local food advocate.

[https://www.youtube.com/c/ourwyominglife](https://www.youtube.com/c/ourwyominglife)

&amp;#x200B;

Proof:  r/[https://twitter.com/OurWyomingLife/status/1043843921640660993](https://twitter.com/OurWyomingLife/status/1043843921640660993)

&amp;#x200B;

Thank you everyone for a wonderful day of AMA. We are now done after 13 hours of answering questions. Thank you to all our new subscribers, we look forward to getting to know you and thanks to all the folks at IAMA for allowing this to happen.
Ever seen Brokeback Mountain?

edit....wow an AMA with downvoting a question! well done
I never have, although I am sure my wife has :)
[deleted]
why?  It's an Academy award winning movie about ranchers
[deleted]
""Brokeback Mountain: Academy Award for Best Director, Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay".....so the real question is why you would think it was rude?  Is talking about homosexuality rude?  Your comment says a lot about you
That makes no sense
An AMA with downvoting a *stupid* question.
how so?
Me saying your comment is rude equates to me being homophobic apparently. You're really just grasping at straws and making yourself look pathetic by saying that.
ok   how is it rude?
Is it a dairy ranch? If so, what do you do with the baby cows after the mother gives birth?
We do not raise diary cattle, ours is strickly beef cattle. Thank you
Female calves are kept, male calves are sold to a processing facility. But you need a bull for your dairy cows, they don't just give birth magically ;)
You may be implying this, but just to add clarification, extra male calves are not slaughtered at birth (they would be all bone and ligaments). They are generally used for veal (grown to approximately 6 months) though I know several ranchers who pick up calves and raise them as regular steers (to approximately 18 months). They are just less efficient and have worse growth and conversion rates than traditional beef steers. Still other operations cross their dairy cows with a beef bull (such as angus) to create a better regular beef steer. All and all, their lives are fairly similar to beef steers, though shorter. Edit: just wanted to add my reason for clarifying. I feel like there is a common misconception that the babies are taken from their mothers and immediately thrown into a cauldron or something. Nothing against your comment, I just like to add more information where I can!
Yes, thank you! I should've been more clear about what happens to males. The general idea is that they are treated as beef cattle, like you said
Don't *need* a bull either. Plenty of dairy operations are 100% artificial insemination.
No problem! Exactly! I didn't want to come off as correcting you, just adding to it. (:
I mean... you needed a bull somewhere along the line. But. Yes, most operate through AI.
How's it feel to kill things for a living? You fine with that?
Hahaha lol get over yourself.
How does it feel to make designs on people's lattes for a living? You fine with that?
That's what feminist cows say at least.
haha fun! stereotypes are the peak of comedy
This is kind of a mean response. Nothing wrong with being vegetarian, everyone should be tbh 

Also I would be curious how it would feel to raise things to kill, it is a valid question 

Also nothing wrong with being a barista, I think it would be a really fun job. My girlfriend loved doing it. Maybe it's just bc I live in the PNW
I mean unless you eat nothing that grows, we're ALL killing something for a living. Just because I kill cattle and someone else kills spinach doesn't mean I'm a bad person.
I’m a dairy farmer.  We raise our calves.  We feed them milk 3x a day for a month and 2x a day for two months after that.  The males will be beef steers when they are nearly two years old (remember a chicken is butchered at 2 months old) and the females will give birth around two years old and join our milking herd.  Most of our beef is sold direct to customers who come to the farm and buy it.  
Calves are a very valuable asset to a farm.  Calf raising for best health outcomes is my speciality.  I not only raise our calves but I used to raise them for another dairy farm as a paid side gig.  Don’t believe sources that tell you otherwise about our calf care.
What if I told you that it’s possible to be a vegetarian without being an ass to ranchers and non-vegetarians?
Then I'd say no one's denying that. 

But, really, vegetarians do kind of deserve to be an ass to people who eat meat. It is kind of horrible we still do. I'm eating less and less every week.
It is not terrible at all.  You are wrong
lol what? How
&gt; Maybe it's just bc I live in the PNW

Imagine my surprise.
&gt; vegetarians do kind of deserve to be an ass to people

No.  No they do not.  Take a step back and read what you're writing FFS.
Oh honey.
What's the surprise?
Yeah they kinda do lol, they're definitely on the right side of history here
Exactly nothing.  None of this is surprising.
No really.  Take a step back and figure out what you're arguing for.  I really want you to do this.  Take a literal step back if you have to.  If you come back and still think you *deserve* to be a dick to other people, especially over their fucking *dietary choices*, then you are what is wrong with the world.  

Also:

&gt; they're definitely on the right side of history here

Oh for chrissakes.  Stop arguing with memes.  History doesn't care, and history doesn't judge.  There is no "right side", there's only those who survive to call it "history" and whether or not the event is remembered at all.  Just fucking stop with that nonsense.
?
Dude, calm down. All I'm saying is it is morally wrong to eat other living beings, I don't think that's really all that controversial. Wouldn't it be best for the world if nobody ate meat? It's a moral failing of us to continue to eat meat when we don't need to, I don't think that's really arguable. 

I'm not arguing with memes, and you're being purposely obtuse. There is such a thing as a right side, lol. For example, Hitler was a bad egg! In the same way the union is on the right side of history (which I hope you agree with), vegetarians will be, too. Is this really that hard to understand?

Look, I eat meat the same as 90% of us, but at least I'm not too defensive to admit it's wrong of me.
He doesn't.  He sells living things to other people for a living.
&gt;Dude, calm down. 

I am calm.  I'm just trying to keep my eyes from rolling so hard they roll straight out of my head.

&gt;All I'm saying is it is morally wrong to eat other living beings, 

No it's not.  That's how nature works.  You're saying all predators, living beings themselves, are morally wrong.  You're even judging some plants by your personal morality here.  Morality is not universal.  Don't believe me?  Let's ask the Mongols about your morality.  Or maybe the Native Americans?  How about we poll the people of Iran on how moral you are?

&gt; I don't think that's really all that controversial.

And you're 100% wrong on that subject.  Ask a cattle rancher, or a fisherman, or your average attendee of a rib cookoff.  There's plenty of controversy to your assertion.

&gt; Wouldn't it be best for the world if nobody ate meat?

I'm not sure how much difference it would make, but I don't think so, no.

&gt;It's a moral failing of us to continue to eat meat when we don't need to, I don't think that's really arguable. 

See statements above about morality and controversy.  There's plenty to argue against the supposed inherent immorality of eating meat.

Just because you think you're right, doesn't mean you are.  What's more, is even if it's right *for you* that doesn't make it right for somebody else.  I have relatives who have convinced themselves they have a gluten intolerance (no they don't have a diagnosis), so they don't eat gluten.  I think it's dumb, but whatever.  It's right for them.  It ain't right for me, so I continue to put plenty of gluten down my gullet.  If vegetarianism is right for you, more power to you dude.  Lording it over other people as if you're some righteous arbiter of morality and us plebs who eat meat - which is natural for humans - just makes you an asshole.  It still doesn't make you right.

&gt;I'm not arguing with memes,

The phrase "right side of history" is a meme at this point.  Further, it is not now, nor was it ever, a valid argument.  It presumes your own correctness, it doesn't prove it.  That's not how argument and debate works.  You don't just get to claim victory and suddenly everybody goes "oh, well, I guess I agree with him now".  It's ridiculous on it's face.

&gt; you're being purposely obtuse

K.  Keep thinkin' that. 

&gt;Hitler, Union, yada yada.

And what do you think the opinion on the morality of those people would had the other side won the conflict?  Again I say, there is no "right side" to history.  There is only the side that survives.  And they're the ones that get to write about it and pass down their opinion to future generations.  I do agree that Hitler was fucking evil and the Confederacy was wrong (I'll throw in slavery is fucking evil to boot).  We have the advantage of the good guys won (in our - will wonders never cease - shared opinion).  If Hitler or the Confederacy had won, and *they* wrote the histories, and *they* shaped the opinion of generations to come?  Well might'n't those opinions be somewhat different than ours?  Your stance assumes that life must work out for the best (as defined by... you, I guess) and there is no other alternative.  That history and the victory of "good" is inevitable.  It's a rosy view, but wholly naive.  

&gt;vegetarians will be, too.

Undetermined.

&gt; Is this really that hard to understand?

I don't lack understanding.  You do.  I know what you're saying, perhaps more than you do.  Which is why I told you take a step back for a minute.  Because this:

&gt;All I'm saying is it is morally wrong to eat other living beings

Is literally not all that you're saying.  Did you forget this part?:

&gt; vegetarians do kind of deserve to be an ass to people

You aren't just saying people *should* be vegetarian, you are making a moral judgement against them, and calling for people to be shitty to each other based on how they decide about the topic.  How shitty is your limit for shittiness, by the way?  Since vegetarians *deserve* to be shitty to non vegetarians... at what point do you say "no, that's too shitty"?  When do vegetarians stop *deserving* to be horrible people?

And people wonder why the right consider the left to be out of touch, condescending, and elitist pricks?  You.  You're why.  You are as bad as any idiot conservative that eats Breitbart and Facebook posts that lie about how awesome Trump is for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  You are as bad as any Christian that makes a "non-controversial" (to them) morality judgement about gay people.  You are so convinced of your own superiority, that anything that disagrees with you is downright laughable to you at best, or worse, as in this case, something to be attacked, shunned, and destroyed.

&gt;I eat meat the same as 90% of us, but at least I'm not too defensive to admit it's wrong of me. 

And you don't even have the courage of your own convictions.

Once again, imagine my surprise.
I’m going to eat 2 burgers tommorow instead of one just for you. Keep enjoying the smell of your own farts though.
I don't care
Okay, what? There's not a single thought in your head that says "hey, maybe killing other animals is a little wrong of us to do when we can easily get food elsewhere"? You can't admit that the world would be better if no one ate meat? What about all the methane production, the amount of land and water cows take up, the horrible effects red meat has on our bodies? Dude have you seen footage of a slaughterhouse? Is that not fucked up to you? You can look at cows in cages and think "ah, this is nature! Mass-slaughtering veal calves is just like hunting deer in the wild!" 

Where's the line here? I'm sure there's some line for you. If I killed my pigs by crucifying them first, you'd probably have a problem with that, right? So if you think some aspects of meat production is wrong - ie, animals have feelings and we shouldn't harm them when we don't need to - why can't that be extended a little? Why is it so radical to say the whole system of killing animals is wrong? Doesn't causing harm to another being seem selfish and immoral to you? I mean could you honestly look a cow or pig or goat in the eye as you slaughter it and not feel a single thing? If you think you would feel something, then why are you disagreeing with me so strongly?
Might go for 3.
*There's not a single thought in your head that says "hey, maybe killing other animals is a little wrong of us to do when we can easily get food elsewhere"*

No, this has never been a thought of mine. Ever. 

*You can't admit that the world would be better if no one ate meat?*

Nope. A world without meat is one not worth living in. Meat is wonderful. 

*What about all the methane production, the amount of land and water cows take up* 

I don’t care. Like at all. Not even a little bit. 

*The horrible effects red meat has on our bodies?*

Meat is good for you it is the quantity you eat that matters like anything. Humans are meat eaters. 

*Dude have you seen footage of a slaughterhouse? Is that not fucked up to you?*

Seen it. Don’t give a shit. Animals need to die so I can enjoy my dinner. Frankly the efficiency is impresssive. 

 *You can look at cows in cages and think "ah, this is nature! Mass-slaughtering veal calves is just like hunting deer in the wild!"*

Again, don’t give a fuck about the plight of baby cows. Also veal is delicious. 

*Where's the line here? I'm sure there's some line for you. If I killed my pigs by crucifying them first, you'd probably have a problem with that, right?*

No. Not really. But it would mean you’re a little fucked up. Animals need to die so I can eat them. Doesn’t mean they need to be subjected to more suffering then nessesary. Nessesary meaning as quick and cost-effective as resonable. 

*So if you think some aspects of meat production is wrong*

I don’t. At all. 

*I mean could you honestly look a cow or pig or goat in the eye as you slaughter it and not feel a single thing?*

Yep. They are food. But beyond that just bc you want the burger doesn’t mean you want to meet (lol) the cow. Humans have great ways of compartmentalizing which really helps people who may have answered yes to some of you questions still eat meat without any conflict. 

Just wanted you to understand many, many, many people don’t share your concerns in the least. In fact most people outside of your angsty teen bubble don’t give a fuck. We’re not uninformed. We just love meat and feel no guilt in animals dyeing for us to enjoy it.
&gt; There's not a single thought in your head that says "hey, maybe killing other animals is a little wrong of us to do when we can easily get food elsewhere"?

No.

&gt;You can't admit that the world would be better if no one ate meat?

I don't think that, so there's no admission to make.

&gt; What about all the [environmental impacts], [health impacts], and [inhumane conditions].  Where's the line here? I'm sure there's some line for you.

Yes, there's a line.  I'm not saying there isn't better ways to do it, I'm not saying people wouldn't be better off eating less red meat.  I'm saying there's no reason to exclude meat entirely.  And as for the humane treatment, I'm definitely against the inhumane conditions you describe.  This is not the only way meat gets to your table, however.  OP is a great example of humane treatment (it appears, I don't know him and can't prove that statement beyond what he shows in his videos).  

&gt;So if you think some aspects of meat production is wrong why can't that be extended a little?

Because saying a part is wrong (or more accurately, the method some people use) is different from saying the activity itself is wrong.  For instance, I think protest is a healthy and necessary political activity.  People who assault others in protest are wrong, however.  (e.g., pro-lifers who bomb abortion clinics, or antifa members cold-clocking white supremacists, or that asshole who drove his car into a crowd and killed a woman in Charlottesville)  But just because those assholes are doing it wrong doesn't mean we should ban protest altogether.  Similarly, people who inhumanely keep and slaughter animals are wrong.  This does not mean we should wholesale stop keeping and slaughtering animals for food.

&gt;Dude have you seen footage of a slaughterhouse? Is that not fucked up to you?

Depends on the slaughterhouse.  Are you only seeing footage given to you by PETA?  Because that shit is propaganda and does not accurately reflect the industry as a whole.  

&gt;Why is it so radical to say the whole system of killing animals is wrong? 

Because the whole of the animal kingdom (as in the the scientific classification Kingdom Animalia) is built on consuming other organisms.  Many consume plants, some consume other animals, and still others consume both.  We fall in that third category.  It is how we have evolved and I don't see any reason to fight nature on this.  Can animals be treated more humanely?  Sure.  But there's no reason to throw the baby out with the bathwater.

&gt; Doesn't causing harm to another being seem selfish and immoral to you? 

No.  If it did I would starve to death in a hole.  Granted, I don't feel that way about all creatures, I have a hierarchy.  Where a given animal falls on the harm-not harm hierarchy depends on how whether they are food or a threat.  

&gt; I mean could you honestly look a cow or pig or goat in the eye as you slaughter it and not feel a single thing?

Considering I've personally killed woodland creatures for my own pleasure and later consumption, yeah, I don't think I'd have a problem with it.

BTW - don't think I don't notice how hard you're trying to avoid the part of your comments advocating for treating people like shit who disagree with a dietary choice.  I'd have said "your dietary choice", but as noted before, you don't even subscribe to your own belief system.
Haha alright man, I can respect that you have something that clearly makes you really happy. Enjoy!
Alright man, if we can't agree on the basics here there's not much point in arguing. It just seems wrong to me that we're killing other beings that have emotions and thoughts and nerves because we don't want to learn to cook with beans or whatever. Killing out of laziness just seems dumb.

I don't know, maybe I just don't think humans are all that important. I guess I have more of a "we're all in this together" attitude towards life, and you have more of a "human is king" stance. I'm just a man, who am I to decide what animals deserve to die? 

That being said, I just bought 20 giant frozen sausages because they were on clearance, and I'm definitely going to enjoy them, so who am I to judge.

But, yeah, I still stick with my original belief. You clearly disagree, and that's fine, I obviously don't have much skin in the game here, but vegetarians and vegans are almost objectively living a more ethical life than I am, and they frankly deserve to look down on you and I. No, I don't think we should be murdered by them, but from a purely mathematical standpoint they come out on top. They *kind of* deserve to *lightly* shame us on this.

Even when I eventually go vegetarian, I'm not going to shame people for eating meat. But I think as a society we're going to evolve and progress and eventually be horrified by the fact we killed animals to eat them.
Have you had any notable experiences with big wild life (bears, wolves, etc)?
I have come across bears, coyotes, wolves, that sort of thing but most will run. The most notable might have been a badger that took on our dog. Both came out alive but it was a fight!  Thank you
I hope both came out a little wiser and have decided to leave the other alone.
Do you say Ky-yo-tea?

Or Ky-yote?

Just curious for some dumb reason.
Yes I hope so too!
After living in Wyoming for 8 years I read that as KAI-YOTES because i knew a person from Wyoming typed it
Kai-oat
Badger will literally fight anything. Fighting *is* badger. Badger doesn't understand this statement
Sounds great, but usually wishful thinking. Ask the owner of a dog who has taken on a porcupine. They don't learn. If they do it once, they will usually do it again.
I'm sure the dog learned a lot but that badger probably walked off and fought the  next dog it saw out of sheer being a badger.
We had a dog take on a porcupine, She came back with a full beard of quills. A few months later she learned her lesson against a rattlesnake, until she ran into another one.
Haha no. Neither are about backing down.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyrdQdg53g8
Or a skunk. Or a raccoon. Or a possum.

Source: I have coonhounds. I asked for this 😂
Haha big goofy dummies. Damn sure can chase a scent though. Every scent. All the time.
As a vet tech, who worked in rural Canada for several years, dogs don't learn shit. If your dog meets a porcupine, rest assured it will happen again. Likewise, if your dog likes to tangle with skunks - well, first of all, god help you, but second of all, you'll be an expert on deskunking before your dog reaches old age. (For the record, don't pull quills because they can snap off easily - let the vet do it under heavy sedation. And baking soda/peroxide/dawn dish soap - look up the exact recipe - is the best deskunker. Take doggo to the vet if the eyes have been affected because that's serious, but otherwise just bathe, rinse, and repeat. And repeat again. Many times over many days. Godspeed.)
Yeah porcupines are painful to the dog, and the owner, with the vet bill. 

But those cute, dumb, furry things we allow in our homes will keep doing it. We've bred out most things we don't like, but dogs are still dogs and their nose is their worst enemy at times.

I have pulled quills, but it was middle of nowhere and only 8 quills in her cheek and upper lip with one in the tongue. Just got the very top of the tail of a baby needle demon. Good grippy pliers and steady pressure will do the trick. But yeah it's not advisable to treat porcupine quills yourself unless you've got no choice, because it's not good if they break with any part remaining in the skin and are hard brutal to remove. 

And done the skunk duty. Had them making a mess in the neighborhood, killing and eating the neighbor's turtles, so we trapped them. Got a whole case of baking soda and a case of peroxide in the garage. Need it to clean the trap after one has been through it.
How do you even deal with a bear and the likes prancing about your property? Large caliber hunting rifle and some courage?
What are your thoughts on the Cliven Bundy case? (Not so much the standoff, but the initial dispute over paying grazing fees)
Fees are fees, if you agreed to them then there isnt much question. Alot of it comes from hard headedness if you ask me.   Old ranchers can be a tough breed to deal with.
I like this answer. If this would have been followed....
When I hear the term “old rancher” I just imagine an old cowboy-looking guy sitting on an old rocking chair on his porch staring bitterly into the distance.
Sippin on corn squeezins
/u/wycattleman, you seem like a good guy.  Thank you for this whole post.  I learned a lot.  Best of luck to you and your cattle from Wisconsin!
I could never tell what the sky was thinking, but the soil, she don’t keep too many secrets.
I'll never forget you, Doc Platter.
Psh, that's not true. I tried to get the pH from my soil and the results just came back "I'm not telling you anything you American swine."
As a counter question, what are your general thoughts on the BLM?  Had any issues with them?
A lot of holes in the (soil), and a lot of problems are buried in those holes. But you gotta do it right. I mean, you gotta have the hole already dug before you show up with a package in the trunk. Otherwise, you're talking about a half-hour to forty-five minutes worth of digging.
Black lives matter? There are black people in Wyoming?
lol.  Bureau of Land Management, a federal agency that manages a significant portion of the west.

And yes, there are black people in Wyoming.  A few anyway.
Haha ok, crisis averted
Yep, 3 or 4 I think.
Excuse me, you forgot to thank him like a weirdo.
Well... I suppose I can’t tell you much that them mountains cant tell you better.
If there's one thing I do know, it's that I don't like pain when I cath!
Do you name your animals? I only ask because i dont think i could kill an animal with a name, but i also cant imagine raising an animal from birth without naming it sooner or later
Some do get names, we have kids, they would name every single calf, cow, pig, horse and chicken.  It can make it harder, even without names, most animals spend a long time here, I deal with them everyday, you get to know them.
God damnit #34 jumped the fence again
Being raised on a farm helps you with this. Source: lots of farmer friends and family. You get inured to getting attached to non-pet animals.
Hey get back here, A-224!
Goddamnit. #97-blue is in with the horses again!
How fucking sad
Uh, they’re just animals. And they’re made of food.
“Just” like you (:
Not really. I’m made of metal.
Cause you’re so edgy like a knife????
No, I’m a robot.
So I don’t want to be a dick but my question is dickish in nature. I love Wyoming, the beauty is astounding. I do not love ranchers, generally speaking. I don’t mean to attack you because you might feel similarly but I understand why you would feel attack as part of the rancher community. 

Anyways, why do ranchers feel so entitled to such large swaths of land?
I'm not entitled to anything, I work my butt off to continue a legacy that has been passed down from generation to generation.  Land is what it takes to raise beef in this area, beef feeds millions.  No farms no food.
And if Wyoming has anything, its lots and lots of land. My experience with ranching in Wyoming (fairly limited, but at least spent a few weeks on ranches in the years I lived there) is that just like my father and his farm in Sweden, they feel a special bond and a strong responsibility to care about the land they use.  

In some cases you feel like the people using the land are just exploiting it. That's was the opposite of my experience with the people I stayed with.
Yea I mean I wanted to convey that I don’t feel this is true with all ranchers but that’s what I see.
Beef is just about the least efficient way of turning land into food and I doubt you’re stupid enough not to know that. Don’t jerk yourself off for “feeding people” when you’re doing it in the most destructive (and expensive) way possible with no regard for the consequences.
It’s easy to have lots of land when you murder the people living on it and steal if from them, then oppress and discriminate against their descendants.
Sure, that's human history in literally every place on earth where there's people. It's unfortunate, but also not the fault of today's ranchers who are just trying to make a living. I think pretty much all of them are fully aware of the situation. Not to mention, a fairly decent number of American ranches and farms are run by Native Americans these days. If I remember correctly, there's over 50,000 of them.
Sins of the father?

I don't know the guy, but I doubt he had much to do with white settlers moving West. If he did, then I have a question for him... what is your secret to a long life?
The continued use of indigenous land for cattle ranching is an ongoing process of colonial dispossession and resource extraction. You don’t get to pretend it’s something that just happened in the past with no bearing on present conditions and activities.
That still doesn't explain how he is responsible for something that happened before his time. You are blaming him for something done by someone else.
[deleted]
Dumbfounding question.
If this process isn’t normal then why have humans been doing it since our existence?
Are you voting for someone who will actually fight for working class farmers, or for republicans who support trade wars and sexually assaulting women and belittling rape survivors?
What do you think?
I figured you'd take a clear position, you tell me..it is an AMA.
Because democrats have never sexually assaulted women or belittled rape survivors?
Way to not answer questions posed to you.
Daddy Putin taught you well!

Already a master of "whatabout-ism"...trying to draw false equivalncies between things in lieu of a real argument.

Feel free to google what I just wrote, judging by your post history, intellect isn't your strength.
Not "whatabout-ism."  Try "people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones."

Your statement implied that Republicans are the only ones assaulting women and belittling rape survivors.  Both sides have their share of scumbags.

The problem is the lack of outrage when your own side does it, regardless of which side you're on.
She’s obviously a Republican. It’s Wyoming and they are farmers. Democrats don’t give two shits about the middle of the country
tbf, being ignored is better than being activley fucked over.
Yeah I’m a libertarian so I gotta agree with you there

Summary:
I really want you to do this.
&gt; I don't think that's really all that controversial.
All I'm saying is it is morally wrong to eat other living beings, I don't think that's really all that controversial.
Animals need to die so I can eat them.
I'm not sure how much difference it would make, but I don't think so, no.
I don't think that, so there's no admission to make.
Just because you think you're right, doesn't mean you are.
Again I say, there is no "right side" to history.
How's it feel to kill things for a living?
I'm sure there's some line for you.
It still doesn't make you right.
*So if you think some aspects of meat production is wrong*

I don’t.
&gt;All I'm saying is it is morally wrong to eat other living beings, 

No it's not.
There is such a thing as a right side, lol.
But, really, vegetarians do kind of deserve to be an ass to people who eat meat.
History doesn't care, and history doesn't judge.
I know what you're saying, perhaps more than you do.
And what do you think the opinion on the morality of those people would had the other side won the conflict?
I think it's dumb, but whatever.
I don't know, maybe I just don't think humans are all that important.
Yes I hope so too!
Look, I eat meat the same as 90% of us, but at least I'm not too defensive to admit it's wrong of me.
There are black people in Wyoming?
You're saying all predators, living beings themselves, are morally wrong.
Your comment says a lot about you.
But it would mean you’re a little fucked up.
You can't admit that the world would be better if no one ate meat?
*You can't admit that the world would be better if no one ate meat?
&gt; vegetarians do kind of deserve to be an ass to people

No.
I'm just a man, who am I to decide what animals deserve to die?
Is that not fucked up to you?
I mean unless you eat nothing that grows, we're ALL killing something for a living.
&gt; I mean could you honestly look a cow or pig or goat in the eye as you slaughter it and not feel a single thing?
&gt; Is this really that hard to understand?
I mean could you honestly look a cow or pig or goat in the eye as you slaughter it and not feel a single thing?
*I mean could you honestly look a cow or pig or goat in the eye as you slaughter it and not feel a single thing?
It is how we have evolved and I don't see any reason to fight nature on this.
Animals need to die so I can enjoy my dinner.
Maybe it's just bc I live in the PNW.
And yes, there are black people in Wyoming.
I'm not saying there isn't better ways to do it, I'm not saying people wouldn't be better off eating less red meat.
Similarly, people who inhumanely keep and slaughter animals are wrong.
But you gotta do it right.
If you think you would feel something, then why are you disagreeing with me so strongly?
In the same way the union is on the right side of history (which I hope you agree with), vegetarians will be, too.
Is this really that hard to understand?
