Original Response:
So, I've always felt like I wasn't supposed to be a girl. In kindergarten, I've always envied the games boys played, tried to sit at the boy's table, and felt like I was in the wrong place when the teachers told us to get into groups of boys and girls. It's been easier for me to make guy friends, even though I enjoyed the company of other girls as well. I would favor my grandfathers and uncles over grandmothers and aunts.

In middle school I started to accept my femininity more, discovering the joy of fashion and makeup. In high school I got my first boyfriends, and was able to embrace my heterosexuality. But recently, in college, my issues with gender are coming up again.

A lot of this was triggered by reading on gender theory from less-than-tolerant sources. I know it's not a valid reason to feel like I do, but it gets to me because I can easily see it being true. I look at history and see the majority of scientific, artistic, and philosophical figures being men. I basically feel like men are better at all the things that I want to be good at, which is totally a sexist bias that I have, and I hate it. Between the redpill, mgtow, 4chan, and the current political climate, I've basically come to feel inferior and worthless.

 How do you deal with sexism? How do you feel comfortable with your own brain and body?
Men have been taking credit for women's work and discoveries for centuries. Men aren't better or smarter, men have simply silenced and oppressed women all throughout history.  Frankenstein, one of the greatest literary works of all time, was first puplished anonymously because puplishers wouldnt believe it was written by a women. George Eliot, born Mary Evans, used the male penname to publish her work, because publishers wouldnt even look at a womens work in the 1800s.  In the early 1900s, Virginia Woolf, one of the best femenist post modern writers ever, had to create her own Publishing Company (Hogarth Press) and personally hand print and bind her own novels because she couldn't get them published (by the male owned publishing companies of the time). 


Men would just love women to shut up.

By saying that you feel men are superior to women, you are only confirming that the male brainwashing you've been exposed to all your life has worked. 

I also think the idea that a female has to be feminine and a male has to be masculine is total bullsh/t.  A female can feel masculine, it doesn't make you a male in any way, it doesn't make you a lesbian, it doesn't make you anything else than what you inherently are, which is a more assertive masculine feeling female. There are sensitive type males, maybe a little effeminate, doen't make them any more a women than Dwanye the Rock Johnson.
Yep, fucking Watson and Crick take the cake on this. Without Rosalind Franklin they never would have discovered DNA but they were sexist assholes to her and refused to give any credit.
Same with Lise Meitner and the discovery of Nuclear Fission

There could be a whole subreddit on discredited women
Marie Curie, who discovered radioactivity, almost had her work stolen with no credit by her male colleagues. Einstein's wife, a great scientist whose name most people don't even know, is estimated by some historians to have had greater contribution to his papers than he had and yet she's not even cited. Today, men at MIT are attempting to win the CRISPR patent from the woman at Berkeley who invented the technique. **In 2018 it is still happening.**
We can make that subreddit. We can document the inequalities. What should we call it? r/discreditedwomen ?
how about r/uncreditedwomen? discredited sounds like they were credited and then found to be wrong.
Cool, i like it lots!
[removed]
You're on the right track for sure.
&gt; Einstein's wife, a great scientist whose name most people don't even know, is estimated by some historians to have had greater contribution to his papers than he had and yet she's not even cited

To clarify, there's a theory that she helped him write some of his early papers. There's little to no evidence to support the claim that she "had a greater combination than her husband".

As for the CRISPR lawsuit, you're grossly simplifying the situation. The MIT/Harvard team has a genuine claim to the tech
\&gt;  by some historians   


The qualifier.  


\&gt;  The MIT/Harvard team has a genuine claim to the tech   


Go on.
&gt; The qualifier

I've never seen a historian even suggest that she had more of a contribution to his work than he did.

There's an actual difference between the patents by the two teams. UC team proved it worked in a lab setting, in a test tube. MIT/Harvard proved it actually worked in mammals.
So the MIT/Harvard team didn't invent it? They just expanded upon previous work? Like taking a cancer therapy from tissue cultures to human trials?   


Here's a [couple](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/427621/did-einsteins-first-wife-secretly-coauthor-his-1905-relativity-paper/) of interesting [articles](https://www.independent.co.uk/news/long_reads/mileva-maric-albert-einsten-physics-science-history-women-a8396411.html) questioning the role of Einstein's spouse in his work.
&gt; So the MIT/Harvard team didn't invent it? They just expanded upon previous work

If you want to be this granular, neither did the other team. This shit was theory until it was proved to work in a test tube. And then mammalian application was just theory until it was proved.

Also, pretty much everything in science is an expansion on previous work.
So then tell me how we award patents. I'm asking as much for me as for you.

Summary:
&gt; So the MIT/Harvard team didn't invent it?
Men have been taking credit for women's work and discoveries for centuries.
So the MIT/Harvard team didn't invent it?
\&gt;  by some historians   


The qualifier.
The MIT/Harvard team has a genuine claim to the tech.
MIT/Harvard proved it actually worked in mammals.
