Original Response:
Which business? How many? How much has unemployment gone up? How many people are affected? 

Provide data to prove you aren't as full of shit as the rest of the neo-con infrastructure.
I can speak for one business: mine. Unemployment will go up 100%. 4 people affected. 

We're barely breaking even as it is. I work a full time salaried job which allows me to sustain my retail shop at a $1k/month loss. I opened the store to help keep local folks employed and provide a shopping experience that otherwise would not exist in our community. With minimum wage going up from $10.50/he to $12/hr as of July, that increases salary by $600/month, and I probably won't be able to sustain this much longer. 

Not trying to get political here, just speaking from my own personal experience and I also hear the same from other small business owners in the area.
Have you considered increasing prices?
[deleted]
Unfortunately it's a licensed store so the prices are set by the brand. The margin is 40-50%, out of which we have to pay for rent, utilities, salaries, payroll taxes, worker's comp, and inventory. The brand also has an online website so we're not allowed to sell online.
He's actually a "she", and since when does losing money make anyone feel good.
You are aware that minimum wage isn’t sustainable for meeting basic needs in your locale even with the increase, correct? It sucks that you’re losing money, but if you can’t afford to pay the most basic salary the government has assessed your community members need to live, then perhaps find another line of work. 

I feel more sorry for your employees living hand to mouth and losing their compensation than your poor business sense. Running a business is a gamble, always. Perhaps next time consider a co-op?
I suppose you make a good point. I should probably just focus on my day job and close the store. I just feel bad for these young adults that are working here 'til they figure out what they want to do for their actual career.
If you really felt bad for them, you would be paying them enough to afford rent and food. At this point you feel bad for yourself and you are trying to transfer the blame to the labor force who is begging for scraps right now. You had the choice to open a business or not; most people who are working for minimum wage didn’t have much of a choice about that.

Maybe be mad about the laws that make it so easy for multinationals to fuck over cities and mold laws to their benefits which the local businesses do not have deep enough pockets to do. This isn’t the minimum wage workers’ fault.
I actually don't feel bad for myself at all. I have a full time job that has afforded me to sustain a loss for the store over the past few years. Instead of spending my disposable income on useless luxury goods, I chose to open a specialty store in a community that was lacking one and employ a few people who are fans of and enjoy selling the product.

If I can barely pay them enough to keep the store open, how does it logically make sense to pay them even more? And how much pay do you think they need to afford rent and food?

I did have a choice to open the business, and when I opened it, minimum wage was just $9/hr. It went up by 33% in the past few years. I didn't have a choice about that. People applied to the store knowing it pays minimum wage, so yes they did have a choice about that.

Not sure what you read in the post that makes it sound like I'm mad or blaming the employees. Just sharing some insight based on experience and speaking with other small business owners.

Summary:
I did have a choice to open the business, and when I opened it, minimum wage was just $9/hr.
I actually don't feel bad for myself at all.
I didn't have a choice about that.
I can speak for one business: mine.
