Original Response:
It's hurting me to see how many men are being so naive about this. It's not that you don't want to report it, every bone in your body itches for justice. However, in my situation and at that age, I couldn't. My abusers convinced me if I did they'd make everyone think I was gay. And it was 2 against 1 so I was convinced they were right. It was hell on earth dealing with this so young, being bullied so badly, having no one to help you deal with it.

My empathy goes out to many of you who faced similar stigmatisation, potential shame and confrontation.
It’s something you never really understand until it happens to you.

Shame is so overwhelming. And it never gets easier. After multiple assaults and abusive situations I vowed to never let that shame stop me from reporting or telling people.

And yet every time I failed to tell anyone until it was too late for anything.
It is never too late to share your truth, but I understand what you mean.

I know you know this based on your comment, but you did nothing and are doing nothing wrong. You are a survivor and no one can tell you that are doing that wrong.

That goes for OP too. 

We are all in a shitty club, but it does not define us.
Honestly I tried but I just couldn't do it too. It was harder and probably more embaressing for me, a young make teen, but my best friend was raped and she said she related to mostly everything I feared

It's only these last 3 months I'm coming to terms with what happened and admitting it happened to me.
For me I also hate describing myself as a “survivor” or a “victim” (disclaimer: this is my personal feeling on it and I’m 100% on board with whatever identity helps someone heal). I am me. One event in my life does not define me. He does not get any say in my identity. None of these men do. I deal with consequences of their actions and not my own. I much prefer to say that “I was raped.”  Or even better “someone raped me.” Someone did a thing to me. I am not that thing.

I still get angry. So very angry. I don’t get sad anymore.

I’ve had people tell me to forgive so that I can heal but honestly that anger drives me to not get scared or sad. Forgiveness is mine to give or not give and when people tell me to forgive someone unrepentant who admits no wrongdoing I hate it. 

It’s not required of me and I feel empowered by the fact that I have something that I don’t have to give these men. 

Edit: this got a little ranty and venty. Not at you if it happens to come across this way.
I wish you well on your healing process.

It’s a journey and it’s different for everyone.

Remind yourself that someone else did something terrible to you. You are not that thing. Their actions are theirs. What someone else did to you has no bearing on your worth as a person.
I totally get it. I don't use those terms for myself either.

Forgiveness is a weird thing. Is it ever real or is it something people say to try to convince themselves they are at peace or moved on? Is it a personal failing if I can't imagine how forgiveness truly works in a practical, day-to-day, physiological way?
Honestly to me forgiving people who have done things and shown no remorse seems so unproductive. I don’t think about those people every day. I have two people I feel good about not forgiving. I can move on without forgiving people who have absolutely destroyed me. It’s like people think that forgiving someone is always healthy.

As a fucking former doormat of a human I actually relish the fact that I don’t have to give them that. It’s not a requirement to forgive those people. I think it’s pretty great.
I'm glad you are owning it and I hope you stay former forever!
It’s a process. I let someone take financial advantage of me in the years since. They are also on my unforgiveness list. It’s really hard when you’ve been told standing up for yourself makes you a bitch.
Of course. Bitch. Hysterical. Emotional. Overreacting.  Fuck those people.
I agree!
I too am a male survivor of childhood sexual abuse which was visited upon me by an uncle.  I can tell you that after twenty four years I am still fucked up from it and I have never once felt as though I have had any support.  I have been ostracized by both men and women alike and told repeatedly that I don't understand what it is like to be a victim of sexual abuse simply because of my gender.  The truth is, we have nothing to gain but shame in openly admitting we were vulnerable at one point in our lives as men.  To be a victim is to have weakness and nobody respects a weak man, so you will project strength which is all anyone around you will see... even at victims groups.  What they don't see is that scared eight year old boy who still cannot trust other men because as a boy there was never any help to be had.
Even if you do tell people are not supportive. I told my mom her coworkers were touching me. (I work with her.) She told me to just deal with it. :/

And she's still seeing a guy that laid down on top of me and kissed me when i was asleep. I was 19. 😔 something is wrong with the world and i don't think it's going to get any better. 

And i don't think my family believes me when i tell them anymore bc it happens too often to me. I think whatever little self worth i have left is going to shatter when they finally tell me to stop lying.
I lost so many friends when I told them what happened to me. A few stayed. These people mean the world to me.

It’s so soul crushingly lonely to be abandoned.
I didn’t even try to report it

The cops in my area were the subject of an investigation by a nonprofit. They interviewed victims and nurses and filed FOIA requests 

They found victims were consistently mistreated. Blamed, accused of lying, treated like criminals, belittled, etc. It was common for the cops to not even file a report. Sexual assault nurses backed up that cops said horrible things to victims

I just wanted to move on and didn’t want to put myself in a situation where armed men would aggressively interrogate me for hours

I went to his house willingly. There’s no way they’d believe me. I didn’t want to be further traumatized so I just tried to pretend nothing happened

It’s so difficult, especially when there’s no hope for justice

I hope you’re doing okay
Yeah fuck people that say you need to forgive

I’ve had multiple therapists tell me that. That he’s a good person deep down and I should forgive him or I’m unhealthy

Fuck that
[RAINN](https://www.rainn.org) have a lot of sources that hopefully may help you. 

All the best.
I'm so sorry. I'm sorry it happened to you and I'm sorry you had your experiences invalidated. That's almost as bad. 

*hugs* if you want them.
My therapist was amazing and told me that my anger was an important and healthy feeling so long as I didn’t hold to it. Something very wrong was done to me and feeling angry is natural. Your therapists are crappy. 

Edit: and if deep down he’s a good person I don’t give a flying fuck. Because what he did to me I don’t have to ever forgive if I don’t want to. He could be a saint to the rest of the world and never hurt a fly. But it won’t ever change what happened.
[deleted]
I think your vulnerability and your honesty is strong. I have so much respect for you because you had the strength to speak your truth.
I have to disagree. Anyone with half a brain and a shred of empathy can understand why its hard to come forward. Anyone who doesn't understand has major empathy deficiency or is willfully ignorant.
I mean like real understanding. A lot of people don’t really get what it’s like because they’d “fight back” or “be strong”.
Just out of curiosity how long did it take you to confront this as an adult?  I only ask cause I had quite the episode 2 years ago and telling anyone about this stuff resulted in the worst reactions,  even when they asked what my issue was.  

Also,  the strength thing is too true for what is really just fragility.   I quit MMA training a year ago mostly after getting tired of being a tough guy.  As well as realizing that angst and anger is still allowing your transgressors power over your life. Will say that I definitely don't feel vulnerable anymore after training to be a human weapon for 4 years.
Just a personal thought. But you dont forgive these people for their sake. You forgive them for yourself. Holding on to anger constantly I have found is draining and unhealthy (was for me).

But we all move on in our own ways. So long as you dont let the anger control you (sounds like it doesn't for you) then that's all that really matters. How we accomplish this is up to each of us. Forgiving is just the first route most people mention but it's not the only one.
Yes, and those people are fucking stupid.
[removed]
[removed]
My policeman stepfather was able to get away with molesting me for years. He was a 'good old boy' and it wasn't taken seriously when I finally reported it.

That bastard even caught my older brother molesting me and he still had the nerve to deny he'd been doing it to me for years.

FUCK THOSE PEOPLE.
Its the same with abuse at home or bullying in school, obviously rape is a lot worse but the reaction of people that havent suffered through it is always the same: denial.

So many people that have no idea how common these things are just outright deny that they can be true, **just because it never happened to them**, which is fucking ridiculous.

I was never in space, should i now stop believing we went into space just because i didnt do it? No...

I was severely bullied at school and abused at home, i fled that life and am now a lot happier, but whenever the topic comes up why i wont talk to my mother, people always assume that it is my fault or "it couldnt have been that bad", because they had loving mothers or atleast not as horrible ones as i did.

**We need to break this fucking cycle of just denying what you cant, or rather dont want to believe to be true.**

Everyone deserves happiness and no one deserves to suffer through this, denying it just makes it worse for the victim and literally helps no one but the attacker/perpetrator/offender...
I'm sorry the world has let you down. You deserve so much more. Your feelings are valid and you deserve respect and empathy. I hope being about to come here and more people becoming brave enough to talk about these things will continue to help shape society. You are important and I wish I could give you a long hug or at least a friendly ear, if that was something that would be helpful to you.
I’m a woman who was raped at age 24. I never understood until it happened to me, but I was so confused and ashamed and couldn’t even figure out what had happened. It took me months to even realise it really was rape and wasn’t my fault. I didn’t want anyone to find out—being called a liar was more than I could bear. I was treated horribly by hospital staff. It was a terrifying, dehumanising time. Now I understand why people don’t report.
Friends and I called ourselves “founding members of the Cast Iron Bitch Club” back in the day. Embrace the bitch. She’s a badass who brooks no quarter. 

You’d be grateful to get her forgiveness, cause it’s a rare thing to get and barely anyone qualifies.
I am so, so sorry. Respect, love, and hugs if you need them.
Forgiveness hasn’t been earned here. There’s been no regret, no attempt at justice or repair, no sign of anguish on the offenders part. 

Nope. No good guys to be seen and no one who has earned any hint of forgiveness. Fuck that and them. They can stay on the shit list of hideous human beings
I'm so sorry, that sounds terrifying. I hope you have left these people behind and found happiness in your life.
My alcoholic uncle abused me, when I was 4-5, and I only ever told anyone (my wife) in the past 2 months. I'm 30 now. I know what you mean with saying youre only coming to terms with it now. That uncle drank himself to death 15 years ago, so I can't confront him, and I don't know what else to do with this information. And I don't know what fucked up characteristics of myself could be attributed to that.
Seen sooo many people be like "how could they react that way, I'd do this" type thing. And I'm like, you don't f-ing now, you moron! You never were in the situation to experience your body betray your moral thoughts. 

Like one video where a robber pulls a weapon, and everyone jumps backwards a little cause it's startling. And one is amother with a child, and she jumps backwards with her kid to the side of her. And then she drags the kid behind her. Sooo many hateful comments on her reaction saying "I'd never abandon my kid like that, I'd jump in front if it!" 

ARGH!
Thanks. It hasn't been easy.  Turns out there was over 30 years of anger hidden inside me under laughter.  At least the nightmares I started having after my stepdad died have stopped.  I wouldn't wish this on my worst enemy.  Abusers should never be protected or have excuses made for them.
No, they just don’t understand. Some people just can’t understand it since it’s not part of their world

It’s not right, I’m not saying that, but they just don’t get it
[removed]
I know what you’re going through. 

I’m also male and when I was 8-9 years old my 11-12 year old cousin was just figuring out that he was gay. He didn’t want to experiment with other boys his age for fear of being found out, so he turned to an innocent child that just thought he was playing a game. 

He would tell me that it was just truth or dare, but simply put he only played the dare part and I was raped on many occasions by him, and was always told to keep it a secret. 

I didn’t decide to tell anyone about it until I was 18 and at that point everyone (my mother and father as well as my now wife) told me that I was likely misremembering those encounters and that “he was just curious”. It kind of blew my mind, I thought everyone would understand why Im as hurt to see him or hear about him as I am, but in the end it became about his struggle to make it in the world as a gay man and that I shouldn’t confront him about some that “likely didn’t happen”. He’s wildly successful and married to a really great guy, I obviously don’t want to ruin his life, but I wish they would believe when I tell them that it’s haunted me in my dreams and has put me through many terms of depression.
What did it feel like to you? I honestly repressed the pain and shame so well that for most of my adult life it seemed like it happened to someone else. Now that I've faced it, for a month I felt the same disgusted violated feeling. 

Therapy helped immensely, I'm now at a stage where I don't get overly emotional when thinking about it.
I felt this way. Then 6 months ago it happened to me and I froze. I even got overly polite with myabuser and I’m so embarrassed and ashamed. It really did open my eyes and I had always thought I understood the pain of survivors. Every time I have to tell it, people respond with “I would have kicked him in the teeth” and I always thought that I would react the same way.  It is a different understanding for sure.
I don't identify as a surviver or victim because it just seems so much apart of what life is for someone like me that it's as mundane as falling of your bike and scraping up your knee or having the flu so badly you have to go to the hospital.
[removed]
Well said. Thank you. Love, another member of the shitty club
[removed]
I also was assaulted by a male family member. I wish i had been strong enough to report it but I was afraid of his being taken away and getting blamed for it. Even after almost 40 years its hard to talk about. I was always concerned about people thinking I would become a pedophile because so many of them use the fact that they were abused as children as  an excuse for their actions.

Edit: spelling &amp; grammar
Have you considered yoga now that you are no longer doing MMA?  You may find it helps you let go of your anger, while also strengthening your mind.  Best of luck.
I'm female, my older male cousin did the same thing to me, often while we were upstairs at my Nana's house with my dad downstairs. I never told anyone, I guess I've always felt like he's a different person now and my dad doesn't have a lot of family left anymore, but I definitely wouldn't blame anyone else for reporting it. It's hugely effected the way I feel about myself and my body. Maybe it would help me to get closure, but the idea of ever bringing the topic up fills me with an immense sick and shameful feeling.
Pretend nothing happened.

I feel that.  I pretended for 40 years.  It seemed easier than to admit that it happened. 

I'm sorry that you've gone through that and are still essentially going through it.  I would suggest counseling as it was very helpful for me.

Wishing you the best.
My therapist helped me to realize that my anger was/is actually *rage*.  For many reasons.   I still mask it with laughter because the rage hasn't faded.
My heart goes out to you.  I’m in tears just reading about the way they didn’t believe you.
So women basically are shaming you?  Been my experience as well.  If I tell a guy buddy I was molested they go "Dude, I'm here for you."  BUT every single woman or girl I've told in my 40 years has netted them being uncomfortable and usually they told other people and then stop hanging out.  Never really thought too much about this but yea...  Ive never been shamed by a man, but definitely by women..lots and lots of women.
[removed]
I tend to bottle things up and briefly opening up about it helped me realize that. More than anything though I just feel lost as to what to do with acknowledging this happened. I at first wanted to talk to my aunt about it, but don't know what good would come of it. I kept it to myself for 25 years and have gotten used to that I guess.
Whoever committed such a crime against you deserves all your anger and deserves to be punished. But forgiveness happens not when you force it or when someone else says it, but when you’re at a point in you’re life that you’re at peace with what happened, when it doesn’t consume you anymore. It is forgiveness for yourself and not those villains. No one except you knows when that is.
A female friend of mine got bullied out of the family by the other women after she came forward about her grandma molesting her. The grandma even said it was true, but still she was repeatadly told she will rot in hell for this.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Christ, reading this really hurt. I’m a woman but I can only imagine being invalidated because of your gender has to make it so fucking difficult and frustrating.
I'm so sorry that happened to you. I've horrifyingly discovered, in my experience, that the women who deny the hardest are doing so because it's happened to them.  They can't cope with the experience, so they deny deny deny. It's incredibly painful to have these women deny your experience, it's like a double betrayal.
[removed]
As someone who has suffered all of those things I hate the term “worse”. Abuse is awful. Bullying is awful. They’re all different kinds of terrible and they’re not always completely separate.


Otherwise I absolutely love what you’re saying and understand you mean no harm.
There’s a difference between understanding and being cruel about it too. You don’t have to understand to use empathy either. Being dismissive about what it’s like is different than listening to someone and not really grasping it but trying to do so.
As a parent, I’m wondering what could help to alleviate my child from ever feeling shame. Is there anything your parents could have said or done in this situation to make it better?
[removed]
[removed]
You seem like a really compassionate person and I hope you’re able to turn that compassion on yourself too
My mother was always judgemental of my boyfriends. I always just wanted to make her happy but she kept talking shit about them. She was always very passive aggressive herself and modeled a lot of the red flag behaviours that that my abusers shared.

I remember right after I got raped by my ex my mother was giving me a ride to a dentist appointment. It was maybe half an hour after he had finished. I told him “we are not going to ever talk about this again” because I really couldn’t process it. My mom called and told me she was on her way. I pretended I was fine. She showed up and I was in tears and she just said “fighting again?” And I just couldn’t bring myself to tell her. Even now she barely believes me or thinks I’m overstating the abuse I’ve experienced by various men.  Hell, even in just my last shitty relationship I’ve been scared to bring up how shitty it was. It wasn’t abusive but for the love of Christ let your child talk to you about things without telling them what to do or think or feel. Validate their feelings and they will come to you with them. If they want to just vent just listen, let them get it off their chest. If you want to share an unwarranted opinion be respectful of their feelings. And it’s hard because some of my friends warned me that one of my boyfriends was a piece of trash and the one who stood by me and supported me and didn’t always tell me my taste in men was awful was the first person I felt safe telling.

Basically make yourself a safe space for your child. When they come to you with a problem, no matter how stupid you think it is, treat it like a gift  and don’t make them feel dumb about it. The scariest and hardest truth is that you can’t really tell someone to leave. What you can do is ask them if they’re really okay with something and how they feel. Parsing out my feelings is hard for me but when allowed to do it instead of feeling like I’m being judged is so much easier for me to come to my own conclusions


Also teaching bodily autonomy but even though I knew logically the first time I ever got physically assaulted by my boyfriend that I should walk out the door and leave, I knew in my heart of hearts to never look back and even told him as such, somehow that knowledge didn’t translate to me telling other people.
I still am not comfortable using terms for what happened to me. I can describe events and I know it was wrong, but I still don't want to admit to "rape" or "molested." I guess part of me still wants to deny it, and a part of me is almost normalized to it... as you described, like scraping your knee. Mostly it's something that I've mentally put aside- I don't have to deal with running into certain people or the people I tried to tell who made excuses or didn't believe me. It's not an active part of my life, so it's easy to forget. Until the topic comes up, until I'm bombarded with #metoo and everything happening in the news, do I get an inkling that maybe I'm not as ok as I think I am.
Same with a young cousin(f) and I(f). I had no idea what was going on other than a name. Sadly enough she was even younger than I was. We both were under 7 years old.
This takes a lot of courage to share what you did and to explore the impact of your trauma on your life. People of all genders who have experienced sexual abuse and assault deserve support, and systems responding in a proper way including school systems, parents, police, Etc.

Because so many systems fail to even treat sexual abuse and assault reporting with basic sensitivity, I absolutely understand why people don't disclose and certainly why people don't support.
Thank you for this post. You deserve support. Men and boys who have experienced sexual abuse and assault deserve therapeutic support, social support, and support when disclosing. I hope you are able to find the support that you deserve. You matter and I believe you.
Dude, don't DIY this one. Start looking for a therapist that fits. You might go through one or two, it may be difficult, but while there's no road map out of things like this, there are steps that have proven to get people moving in a better direction. Find a pro - hunt around for groups for survivors of sexual abuse, they may have leads for someone versed in this. There's no reason you need to go through life with any f'd up characteristics; and on the other hand, you've been through something unique, though terrible - sometimes those things can forge uniquely *good* things about a person. Wish you the very best.
Forgiveness?..that's asking alot.my abuser was a family friend,he would force me to touch his penis,he would tell me about his sexual exploits with boys,...he invited me to go a road trip to California and without asking me he asked my mom if I can go,she said sure,..he loves road trips....

he threatened to leave me In california... (I had no numbers to contact anyone,...no sense to run,.fight, scream...nothing)he ended up taking what he wanted from me.

Forgiveness is out of the question..
I’m a woman if t matters. Also rape survivor.

I believe you. And that is so important, we need to stop downplaying someone’s experience because whatever lack of common understanding of what sexual assault is

I’m so sorry you went through that and were further revictimized by people who should support you
Fuck yes. Well said. It seems for many people, the first thing they lose after abuse is empowerment. So good to read this.
And yet there’s still people telling me I need to forgive. I will never not be angry when I think about injustice of others. Why should I not be angry about injustice done to me?

No ones going around saying forgiving convicted rapist Brock Allen Turner but apparently it’s healthy for me to forgive people who have done massive damage to my life and health. I will not ever stop being angry when this comes up.

I have a relatively healthy normal life now. I struggle with maintaining a healthy relationship but I’m working at it and it’s not the fault of one person. I’ve been let down a lot in my life. I don’t hold a grudge against my mother even though she’s done her fair share of damage. Or the people who’ve really hurt me and taken the time to change, grow, and apologize for their behaviour. There’s nothing I can get out of forgiving the people who I don’t want to forgive or believe in forgiving.
Thanks for the tip, but I've honestly gotten over the anger.  My abuser is serving a life term in prison, so not like I'd ever get the chance to beat him up anyways. 

I am incredibly lucky to have a wonderful woman in my life that helped guide me through my most difficult times.  Now we just go snowboard/bike in our free time.
I'm sorry that you've had those experiences, particularly the lack of support from those women. I've had male friends open up to me, and as a woman it breaks my heart to hear it. Most of those friends, didn't know what happened, because the people who "took advantage" were women. They blamed themselves because they were drunk or couldn't fight back due to fear of legal ramifications, and the prevailing thought was as men they were supposed to enjoy it. It wasn't until I opened up to them with my history, that they shared theirs with me, but still didn't understand what had happened. How anyone can think to stop rape culture without even acknowledging that men can also be raped, even by WOMEN, is just so beyond me.
Now that you've acknowledged it, allow yourself to process it. Be sad, be angry, be numb. However you feel about it is okay. There is no "correct" way to feel.

Talking to your aunt may be cathartic, but it also may not be. We all deal differently. Unless you suspect that your aunt may have a hostile reaction, it doesn't hurt to try. Personally, talking about it has only ever been beneficial to me when I talk to my best friend about it, who has also been raped before. How did you feel after talking about it to your wife? 

There are other ways you can process it other than talking about it. Something that's helped me has been to write my rapist a letter and bury it on the beach. I also like to camp now. Being out in the wilderness away from people helps put things in perspective sometimes.

I'm really sorry that you can't get closure. Many of us don't. But that doesn't mean you can never move on from this. 

The most important thing is to be kind to yourself. It sounds corny, but seriously. Give yourself the same amount of support and compassion that you would give your brother or friend if he'd gone through the same thing.
I’m having a big problem with your wife.  Why isn’t she supporting you and at least offering comfort?!  Would she be as unsupportive if a female friend came to her with something like this?

I think as you were both very young minors and within 3 years of age of each other, there is no legal recourse, but I feel like you should talk to him and let him know how what he did to you made you feel.  He should at least acknowledge he was wrong, and that might help with some of the burden.
Forgiving doesn't mean forgetting. You can forgive someone without ever talking to them or ever interacting with them again. You can forgive someone and never stop warning people to stay away from that person or telling other people what they did.

Forgiveness means letting go of your hate so you can move on from that. It doesn't mean you don't have scars. It just means you have better things to do than spend time actively hating a person.
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
&gt; something is wrong with the world and i don't think it's going to get any better. 

Hey there, just wanted to say that while I understand where this sentiment comes from, I am encouraged by all the conversations we are having now around sexual abuse and assault. This was not part of the conversation even 15-20 years ago, and while I know there are still people out there who will try to sweep this under the rug, there are more and more people who are speaking out and, more importantly, people who are listening. 

It is a betrayal when family or friends don't listen or try to ignore the problem, but if possible, find a new support system, move away, look for advocacy groups and support groups in your area if you can't move. There are people who will believe you every time, no matter what. And that belief is validating and empowering. 

I hope the best for you and anyone else who has had loved ones turn a blind eye.
I'm a male sexual assault victim as well. My babysitter and my older brother both independent from each other. As an adult, the conversation happened with a family friend about sexual assault. I told him about the babysitter. I was 7 when it happened, and she was 17. He straight up told me that since it was a female doing it to a male, it wasn't rape. After 20 minutes of me trying to convince him that I...WAS....RAPED... by her, he just couldn't fathom it. That's when I said, "OK... fine. You don't think her doing that to me is rape? What's your opinion about my brother doing the exact same stuff to me that she did?"
I’m so so sorry that happened to you that is so awful

It’s so difficult when cops are the rapists or abusers since cops always protect their buddies

Our country is so fucked up

I hope you are doing better even with all those horrible things that happened
Your therapist sounds wonderful!

And he’s not a good person, even if he is a saint to the rest of the world. That would just make him a psychopath

Human beings don’t rape other people. He’s a subhuman piece of shit and nothing more
Well my rapist gave me some bullshit apology about how he did nothing wrong because I asked for it (apparently saying no and stop repeatedly means yes?). But he acted concerned and said he felt bad that I felt like I was raped and he knew how damaging it could be and wanted me to talk to someone

It’s so fucked up how sociopathic rapists are
You are right, i didnt thought about what the use of that word would insinuate. All are horrible things, ill try to reword it when i get back from work :)
Thanks so much! I hope you are doing okay as well

It’s frustrating because the nonprofit gave the cops a long list of suggestions on what they could do to stop being so fucking awful

And the cops denied the veracity of the report and didn’t implement anything

Per usual, cops’ MO are to deny, deflect, excuse, and downplay

Even after an investigative report that shows they consistently mistreat victims and don’t even file a police report

What the fuck is wrong the department where I live?? I don’t understand their mentality. They love to claim they are heroes and protect people but they do nothing about the fact that they love to tell victims they are sluts and asked for it

I don’t understand how they can think they are the good guys when they de facto side with rapists
Amen. Same boat.
I am so sorry you have been made to feel this way. I just want you to know that surviving your abuse makes you an extremely strong person. *Much* stronger than those who have never experienced that abuse and shame you for it.
My mom was raped when she was 17 and she took her dads rifle and waited for her rapist to walk past her house on the way from school shot him but he lived. She went to juvenile detention for 2 years and came back happy and glad she did that. that kid was the one who went through therapy my mom didn’t need it.
Those people who state that you don’t have a right to be sexually assaulted because you’re a man don’t give a shit about trauma or the individual. They are engaged in cult-like behavior centered around power. They want to draw power for whatever political identity they’ve created, sadly, that’s the core of this movement.
This. Also, if your kid comes to you about something don't make it about how you failed them because you're a bad parent or say anything that'll guilt your kid into not talking about stuff because it'll hurt you. So many things I wish I'd never talked about because my mom always cried and berated herself for.
Whenever there is a conversation about abuse, and it's brought on by women, I leave that conversation immediately. I find another place to be. I've been told far too many times by very liberal and progressive women that I'll never understand what it's like. That I just can't because of the same reasons: male privilege. And if I share my own abuse during my childhood, as I've tried, you just get treated differently. Weak men just aren't respected. Especially if they're straight. As a gay man, I hear far too many of my women, liberal, progressive and open-minded friends just demolish their potential partners for being too feminine and weak: "I just wish he was a real man."
Laughter masking rage reminds me of the Netflix show Hannah Gadsby: Nanette. I hope it's not inappropriate to recommend a stand up special as a response to your trauma, it feels like it is, but the show helps the audience of a comedy show (of all places) to see the side of abuse survivors. It's a powerful show and it might help you in some small way to see her affecting the world by her experience.
That’s not an apology, that’s an excuse via blame-shifting. 

I stand by my statement, there’s been zero remorse. Forgiveness DOUBLY not earned.
Tell them if anyone hurts them....

 - You will listen to them and help them figure out what to do, even if they were breaking the rules when they got hurt

 - You won't go immediately beat up the person, or report them to the police without talking it through first

 - It doesn't matter how long they wait to tell you, you'll still listen if they keep it secret until they're 80 years old

 - If they are confused about whether they wanted it or invited it, or are somehow to blame, if they were forced in any way, that is still wrong
As I mentioned above. Forgiveness is only 1 route of many to let's call it manage our hatred. The person below got it right. It's not good to focus so much of our energy every day hating someone. We have better things to do with our lives. You dont need to forget. You dont need to like the person. But this person is winning if you keep thinking of them instead of living our own lives.
Seriously every girl in my family has been sexually assaulted. Family friend, male friend they've known since middle school, male coworker, male employer. If i ever have kids i don't think i'll ever be comfortable leaving them alone with a man. Even a couple of my male friends have been molested by men when they were children.
Fuck that. The fear and shame and hurt are not gender biased. Nor does being assaulted make you weak, male or female. I am so, so sorry you have been made to feel this way. It is not okay. 

Your emotions, reactions, and your fears regarding your abuse is valid and real. Your experience is valid. You are valid. Anyone who says otherwise lacks empathy and compassion, and other survivors should fucking know better.

I was raped at 12 by my then boyfriend. 3 times. I am female. 

Not a single thing about that makes my assualt more valid than yours. I would say you probably had it worse, honestly, because I was not a child being assaulted by an adult I was supposed to trust. 

If you ever want to talk to someone, please feel free to message me. No one, ever, should be made to feel like what they went through was their fault, or minimized or dismissed. Especially if the reason for that dismissal is because you are a man. 

I can't promise to know exactly how you feel or what you went through because our circumstances were obviously different, but I can promise to listen, and I can promise that nothing about this makes you weak or shameful. You're exactly the opposite for continuing on and even speaking about what happened to you. 

Take care of yourself, and don't listen to sexist assholes.
If these stigmas against vulnerability could be addressed we'd probably have a much more equal society. I think "toxic masculinity" feeds into the oppression of both men and women alike by firstly engendering adjectives and secondly belittling and devaluing the adjectives that are engendered as female. It's ridiculous, inaccurate, and unfair to everyone.
People who adamantly deny that it could be true, are hiding something buried deep within themselves.  
When I was two years old, my grandfather fingered me while I was sitting and playing on his lap.  I felt him getting hard under his pants.  And I innocently asked, "Why are you doing that?" 
He stopped, and put me down.  
All my life, I told myself what I remembered could not be true.  Then, a friend told me that she had been sexually abused by her uncle and grandfather, and I automatically said, "Is that really true?"  She kindly turned to me and asked me, "Why are you asking that?"  
And it all came back to me, and I had to run to the bathroom and vomit.
As a female, I feel so terrible about how our society treats men like "suck it up, walk it off. You're supposed to be a tough dude." As if men don't experience trauma. Even our veterans aren't taken seriously, like, "cool, you shot some insurgents. You're a hero." Um, no, I think the average person does not like seeing death or gore IRL. Even if they are physically abused by their wives, no one takes the abuse seriously. 

And then us girls are told that we probably invited the abuse by "dressing like a slut" or that we like being dominated. It's all so messed up. I think our new generation is opening up to these discussions and helping to heal. Not to mention, therapy is being more widely accepted rather than looked upon like it's only for the severely mentally ill. Something that my parents' generation have scoffed at and completely swept under the rug.
How old was the other boy? Sorry about what you had to go through.
It's horrible that they treat these situations like that.  Helplessness is a terrible feeling. Stay strong!
Thanks! :)
I've done both. I've had a guy grab me and been super polite as a response, and another guy did the same and my arm just swung back like all on its own and I smacked him across the face. 

I think a lot of how we respond to situations is an unconscious assessment done by our hindbrains. People want to think of themselves as rational and they want to judge others on rational terms, but a lot of what we do is based on split-second unconscious decisions about the situation and what we think the other person will do. Sometimes the assessment is "this person is stronger than me and will do me harm" and it doesn't matter if you have to grovel or beg,  you just do whatever to get out of the way of danger. Then other times it's like, "this motherfucker has overestimated himself" and you let him know he's out of bounds with a clout to the ear.
That fucking sucks. I'm really sorry it happened and I'm really sorry people *who should god damned know better* invalidated your experience.
Thank you :) Yeah fuck him. I just hope he doesn’t actually believe his bullshit and deep down he knows what he did
Thank you!!

Hopefully the next generation will have cops that don’t find rape a laughable matter
Other boy?

I’ve been assaulted by men in between the ages of 21 and 26.
I was a skinny but muscular 6ft tall, 17 year old paratrooper terrified of my platoon sergeant - a gruff, cigar smoking Vietnam veteran 4 inches shorter than me but with the build and brute strength of a Wolf Larsen type character.

I’m a heterosexual male and I don’t know how he came to pick me except I was fairly new to the Army and this was my first assignment. He got me drunk on 3 beers (I had never had alcohol before that except a glass of wine) in his camper (the cab-over kind that sits on a pickup truck) and he forced himself on me physically and with threats to kill me if I ever said anything to anyone about it. He proceeded to pull down my fatigue trousers and boxer shorts then suck my flacid penis while he masturbated.

I should have kneed his face, I should had slammed my elbow into the back of his neck, I should have given him an uppercut when he reached for my belt buckle... I was strong and this SFC was maybe twice my age, but the sheer power he exhibited when he shoved and held me pinned against the wall of the camper shook me to my core...and his position and reputation in the company was immense in my view at the time... I felt dumbfounded. I felt weak and very much afraid.

I was both terrified of him, but also too ashamed to come forward. The thought that I wouldn’t be believed was very much a factor as well. He had so much day to day power over me it felt like a nightmare.

Do I understand why so many victims are afraid to report sexual assaults? Only too well.

Can it screw up your head? Yes, very much so. This happened to me over 40 years ago and I still have the nightmares...and they’re usually of a similar theme: feeling powerless.
Sorry. I thought you were assaulted when you were a boy. Didn't know you were assaulted between 21 and 26. Were the other at that age too when they assaulted you? Or were they much older, like 40's?
👍
[removed]
I’ve been groped by older men for sure. And had some weird incidents as young as 11/12. My moms boyfriend was getting really weird about tickling me. Thankfully for all of my mother’s faults she happily never saw him again after that.
Female survivor here, aged 5-11, by a man who wasn't related but was an "uncle". 

He was a bad man.

We were children.

We have nothing to be ashamed of. We did nothing wrong to invite it or deserve it. 

I still blame myself, and am working through that in therapy. I still am ashamed and internalizing those events. But my perceptions of it were orchestrated by him, and aren't valid.

You are a good person and didn't deserve that. 

I'm sorry if anyone has invalidated your experience. I'd like to cancel out at least one invalidation. I believe you and your pain is real. 

PM if you want.
[deleted]
I was in martial arts at one point in my life. I’ve got really fucked up arches and ankles and spend most of my time with ankle injuries.
I actually enrolled in boxing the next week and have been training ever since. I hope it kicks in if I ever need it but honestly it’s just been instrumental in working through the guilt and pain so I’m grateful for it.
I think it's all about not letting anger eat you up. As a father, I'd rate my own parents as "abusive", physically and emotionally, though nothing that would get me on Oprah. The ways I compensated for the self-worth issues that gave me may not have been optimal (the power of creativity to give you sort of celebrity/cred as a kid - "wow you drew that? Wow, you can play "stairway to heaven" AND THE SOLO on guitar??") - led me to a really awesome life when I finally got more emotionally healthy. I wake up in shock every day - awesome kids, amazing grand daughter, awesome wife, cool creative self-employment and now a more fine-arts path that may actually support me - I'm like "who the fuck gets to live this way??" (and I'm not "wealthy", just happy as hell). So I almost want to thank my parents in a weird way.

I know some abuse can be terribly hard to do the "make lemonade from lemons" thing with and I'm not negating people struggling with that. But extraordinary circumstances can lead to an extraordinary life - the work it takes to do that is unique in every case. So I wish you the best!
Hey, thanks so much for sharing this. I've never considered how some men might be affected by that common idea (pedophile's as abuse victims) and how it might stop them talking about what they went through.
Getting raped by the opposite sex is different from the same sex..
No it isn't. Rape is rape regardless of what gender the rapist or victim is.
I never said it wasn't rape..
You said it was different. It isn't. Rape is equally terrible no matter who is doing it or who the victim is.
Wrong
I'd rather get raped by a woman than by a man. It is very different.
I've been raped and molested by both women and men. Both were equally traumatizing and terrifying incidents. It's easy for you to make that assumption knowing you've never been in that situation. You have the comfort of not knowing how it feels while lots of us have to live with the awful reality. One type of rape is not worse or better than any other. To think that is pure ignorance on your part.
You've been raped by both, have you?
Didn't realize you had to go through something to know how it would feels but ok.
Some people are capable of figuring it out without experiencing it, but you obviously aren't one of them.

Summary:
I am not that thing.
I am so, so sorry.
Even if you do tell people are not supportive.
You don't think her doing that to me is rape?
You forgive them for yourself.
You are not that thing.
You matter and I believe you.
I am so sorry you have been made to feel this way.
I am so, so sorry you have been made to feel this way.
I don’t think about those people every day.
I know what you’re going through.
You dont need to like the person.
Now I understand why people don’t report.
I mean like real understanding.
It’s something you never really understand until it happens to you.
I never said it wasn't rape..
It’s like people think that forgiving someone is always healthy.
I'm so sorry that happened to you.
I thought you were assaulted when you were a boy.
Because what he did to me I don’t have to ever forgive if I don’t want to.
I don’t understand their mentality.
What did it feel like to you?
I will not ever stop being angry when this comes up.
I'm sorry it happened to you and I'm sorry you had your experiences invalidated.
And yet there’s still people telling me I need to forgive.
Sorry about what you had to go through.
I know what you mean with saying youre only coming to terms with it now.
I at first wanted to talk to my aunt about it, but don't know what good would come of it.
There’s nothing I can get out of forgiving the people who I don’t want to forgive or believe in forgiving.
You are a survivor and no one can tell you that are doing that wrong.
So I wish you the best!
I told him about the babysitter.
I have two people I feel good about not forgiving.
I don’t get sad anymore.
Validate their feelings and they will come to you with them.
You said it was different.
I'm a male sexual assault victim as well.
You deserve so much more.
I also like to camp now.
It’s not a requirement to forgive those people.
I pretended for 40 years.
I still am not comfortable using terms for what happened to me.
I've been raped and molested by both women and men.
No, they just don’t understand.
And if I share my own abuse during my childhood, as I've tried, you just get treated differently.
And it never gets easier.
I also was assaulted by a male family member.
I'm sorry the world has let you down.
Forgiveness is a weird thing.
I believe you and your pain is real.
It is never too late to share your truth, but I understand what you mean.
You are a good person and didn't deserve that.
It's horrible that they treat these situations like that.
I'm sorry if anyone has invalidated your experience.
I think it's all about not letting anger eat you up.
That he’s a good person deep down and I should forgive him or I’m unhealthy

Fuck that.
I hope you are able to find the support that you deserve.
I still blame myself, and am working through that in therapy.
There are people who will believe you every time, no matter what.
