Original Response:
The picture of Morrison with a hunk of coal is probably going to be the defining photo of his prime ministership tbh
ScoalMo
One thing you've got to appreciate about our illustrious new leader.  His name is very versatile
And he wasn't even PM when he held it
Oh, it's coal. I thought it was a big choko.
Look at the adoration in his face. He really does idolise it - which is fitting, because it's a representation of his one true god. Greed.
Way things are going, it'll probably end up his PM portrait.
Avocado.
Labor missed the opportunity when he pulled that stunt. Should have thrown him a box of matches and told him to light it up and show everyone how safe it actually was when used in the way they intended it to be.
Labor has to play soft on the coal thing because a lot of their MPs are actually very pro-coal, including this one who weirdly endorsed Abbott’s plan to build new coal power stations. 

https://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/labor-mp-backs-neg-with-new-coal-plants/news-story/f1a6756abe26d4e78ffa99ca06f6fb56
Labor has to play soft on pretty much everything because if they're seen as too left-wing they'll lose votes to the liberals and if they're seen as too right-wing they'll lose votes to the greens. So we end up with a party that's terrified to do anything even slightly controversial.
We can hope.
The classic problem with being a centrist party
My problem with that is, if Labor isn't going to use their platform to try to shift the swing voters opinion on a policy area (eg. whether coal is good or bad) then how the fuck are they going to change the policy of the country?

They aren't going to win every election ever, so they might as well fight to drag the acceptable boundary of debate by taking clear stances.

Palaszczuk for example capitulated in 2015, saying Adani was "great for regional jobs". If instead she'd said "coal is on the way out and it's time QLD move into other industries" yeah she may have lost seats in the 2017 election, but some barnacles in people's brains might have been chipped off, moving the state's aggregate view towards believing in a post-coal QLD.
More slowly. Rudd made attempts, but the Mineral Council ended him. There is still a marked difference in their coal policy compared to the Libs, though. They're not pushing for new state-funded coal power plants, at least.
Green on the outside, green on the inside...
Lol a big lump of coal doesn't just explode or catch into a large fire. Coal was historically useful because it burns very slowly, with little smoke or flames, but stays extremely hot.

The real bad effects of coal are long term, things you can't see in parliament: climate change, black lung disease etc.

Of course, ***Scomo knows this***...
Exactly.

The Mining Industry spent $22 Million on their 6 week campaign to kill the MRRT in 2010. That's a one sided election campaign on one single policy.
But they aren't running a cohesive argument *why* we don't want new coal plants.

The Mineral Council not thinking the Labor party is a big enough threat to throw money at keeping them out is a bad sign.
And they're not even centrist
What are they then? They sure ain't left-wing.
centre-left lot of lefties in there.
They pretty much are nowadays.
Apparently the portraits have to be done in order- KRudd is dragging his heels on his so Julia &amp; Tony haven't been done yet. There's going to be a lot of catching up to do once Rudd does his.
Maybe if you're on the extreme left.
It's no longer economically viable, and that's really clear when Tones wants the government to fund it. I don't think they need to be super clear when Tones and his mates are putting forward complete nonsense. Nobody is convinced when the alternatives are cheaper.
Centre-right. They still hold neoliberal values, they're just not as gung-ho about it as the Coalition.
Reminds me of how Madame Tussaud’s has said they’re not gonna do Australian PMs anymore because there’s been too damn many of them. 

Ed: I think they should just make one body with 6 heads.
That's what i thought. They are still very neoliberal.
Hence the proliferation of coal braziers.
[deleted]
[deleted]
They should do one of Rupert Murdoch seeing as he calls so many of the shots.
mines are union dominated workplaces.
Murdoch actually owns a large part of the Madam Tussauds parent company.
I love this. Scomo's choko.
Of course he does...
Or if like yourself your extreme right and probably consider One Nation a centrist party or even a bunch of lefties
Do you hate being wrong all the time?
Just going by your post history mate. You lean a long way right of the general Australian public.
You mean to the r/australia subscribers.
Fuck!
He deserves to be scoalded
🙄

I wish I could see politics as simplistically  as you.
the heads can be interchangeable, like sitting on a shelf next to the display and you can pick which one you want to be photographed with.

or it can be one head with six different faces and you spin the neck and have to take your picture with whatever it lands on.
&gt; the heads can be interchangeable, like sitting on a shelf next to the display and you can pick which one you want to be photographed with.

The old roman method, instead of commissioning a full upper body they just had interchangeable torsos and heads you could swap around whenever the old head of the household kicked it or help keep up with the Jovians whenever they got a new full one.

Not like there's a lot of difference in what they'll be wearing nowadays either.
Coalmole!

Summary:
They are still very neoliberal.
There's going to be a lot of catching up to do once Rudd does his.
And they're not even centrist.
the heads can be interchangeable, like sitting on a shelf next to the display and you can pick which one you want to be photographed with.
Way things are going, it'll probably end up his PM portrait.
I thought it was a big choko.
&gt; the heads can be interchangeable, like sitting on a shelf next to the display and you can pick which one you want to be photographed with.
