Original Response:
Yes, yes it is crazy.
just like how it was kinda crazy to think vegas would make the playoffs before last season started
Yes, yes that was crazy as well.
I mean it was still crazy to think, crazy doesn't mean *impossible*. Vegas *did* beat the odds significantly, I don't think that can be argued
Which it was. It was crazy to think a team of guys teams had to let go for free would be so dominant that they would make it to the playoffs, much less play as well as they did once there.
durrr it's statistically possible so therefore my argument can stand durrrrr

vegas got a ton of talented players, ottawa has fuck all outside like 3 guys.
A lot of those players would never have been let go under the old rules. Plus questionable traded with Vegas by other GMs. They ended up with a good team. It wasn't a fluke.

I don't understand why people are so surprised they made the playoffs. The draft was designed to do that. Turns out 10 years of being shit doesn't make successful expansion teams.
wow
Having a bad day?
I mean William Karlsson scored 70% of his career goals in 31% of his career games, adding 37 goals to his previous season total. I can't wait to see him hit 80 next year, shits gonbe lit.
I mean I saw guys on that team that were obviously capable of being good but I didn't think Schmidt would be a top guy for another couple years or so. I'm sure everybody else saw guys like that from their team they knew had potential but it was still an absolute Cinderalla run. Nobody on that team is as good as Kopitar or Doughty and Quick is the better goalie than Fleury every year except this one. Would you take any of the Knights over Carter either? The Kings are deep and that series, man, the fact they swept LA is still fuckin ludicrous to me.
I would think a Caps fan would see that is irrelevant more than anyone else.

Out of all the stacked teams you guys have had it was the year you were expected to take a little step back that you won it all.

This isn't basketball. "I have more stars" isn't a guaranteed win or even reasonably assured.
Ya they played their system but lets not pretend the Caps dont have stars. The big guys finally stepped up and role players played their roles. I think they're still pretty stacked. Top 3 in the league 1 2 punches at center, best goal scorer in the league, Oshie and a vezina winning goal keeper to back it all up. You have to have the right game plan and the difference makers. I know its not basketball a 7 game series is often taken almost all the way and thats why a sweep over a team thats 4 years out of their last cup with a pretty similar roster is so insane.
What if his increase is exponential and not linear and instead of scoring just 37 more goals again, he scores 202 follow the 5x rate again? What answer could the league possibly have for that. WE can't rule out any possibility at this point.
We certainly can't rule it out
Schmidt replacing Alzner was the turning point of our series two years ago IMHO. He looked great. I badly wanted the Leafs to push for him.

Summary:
Yes, yes it is crazy.
I mean it was still crazy to think, crazy doesn't mean *impossible*.
I think they're still pretty stacked.
just like how it was kinda crazy to think vegas would make the playoffs before last season started.
