Original Response:
All the admiration for him aside, if the CEO is still working this hands on with his own company.. I don't see how it's a good sign.

Yeah, he needs to be driven and ambitious no doubt, but it is not his job to be on the front lines in everything right now
You don't sit by and do nothing when you are apart of things as big as what he is doing.
Facts. Sure it’s a little overboard but it’s truly his passion. I don’t think he wants to do anything else lol
There is also the motto 'less is more'. The more he is around the more fallable he becomes to employees. The more mistakes he makes, the more human he appears. Suddenly he goes from God like CEO with that aurora around him to that lingering smell who isn't all hes cracked up to be
There is a middle ground between do nothing and the ridiculous hours he works.
The middle ground is when you go home at 6pm then so does everyone else.  

How are you going to expect others to push themselves if you can't do it yourself and you are entirely capable and have FAR more resources than they do?
The middle ground is you work as long as you are productive. Maybe it's 6pm. Maybe it's 10pm. If you are falling asleep and are so tired that you can't focus, you go home. It's clearly affecting his mental state as he has been saying ridiculous shit. There is also a limit to how far most employeed can push themselves. At some point you hire more people. Good managers know how to set reasonable expectations. If you want more, pay more.
Money is not unlimited, time is.  When you get tired you sleep, which he is.

Stop being a pussy.
Lol so I am a pussy because I understand that there are issues when a guy works 120 hours and needs Ambien to sleep? I guess I'll be a pussy and tell any boss who expects me to work more for free to fuck off. Fuck being underpaid and overworked like most of Musk's workers. If someone wants me to work ridiculous hours, they better pay me a ridiculous salary.
I say stop being a pussy then you go and be one.

If you want a job, go get one.  If you want to change the world join SpaceX/Tesla.
How am I being a pussy? I don't want a job. I quit mine recently. I am working on my own venture. There are many companies that are also changing the world and doing great shit. You can change the world without being underpaid and working ridiculous hours.
Doesn’t matter. Thousands of jobs and investors money are at stake.
&gt;If you want to change the world join SpaceX/Tesla.

Yeah! You tell 'em! Those are the only companies that are changing the world alright.

Sounds like someone with Stockholm Syndrome justifying their decision to work for a tireless boss.
It can be argued that current Tesla isn't changing the world anymore. Electric cars are here to stay.  Cars like the I-Pace are legit contenders and the way forward (supercharger networks and the like) seems clear. 

They had a definite impact in bringing this about though.
I never said they were, you sound like someone who isn't very smart.
You should Google for the job description of a CEO, and then for the job description of every employee at Tesla, lol
People here don't care. They think companies are made to exploit employees and appease shareholders.
Companies do actually have a fiduciary duty to their shareholders. That’s not a “people here believe” thing, that’s just a thing.
If he's working this long, realistically it isn't about productivity but about showing solidarity with the other people he's pushing to work insane hours along with him.
at least he isn't playing golf. he's available

having said that can we stop fetishing elon musk? he's impressive but he's not worthy of so much scrutiny, or worse, adulation
Or to set the tone that the expectation is to work ridiculous overtime.
said by someone that clearly has not fired a "Not A Flamethrower"
Which is stupid. Because study after study has shown that working consistently long hours reduces productivity and contributes to worker attrition.

Work smart. Not long.
!RedditSilver
are you even remotely implying that St. Musk is exploiting people? /s
He’s not even really impressive. He’s a decent hype man, but a terrible leader. 

He ignores all the science supporting how to support human productivity.
&gt; Which is stupid. Because study after study has shown that working consistently long hours reduces productivity and contributes to worker attrition.

Yes, yes it is -- at least if you're not doing manual labor.  But Musk has built a culture of workaholism and hopefully will come out of this with some pungent lessons about how bad an idea that is. 

If you're already pushing people as hard as you can, there's *nothing left* if you need even more to overcome an obstacle such as the ramp-up for the Model 3 launch.
Two sides of the same coin, my friend.
The continuous work is fine, but the lack of sleep is not.  He needs to get more sleep.  He's destroying his mind by not permitting himself a rational amount of sleep.
'terrible' leader is a stretch. Some people are genuinely, truly brilliant and have incredible belief in their own vision. A lot of people just pretend to be that kind of person. Its really not that hard to spot a fake when you look at real-world accomplishments and dedication, instead of just words. Elon's words (eg. twitter) are not always the most helpful, but his work ethic is inspiring to a lot of people who feel solidarity when their leader takes a personal toll b/c of that ethic. Its not for everyone, and many people need their leaders to do other things to make them feel comfortable. A lot of people prefer to see their leader play golf instead of put some real sweat and tears into what they profess to care about, because winning or something.
!RedditPoop
People at SpaceX and Tesla are highly driven by the mission, extremely energetic, very smart, and they work focused long hours.  There is a lot of turnover due to burnout.  This is the only way to accomplish the borderline impossible things they’ve done.  Citing “study after study” is a complete joke, you just have to look at their results.  Do these academics have their car orbiting the sun?
This is America dude all about that face time.
Quit hogging the Kool-Aid!
No, but those academics can actually secure funding when they say “funding secured”.
Engineers need to use their minds.
They can't use their minds at their full potential, their biggest asset, the thing that makes those companies work if they don't sleep well.

Same thing applies to Elon being a CEO, constantly in the public eye, constantly expected a lot from very smart people, etc. He needs to be at his best, and sleeping under desks, not sleeping at all some days is not exactly gonna do him any favors.
Yeah I was about to say, this just makes me think he isn't as smart as everyone thinks he is. My first thought reading this was how stupid that seems to be, knowing what we do about the human mind and how it operates thus far.
Unfortunately society, especially America, wasn't designed to be in favor of that concept.
Maybe he is setting the tone that it is OK to sleep at work if you want to.
Leading your people to less productive processes so they match your inability to self manage is bad leadership. 

His only vision is a car company that is faltering to gain any stability, an engineering company that survives on grants, and treating really talented people like shit while he pretends sleeping under a desk is work.
[deleted]
He should learn to delegate more and micromanage less. Show that he can trust and promote others to take work off his shoulders.
Oh, he's plenty smart, but he's not wise lately and I think it's because he's a fellow manic depressive.  He usually is operating in the hypomanic range which some people can do their whole life almost.   He's burning his candle at both ends with a blowtorch.   He's trying to take on all comers by himself.  Running multiple companies, dad to kids, romantic complication, lots of enemies and lots of genuinely concerned investors.   So he starts getting less and less sleep and then he's destabilized.  He spirals and is all over the place.   I really wish somebody close to him could help him right now.  When you don't sleep right you do real damage and you risk a full break.   One example, if he's being found asleep in different places I know he's not resting well.   We know from sleep studies that your first night in a new sleep location is not good sleep because your brain stays on alert mode not trusting new surroundings.   He would do much better to sleep in a good bed where he's secure physically and mentally.  He can even have more than one of these locations, but falling asleep at a desk or on the floor, no, big red flag.

&amp;#x200B;

Back to smart and foolish, so many of these super driven successes build a myth around themselves that they are smarter, tougher, just cut from a different cloth.... and maybe sometimes it's even part true, but we all age.  Nobody escapes.   The all nighter that seemed doable at 21is not feasible at 47.   Then the really foolish refuse to accept any declines and turn to drugs and supposed performance enhancers, some of these might work for a bit, but I don't know of anything that can let you skip sleep long term.   Stimulants lead to psychosis, heart failure, lasting damage when done too much.   A wise leader sets the course and holds people accountable, inspires greatness.   Elon doesn't need to sleep on a floor to do this.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
I'm not saying you're wrong but a lot of people, including myself, can perform fairly well without observing standard circadian rhythms. I will often sleep in 4-6 hour segments and prefer to sleep at work when I have a lot on my plate as I'm able to get restful sleep anywhere. Developing core strength and hip drive to promote good sleep posture removes a lot of the risk for physical side effects. 



I really enjoy my work doing technical design and find it engaging and challenging so sleeping at work to do a project isn't dedication pageantry. I wouldn't ask anyone under me to do the same, and I don't ask for more from the people over me. I don't lord it over anyone, but I'm far more comfortable getting a cycle on a concrete floor with a water bottle pillow than I am commuting home and back when I really just wanna kick ass at work.
You're hired!
Tesla/SpaceX might be the only company I'd consider switching jobs for. We have a smaller version of the robotic arms they use in their current automation nightmare factory, but I'm fairly new to 6-axis robotics. :(
I upvoted you, but that really sounds like corporate propaganda for abusing employees and not hiring enough talent.   NASA certainly worked crazy hard back in the day, but I never heard of Tesla style erratic behavior from leadership.   Don't remember reading that people only stuck around a couple years on average.   In fact, some of the highest stress jobs at NASA were held for decades by key players.   

&amp;#x200B;

What I mean about money for talent and staffing might be easy to visualize if you think of a big custom house getting built.  There are lots of physical things that need doing and there are lots of bureaucratic things too.  And all of the tasks need to be coordinated and managed for quality and completion.   If you want great quality you don't want to rush too much, cause that's how corners get cut and honest inspectors shut you down.   But if you want the project to move at a respectable pace, you subcontract with firms who have the manpower needed.   Now if you simply put out calls to all the union halls for guys to show up and pay at the higher than market rate, things would go somewhat faster, but only to a point cause there's a natural progression to a home.  You can't have the drywallers show up before the framing is done, etc..   Or as Warren Buffett has said, "You can get 9 women pregnant but you won't get a bay in a month."  Or something like that...

&amp;#x200B;

Back to SpaceX, I think the reusable rocket with the landing itself is awesome.  Truly.   But putting something into orbit has been well understood and implemented since the 1950s.  What did you find amazing?  The PR Stunt with the car?   I thought it was cooler when there were cosmonauts and astronauts and they orbited and came back to earth.
Never know mate doesn't hurt to apply, sounds like you'd be a good fit for the job.
Maybe if you’re a layman. Elon is not and is capable of far more.
I agree with you in pretty much all circumstances. But I do think that Tesla and SpaceX are different in a few regards. For one people that work there know what they will be doing. And especially in this case these are very talented people that could get a job anywhere and choose this. To be part of it, to get it on their resume etc.

This is really different than Walmart squeezing retail workers or Amazon and their warehouse staff.
Hard for me to know if the management culture at those places needs to be that way or if it evolved in the mirror image of the founder.  Plenty of cutting edge employers who are doing unprecedented tech work don't have this style of management.  Yes, I realize that Google and Apple do the seductive approach to really squeezing their new people by coddling and spoiling a bit.  The old, hey, it's okay that I'm here 6 days a week for at least 10 or 12 cause they buy me lunch and dinner....

We have other aerospace companies in the U.S. and you just don't hear about the same level of burnout and the CEO sleeping at random desks after ingesting various substances.   I really like Elon, but I hope he has some trusted friends or family to help him see the danger in what he's doing to himself (and his companies).   Tesla's success won't depend on Elon sleeping under desks more often, in fact I'd say the opposite.   And churning through people is inefficient use of most prized resources.  Hiring and firing and the fallout of firing or forcing to quit, all bad mojo.
low hanging fruit point
&gt;  The old, hey, it's okay that I'm here 6 days a week for at least 10 or 12 cause they buy me lunch and dinner....

I am not explaining my point right, I think. From what I understand most of these people are very young. They do this for fun for a couple of years and then move on for jobs at companies that are more "stable"

But yes, what he's doing now is not healthy or helpful.
Legend has it that he works most effectively when asleep.
Dude was a founder of PayPal, created SpaceX, and turned Tesla into what it is. 

You don’t find that impressive?
Space X is a crap version of Boeing or Lockheed Martin. 

Tesla is not profitable so he hasn’t even created an actual company there yet. 

PayPal was good, but it was. A natural product of the time certainly not visionary. 

He’s done big stuff, but he’s not even a glimmer of what he could have been were he an actual lead instead of a just good hype man for raising capital.
Haha okay, bro.
It doesn't work that way.  Those people would probably prefer to go home more often and their boss sleeping in weird places is just weird.
[deleted]
Here, I think you dropped this:  /s
[Working around the clock is a status symbol.](https://www.businessinsider.com/working-all-the-time-is-a-status-symbol-2015-6)
What is hip drive?
It's really weird b cause it used to be a status symbol to be so well off that you had a lot of free time.
Someone like Musk that’s truly an insanely productive guy can probably get more out of 20 hour days than the random sample of people that were productive for 8 hours a day. Capacity matters.
Or a sign of mental illness. Mania/hypomania often presents as getting very little sleep and expending way more energy/pursuing work that is not necessarily productive.
I think probably it's the other way around: the lack of sleep and insane hours are taking a toll on Musk's sanity and that manifests as manic and unpredictable behavior.  He's been very open about the personal price he's paying in interviews. 

Also he was driven and energetic before the Tesla Model 3 launch but didn't come off like a crazy person then.
This should become a copypasta.
If I say in short and sweet, you need to check earlier career of Elan. He has started his career in this type of situation and created a Paypal. After selling it, he has invested for Tesla and SpaceX. And after a long drive, he is here where his team did many unrealistic things.  


Innovation is never done by normal action. You need to do something different to stay away from crowd.  


And that Elan is doing !!  


Otherwise no one can think about car like model 3 under $40,000 !! Hope we support him to do such a innovations!
Hypomania is super attractive to most people- it makes you productive, creative, energetic, passionate, even magnetic. 

It can flip into mania after trauma or significantly increased stress. 

We will never know either way, but the startup/tech view of grind until you die needs to end.
You act like starting an electric car company from scratch and building rocket ships is easy. Or that to get to the point he's at now isn't impressive. You know, it's possible to criticize someone without diminishing his accomplishments. He's gotten further with these two ventures than 99.9% of the world could.
Great insight.
The problem with people like Musk is that they assume that everyone must be able to run like that. It’s an inability to get out of one’s head and understand how truly individual we are.
Its the humping motion. He was talking about hunping pillows.
NASA has way cooler stuff in our solar system.  NASA would never waste resources putting a car in orbit.. They actually have science stuff to do!


The truth is that Tesla and SpaceX don't have the same resources that say Apple does. They literally cannot afford to hire another 5000 engineers, Apple could do that in a heartbeat.  So Tesla and SpaceX need to push their teams much harder.
The Model 3 is not under $40K, they sell for 50. He promises that someday the cheaper ones will be available. But at the moment he can't make them cheap
He seems to be bipolar. If so this could end very badly.
Anyone who could build just one company that did a fraction of the revenue that any of the companies Elon’s been directly involved with - would be considered impressive. No he’s not Jesus, Iron Man, the smartest business man who ever lived...you don’t even have to like or respect the guy.

However, to say he hasn’t accomplished anything impressive is ridiculous. 

I would even say that his ability to put pressure on the big automakers to shift their thinking on electric cars has been impressive. No he’s not the first, but he’s been a big factor in applying the pressure.
but ..but.. but.. they reused a rocket?

I hate this stupid line of thinking. Reusing rockets has never been an issue, the issue is that the cost of doing so makes doing it impractical. Since Space X financials are not public, I seriously doubt that Space X is able to do it.

And Tesla sending a car into space is fucking retarded. Didn't we all agree that space advertising should not be allowed? Oh, that's right, "Tesla doesn't advertise". Instead now we get a car in space that has to be tracked forever (well until it crashes back into the Earth) and all the paint flecks, and other junk coming off the car only adds to the problem of Space trash, presenting very real barriers to, you know... actual science... But yes let's all listen to the science bros who tell us how super cool Elon is and how much better than NASA he is.

Fuck Elon, and fuck his shitty cult
He really was asking for it Pedo guy
Wow, a guy who is working 2.5x as long can get more done? Groundbreaking stuff there...
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah, but once we realized we would never be well off, then it became about working hours.
The person I replied to said that doesn’t work like that. Something about smarter not harder. I argue that splitting menial tasks between high and low competent people in search of equity damages everyone long term. The low competent person (IQ &lt; 80 ) is not helping anyone by being a scientist and the high competent person (IQ &gt;115 ) helps no one by cleaning beakers.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Because he's in Matrix?

https://gfycat.com/wetunsteadybeardeddragon
To be completely fair, the tweet did say he was just thinking of it, though it does seem that funding wasn’t a done deal at that point in time.
[deleted]
You know how you make sure you don't have janitors fucking with beakers, and Einsteins pushing a broom? By hiring competent fucking management that's how. At best that is the CEO's job. Provide a vision, ensure goals, accountability, ya know big picture shit.
You can't "think funding secure" without funding being secured. Thinking about getting funding and having funding already is pretty easy to distinct.

No one would be that big of an idiot to buy up a money pit while not having much control with a raging egomaniac at the helm. It's not only the initial purchase but the continual money injections with no signs of profit in sight.
He didn't start Tesla and it's not like he built rockets from scratch. Bezo being able to build a rocket company proved if you have enough money to throw at a problem, you can solve it.  Bezos didn't need to read tons of rocket textbooks to prove he's super smart either!

If any of us had the same starting amount without zero conscience about raping the government for funds, we could accomplish similar results.

I could start tons of companies that make no profits as well.
&gt;He didn't start Tesla 

Tesla was nothing before him.

&gt;and it's not like he built rockets from scratch. Bezo being able to build a rocket company proved if you have enough money to throw at a problem, you can solve it.  Bezos didn't need to read tons of rocket textbooks to prove he's super smart either!

Bezos is worth $165 billion. Musk was a failed rocket launch from going bankrupt back when SpaceX was starting out and is intimately involved in the engineering and design of the rockets, while Bezos is not.

You think Bezos doesn't read? Are you attempting to shame Musk for reading to better himself? Lol wow.

&gt;If any of us had the same starting amount without zero conscience about raping the government for funds, we could accomplish similar results.

Absolutely garbage opinion. The opinion of someone that's probably never tried to accomplish anything significant in his life. Musk didn't start with anything. He was an immigrant that nearly went bankrupt multiple times. He is as self-made a billionaire as there ever was.

&gt;I could start tons of companies that make no profits as well.

Companies worth billions? Laughable. No you couldn't.
The business sub's main content is shit billionaires say and do...
How old are you ? Because you know this isn't how the world works.

Nobody hires you or determines what job you'll do based on your IQ.
And you can have IQ and be incompetent and vice versa. In fact often it's people with average IQ and amazing EQ who succeed.
&gt; Tesla was nothing before him.

And it still is with him. The output is laughable by even his own measure as he struggles to even hit his own arbitrary goals.

&gt; Bezos is worth $165 billion. Musk was a failed rocket launch from going bankrupt back when SpaceX was starting out and is intimately involved in the engineering and design of the rockets, while Bezos is not.

&gt;You think Bezos doesn't read? Are you attempting to shame Musk for reading to better himself? Lol wow.

Remember that part about raping government for funds - you're only pointing out using the Space X example. Space X hasn't done anything revolutionary. Reusing rockets was possible decades ago. Companies don't do it because it's not economically feasible. Also, it almost went bankrupted at his helm. How's solar city working out?

In terms of Bezos, of course he reads, but he doesn't brag about it like Elon does and think he has a hand in every engineering feat. He lets people who are actually has expertise do the work. You see Bezos holding a pity party at his warehouse pretending to pack Amazon shipments?

&gt; Absolutely garbage opinion. The opinion of someone that's probably never tried to accomplish anything significant in his life. Musk didn't start with anything. He was an immigrant that nearly went bankrupt multiple times. He is as self-made a billionaire as there ever was.

Just like your opinionated statement. If Musk came from what I have, I doubt he would be a billionaire either. My parents weren't owners of diamond mines or even functionally literate. We all get dealt the cards we have. I don't need to jerk him off like you do.

&gt; Companies worth billions? Laughable. No you couldn't.

Based on book value, Tesla is actually worth less than zero, so actually, yes I can. Only dummies like you want to keep propping him up while he burns your money through public offerings. Unfortunately, I don't have a choice since he likes to raid government funding. He's already on to the next scam, to build tunnels lol. Funding secure on that too?
&gt; NASA would never waste resources putting a car in orbit.

It's normal for a new rocket to be tested with a dummy payload. That's not a waste of resources, a waste would be risking a real satellite that might be worth hundreds of millions of dollars.

And yes, [NASA does the same thing](https://www.nasa.gov/centers/dryden/home/int_orion_status.html).
&gt;&gt; Tesla was nothing before him.
&gt;
&gt;And it still is with him. The output is laughable by even his own measure as he struggles to even hit his own arbitrary goals.

They pulled in $4 billion in revenue last quarter. They are far from profitable, but you're really attempting to argue they're no better off than when Musk took over? They're a globally recognized brand worth $50 billion. I'm sure you could do that in your sleep though, right? Lol

&gt;&gt; Bezos is worth $165 billion. Musk was a failed rocket launch from going bankrupt back when SpaceX was starting out and is intimately involved in the engineering and design of the rockets, while Bezos is not.
&gt;
&gt;&gt;You think Bezos doesn't read? Are you attempting to shame Musk for reading to better himself? Lol wow.
&gt;
&gt;Remember that part about raping government for funds - you're only pointing out using the Space X example. Space X hasn't done anything revolutionary. Reusing rockets was possible decades ago.

Bullshit. No one did it. Musk did it. Therefore it was revolutionary. How is he raping the government? You're using hyperbolic words intentionally because your argument sucks so you need to exaggerate to seem like you have a point. Does Lockheed Martin "rape" the government too with their government contracts? 

&gt;Companies don't do it because it's not economically feasible. Also, it almost went bankrupted at his helm.

It is economically feasible, as shown by Musk. So at first you're saying any rich person can build a rocket company and now you're blaming Musk for not having enough money initially to start it up? You're just looking for stuff to be mad about. You arguments suck ass.

&gt;How's solar city working out?

It was bought out by Tesla. What's your point?

&gt;In terms of Bezos, of course he reads, but he doesn't brag about it like Elon does and think he has a hand in every engineering feat. He lets people who are actually has expertise do the work. You see Bezos holding a pity party at his warehouse pretending to pack Amazon shipments?

You're equating packing shipments to designing rockets? Do you know that Musk is also the Chief Designer at SpaceX? Another fucking dumbass point.

&gt;&gt; Absolutely garbage opinion. The opinion of someone that's probably never tried to accomplish anything significant in his life. Musk didn't start with anything. He was an immigrant that nearly went bankrupt multiple times. He is as self-made a billionaire as there ever was.
&gt;
&gt;Just like your opinionated statement. If Musk came from what I have, I doubt he would be a billionaire either. My parents weren't owners of diamond mines or even functionally literate. We all get dealt the cards we have. I don't need to jerk him off like you do.

I'm jerking him off for pointing out that it's absolutely retarded to think anyone could do what Musk has? No, it's not just like my statements, because my statements aren't fucking stupid.

&gt;&gt; Companies worth billions? Laughable. No you couldn't.
&gt;
&gt;Based on book value, his company is actually worth less than zero, so actually, yes I can. Only dummies like you want to keep propping him up while he burns your money through public offerings. Unfortunately, I don't have a choice since he likes to raid government funding. He's already on to the next scam, to build tunnels lol. Funding secure on that too?

I don't own any of his stock. Can't wait to see you start your multiple billion dollar company though. C'mon dude, you're just a temporarily embarrassed billionaire definitely not an insecure loser that has to criticize successful people to make himself feel better about his lack of accomplishments.
The tweet is open to interpretation.  I can argue that the tweet was conditional, and that was established from the start where he used the words “thinking”.  Regardless of whether the funding was there or not, the implementation still hinged on the whim of his own decision, not just the state of the funding. But, that’s just my opinion.

Any buyer of stock needs to own up and beware of the possible consequences, just hold on and wait, or just take the loss as a tax write off and be done with it.
That is not the "same" thing. NASA actually tested something they are going to use. Having to something custom for a Roadster VS a dummy crew module designed to emulate an actual crew module. The work put into the roadster is not reusable. SpaceX also spent resources on cameras and man hours to show everyone...
They didn't test anything they're going to use. That is a boilerplate, not an actual Orion capsule. They needed some cheap mass to stick on top of the rocket.

Now the purpose of the Ares 1 was to launch the Orion capsule, so they were able to make their dummy payload similar to that. The Falcon Heavy will launch all kinds of payloads with different sizes, shapes, and masses, so it doesn't make as much sense to spend time and money designing and building a specific boilerplate. So what's wrong with just using Elon's old car? Apparently the engineers at SpaceX thought it would work fine.
&gt; They pulled in $4 billion in revenue last quarter. They are far from profitable, but you're really attempting to argue they're no better off than when Musk took over? They're a globally recognized brand worth $50 billion. I'm sure you could do that in your sleep though, right? Lol

And yet 0 profit? What good is it? I can walk down the street and find a penny and it would be more profits than Tesla has made the last 15 years. Don't worry, Tesla won't make it through the decade. It'll be a brand bought up in bankruptcy.

&gt; Bullshit. No one did it. Musk did it. Therefore it was revolutionary. How is he raping the government? You're using hyperbolic words intentionally because your argument sucks so you need to exaggerate to seem like you have a point. Does Lockheed Martin "rape" the government too with their government contracts?

Both reusable rocket had been both invented and tested before SpaceX. How is he raping the government? Look at all his projects and even at Tesla itself. Tons of public funding from tax incentives from his factories to the car itself. Does Lockheed rape the government? Sometimes when they under deliver and out of budget which is synonymous with Musk. The point is that Musk only run to whatever industry has the public funding to pillage.

&gt; It is economically feasible, as shown by Musk. So at first you're saying any rich person can build a rocket company and now you're blaming Musk for not having enough money initially to start it up? You're just looking for stuff to be made about. You're arguments suck ass.

Economically feasible for a reusable rocket? By what standard? He certainly hasn't proven it. And yes, anyone with enough money could build a rocket company. Not sure how you can't process that. Don't let your blindness chang that fact.

&gt; It was bought out by Tesla. What's your point?

Another failed project that Musk got bored of after no more solar subsidizes.Also, his inability to make a profit.

&gt; You're equating packing shipments to designing rockets? Do you know that Musk is also the Chief Designer at SpaceX? Another fucking dumbass point.

You're right. Bezos wouldn't do something so stupid like plop himself on the line since he know how to manage and relinquish control to people who actually know what they are doing. Carry on sleeping on the floor of the factory as if it'll change anything. Also, since he owns space X, he can give himself any title. He can be magical rocket wizard if he wants. Such a stupid point about his "credentials".

&gt; I'm jerking him off for pointing out that it's absolutely retarded to think anyone could do what Musk has? No, it's not just like my statements, because my statements aren't fucking stupid.

Are you sure? Seems pretty stupid. No one else with the same standing does what Musk does because they don't have the ego and they like making money, not losing it. 

&gt; I don't own any of his stock. 

Good? Such a believer!

&gt; Can't wait to see you start your multiple billion dollar company though. C'mon dude, you're just a temporarily embarrassed billionaire definitely not an insecure loser that has to criticize successful people to make himself feel better about his lack of accomplishments.

I think point already has been proven that doesn't matter how you think overpriced projections may be worth. All that matters is profitability and that they have assets more than liabilities or at least enough income generated to continually fund operations. This requires a profit by the way or at least break even. They are failing on all accounts. 

Apparently, you need to be a billionaire to call bullshit nowadays and their stupid cult like believers. 

I could reverse your whole psychology bit and say that you worship snakeoil salesman like Musk because you haven't been able to accomplish anything significant  in your own life so you support him so that you will feel that you are a part of it and associate with him. Of course, virtue signaling to feel superiority when you didn't actually earn the right.
You're assuming the people who get hired at tesla fit in the middle of a bell curve. There are people who can remain productive for long hours. I imagine you wouldn't last long at a place like tesla without being one of those people.
!00% agree with you about people's personal decision to buy or not buy. 

However, you cannot be an executive of the company and put out false information leading to people think a certain action will take place. That is where Musk should be responsible for all damages. There are people who already had positions which lost money due to his word. 

Otherwise, you would just have people with huge stakes in a stock releasing false news to ramp up prices.

This can't be just seen as a "just kidding" situation. There is also intent and benefit for him to ramp up the price.
WORK SMARTER NOT HARDER
&gt;And yet 0 profit? What good is it? I can walk down the street and find a penny and it would be more profits than Tesla has made the last 15 years. Don't worry, Tesla won't make it through the decade. It'll be a brand bought up in bankruptcy.

So you're arguing that a $50 billion dollar company that generates billions in revenue isn't better off than when Musk took over? Amazon didn't turn a profit for decades. I'm guessing you're not a businessman.

&gt;Both reusable rocket had been both invented and tested before SpaceX. 

They didn't work. Elon's does. 

&gt;How is he raping the government? Look at all his projects and even at Tesla itself. Tons of public funding from tax incentives from his factories to the car itself. Does Lockheed rape the government? Sometimes when they under deliver and out of budget which is synonymous with Musk. The point is that Musk only run to whatever industry has the public funding to pillage.

There's nothing wrong with contracting with the government to provide a public service. If the government felt like it was being "raped" these subsidies and contracts wouldn't exist. They exist because they're mutually beneficial. You need to use the word "rape" because your point is weak. You act like the US government is the weak party in this relationship lol

&gt;Economically feasible for a reusable rocket? By what standard? He certainly hasn't proven it. 

Yes, he has, considering the federal government contracts with him to use his rockets.

&gt;And yes, anyone with enough money could build a rocket company. Not sure how you can't process that. Don't let your blindness chang that fact.

Oh so now we're back to Elon had unlimited money to start up SpaceX? I thought you just said he almost went bankrupt? Elon used the money he made from PayPal to keep it afloat and it worked. He didn't have $165 billion and a $1 trillion company like Bezos to just throw at something until it sticks. 

"Anyone with enough money" is such a dumbass answer since that could literally mean any amount of money. Yes, hypothetically, if "anyone" is gifted hundreds of billions of dollars "anyone" could start a rocket company. Too bad that's completely irrelevant to Elon.

&gt;Another failed project that Musk got bored of after no more solar subsidizes.Also, his inability to make a profit.

Musk didn't start or operate Solar City until it was bought out. Dumbass.

&gt;You're right. Bezos wouldn't do something so stupid like plop himself on the line since he know how to manage and relinquish control to people who actually know what they are doing. Carry on sleeping on the floor of the factory as if it'll change anything. Also, since he owns space X, he can give himself any title. He can be magical rocket wizard if he wants. Such a stupid point about his "credentials".

SpaceX is contracted by NASA. Seems like it worked pretty well.

&gt;
&gt;Are you sure? Seems pretty stupid. No one else with the same standing does what Musk does because they don't have the ego and they like making money, not losing it. 

Musk doesn't make money? He's worth $20 billion. One of the wealthiest people in the world. You're saying people with big egos don't do what Musk does... Because they don't want to be worth $20 billion? This might honestly be the dumbest point you've tried to make.

&gt;I think point already has been proven that doesn't matter how you think overpriced projections may be worth. All that matters is profitability and that they have assets more than liabilities or at least enough income generated to continually fund operations. This requires a profit by the way or at least break even. They are failing on all accounts. 

Ahh ok so some random dumbass redditor that thinks he can be a CEO of a multi billion dollar company is giving his opinion on what "matters." Did you tell all the investors that put in millions into Tesla? I think they'd want to hear from a genius like yourself.

&gt;Apparently, you need to be a billionaire to call bullshit nowadays and their stupid cult like believers. 

If you're going to say stupid shit like you could easily do what Elon Musk has done, than expect people to laugh in your face and ask why you aren't a billionaire yet. Quit crying.

&gt;I could reverse your whole psychology bit and say that you worship snakeoil salesman like Musk because you haven't been able to accomplish anything significant  in your own life so you support him so that you will feel that you are a part of it and associate with him. Of course, virtue signaling to feel superiority when you didn't actually earn the right.

At what point did I worship him? I'm simply calling you out on your bullshit. Musk isn't perfect, but he's been more successful than 99.9% of people and has taken on incredibly risky ventures in the process. I'm still curious though, since doing what he does is so easy and you claim you can do it, why haven't you done it so you can make billions too? C'mon dude, it's as simple as selling snake oil. Because everyone knows millionaire investors are easily fooled. 

You can't even stay consistent in your arguments, so I think it's quite clear who is irrationally angry and desperately floundering to find any valid criticism they can of a successful person that puts most people's accomplishments to shame. It's okay though, what he does is easy so I'm sure you'll be a billionaire tomorrow. Good luck!
&gt; So you're arguing that a $50 billion dollar company that generates billions in revenue isn't better off than when Musk took over? Amazon didn't turn a profit for decades. I'm guessing you're not a businessman.

You don't need to be a businessman to understand the difference between revenue and profit. This is why you fail to realize how idiotic you sound. While you're at it, go understand what market cap is also.

&gt;They didn't work. Elon's does.

Wtf is a space shuttle? They were also other companies that experimented with reusable rockets which landed vertically. It wasn't economically feasible to use and Space X still hasn't proven that could be. Just because the federal government is giving him money to based on his estimates doesn't mean it works. Government funds tons of stupid things.

&gt; Musk didn't start or operate Solar City until it was bought out. Dumbass.

No, but it is run by his cousins and he owned a majority stake. Considering the size of his stake was on the board and had a big hand in it. He had to essentially bail out the company to save his stake. 

&gt; SpaceX is contracted by NASA. Seems like it worked pretty well.

The race barely started. They have a long way to go to even match Boeing.

&gt; Musk doesn't make money? He's worth $20 billion. One of the wealthiest people in the world. You're saying people with big egos don't do what Musk does... Because they don't want to be worth $20 billion? This might honestly be the dumbest point you've tried to make.

No idea wtf you're saying. I only mentioned that people that are that rich don't do stupid things like he does on Twitter and call actual heroes pedophiles. They don't have such egos to Even your peabrain could understand that.

&gt; Ahh ok so some random dumbass redditor that thinks he can be a CEO of a multi billion dollar company is giving his opinion on what "matters." Did you tell all the investors that put in millions into Tesla? I think they'd want to hear from a genius like yourself.

Once again, being rich doesn't make you smart. He recently actions showned that you can still do dumbass things with above intelligence. Being rich doesn't give you a pass that you're automatically immune to criticism. No genius needed to understand that.

&gt; If you're going to say stupid shit like you could easily do what Elon Musk has done, than expect people to laugh in your face and ask why you aren't a billionaire yet. Quit crying.

He honestly hasn't done much except reap benefits for himself while marketing to people like you to worship him. He's one of those salesman who overpromises and underdelivers every time. 


Once again, I know you'll go run back to that he's rich, so he's successful. In your mind, which means he's better than you. If you look at his personal life, I am mounds more successful than him. It depends on your measurement. You need to compare things with context. If I compare Musk with Buffet, Musk is a chump. 

Arguments are pretty basic - that most of what he does is purely based on subsizidies provided by taxpayers which he purposely exploits, he always overpromises and undeliveries, takes credit for others work, most of his projects are gimmicks which has are based off old ideas and that he is a broken, petty man which should not be worshipped. Oh that and you don't understand the difference between revenue and profit. I repeat for your sake that you do not need to have more money than the person to critcize actual faults. 

I don't need to be a billionaire. Look at Musk, he is and he's still a piece of shit with shitty fanboys. Maybe one day, he can actual generate a profit without getting kicked out like his previous ventures.

With enough money, ANYONE can build a rocket company - Bezos proved that. It's making it profitable that matters and sets it apart.
As I can check, it is at $40 K. But still if you are thinking it is at $50 K, that's fine as no one giving this type of car on this rate in market.

Also playing with his health is subject him. We not need to interfere in it and make hard time more hard for him [if we can't support him in this situation].
I really like where your head is at. Instead of jumping onto negative reasons of who he is as a human, you have provided a list of very resonable and easy to follow steps that can lead any person to a negative outcome. I agree he is smart yet lacking in wisdom. I also think having a select one or two people very close to you that have the ability to let you know when you are heading down a path with some pretty existentially-negative outcomes is super important. It is so easy to get trapped in your own mind/world and when you succeed, you think you've done the right thing and need to keep pushing that. There are many forms of success and you can succeed in the same way with a different method that doesn't lead to a personal negative outcome, super hard though and I think very few people around the world accomplish such things, in such a positive way, to such a high a degree.


I'm a few months off 30 and the closer I get the more evident what you spoke about in your second paragraph becomes. The sleep thing is super important as well. I was homeless for a bit as a kid, and it's something I have noticed for a while that is super important to me; getting good sleep in a place your mind feels safe and comfortable. I feel the whole macho thing gets in the way a bit for some people (not wanting to admit any sort of weakness; I definitely still feel it on heaps of stuff), but I think it very necessary to admit these things to ourselves, especially when we have evidence based science indicating that safe and sound sleep is irreplacably good for you.

I apologise if not all of this makes sense, it's been a super long day at work, haha.
They refuse to sell any of the basic models. They are supposed to have a $35K model, but no one gets one. 

&gt;We not need to interfere in it

I'm not interested, just commenting.
Thanks man, made perfect sense.  You've got a good head on your shoulders already.
&gt;  Regardless of whether the funding was there or not, the implementation still hinged on the whim of his own decision, not just the state of the funding.

This is true, but the funding wasn't there so we know that the tweet that said it was was a lie. And if it was a lie intended to affect the price of the stock then it was securities fraud.
it only shows that you care, no real value is added.
IQ is the single greatest personality trait the correlates with success in the workplace. Measuring IQ is relatively easy and well understood compared to EQ. EQ is also difficult to measure cross culturally. IQ is not.

Some jobs will require EQ and some IQ but as a single predictor IQ is the best and accounts for something like 30-50% of causation based on the data available. Some people dispute this but among serious psychiatrists it’s pretty clear data.
When you’re obsessed and autistic there’s no such thing as “work smart”. Elon is obsessed with his ideas, and probably autistic to some degree.
[deleted]
Yeah but for someone who has a brain that works like 5 of us all together, reduction shouldn’t be an issue.
Dude, I read this entire chain and I can only say you are terribly misguided. The government contracts with SpaceX are extremely mutually beneficial. Just look at [this](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.popularmechanics.com/space/rockets/amp28995/study-finds-spacex-a-bargain-for-nasa/) 


Also, all signs recently are pointing towards Tesla finally getting over their production hurdles. Admittedly now onto delivery hurdles, but I think it’s fair to say hurdles like these are expects when you’ve partially reinventing the wheel as Tesla has. Which is why their market cap is where it is. These facts are baked into that arguably bloated number. And it’s not uncommon in today’s world for a company to have a high value and not turn a profit, also why their market cap is where it is.

Idk why you think issues don’t get worked though and are instead grounds for total disaster. That’s as short sighted as one could be.
Workers do this kind of thing in Japan. It... doesn’t end well.
In that case, it ends well for shareholders though, and that's all that matters.
I wish sleeping at work was accepted here though. Like sometimes you do want to stay and nap a few hours and keep going. 

But Musk is clearly not well these days.
Not really in the short term, and the short term is crucial for Tesla.

Bad press makes stocks fall.
China too, lots of places.
Get into Game Development. You’ll never have a good nights sleep again.
Quick, somebody hide the swords
&gt; it ends well for shareholders though

shareholders=bad? 

You have no idea what you are talking about. Look at Tesla stock price. Or just look at the Japanese stock market.
My company has a nap room but I've never seen anyone use it. I hear from old timers that the place had a very different (better) culture before we merged with another company.
A buddy of mine worked for Google and I asked him about the nap rooms, then he asked me, “would you want to get caught by your boss napping at work?”
But I thought Google was superCool and super"Progressive"!?
Losing shittons of money with no end in sight tends to make stocks fall as well.
Agreed. I don’t see a realistic path to profitability for TSLA as they currently stand.

That doesn’t mean I’m not currently gobbling up November TSLA calls. They will run-up to earnings.
Assuming that his job isn't literally to be awake, napping at work isn't going against him doing his job.
It is one of those things like "no vacation, just take off whenever" it always ends with most employees taking less time then they would normally be allocated.
Really? I want to get back into it after dropping it at university
Good luck, daddydunc.
Where can I get a job that doesn't require me to be awake?
Inception
My favorite vacation policy was a company that offered 4 weeks of vacation and unlimited sick days.

It was the most fair policy I've seen so far because if you're sick you either worked from home or didn't work at all without using your vacation, but at the same time the company also expected you to actually go on vacation.

I worked at an unlimited PTO place and the underlying expectation was that you wouldn't take any. I ended up taking less PTO there than I ever did.
You current job requires you to be awake 24h?
No, does yours?
Is it really as bad as everyone makes it out to bed? Looking to break into that industry
Karōshi (過労死), which can be translated literally as "overwork death"
That's the point. If you aren't sleeping 24/7, there are already times where you aren't awake and working. I'm guessing your company or whatever you are responsible for doesn't stop existing while you are asleep. 

Everyone sleeps, why does it matter if your boss sees you doing it?
Might explain why hes been going off the rails recently.
People are weird. A lot of companies have archaic ass-in-chair policies requiring people to be at their seat between certain hours, rather than focusing on output and outcomes.  It's old fashioned, but in those types of companies I can definitely see someone getting in trouble for sleeping even if they were working hard and meeting or exceeding expectations.
Also read that they don’t have enough toilets for their employees at the giga factory. This company is a zoo!
Other people will still judge you though.
[deleted]
Given how saturated and competitive it is, it wouldn't surprise me
So what?

They'll still be judging you while you are crushing them with superior productivity and results.
Yea. I know those companies. But if that happens, you know it's time to leave because that company won't survive for very long. Either that or whoever is responsible for this culture gets sacked eventually because their peers show much more productivity and they can't understand why.
I have a nappin' chair in my office. Twenty minute nap after lunch makes the day so much more productive.
My favorite recent Teslappocolypse fact as of late: In the last 2-3 years there have been over 300 calls to 9-1-1 placed from inside the gigafactory; ranging from suicide attempts to intruders inside of the factory.
9-1-1 calls placed in GM’s factory over the same time period: 7.
Workers in Japan are not making Elon money.
Worked in one of those companies, like we didn't have no working hours, can come and leave whenever you want, and shit like that. Guess what? Wasn't paid overtime, and you always get to work overtime, and they think they can contact you whenever they want. Received mails on Saturday 3 in the morning from the boss. There was always that fear that you are doing something wrong, can't get peace of the mind. Luckily I stopped working in that toxic environment. On my current job I work for 8h, and thank you, goodbye!
I will correct you. Get into development!
Yeah, it's way too saturated. In college my degree was closely tied with the audio production degree, and I'm glad I didn't go that route because everyone wants to be the next producer or audio engineer. 

Anyway, we did 1 year of courses with them which was fun, and I got to learn a lot about sound design. As such, anytime a game dev/design group needed audio for their student games, I signed up to help out so I had a lot of friends in that department. 

And this is a big American University known for it's arts programs. So anyway, fast forward graduation, I picked a very unsaturated degree, and my class had a 96% hiring rate. Of the game students I worked with/made friends with, almost none found jobs. 

EA is hiring like crazy from what I've been told, and so is Ubisoft. But also, no one wants to work with them with how they've screwed themselves over, but if you're looking to break in, maybe try one of those two.
Yes this is most likely a sign of a problem that needs to be fixed, but most people aren’t aware of the sacrifice it takes to build a company to the levels that Elon has. Much less several. You can take problems, push them off to other people, and get a good nights rest. Or you can accept that it’s your problem, and become involved in the solution.  
  
Obsessive behavior about work ethic is fetishized in sports, Michael Jordan or Kobe Bryant at the gym in a full sweat at 4am working to better their game. But in business, it becomes worrying behavior. Is there a difference between working at the office and at home?
I love your reply. I personally think Elon Musk is someone to look up to. I love the fact that he has such a high level of ambition and a hunger to create incredible products that change the world. If he goes home to sleep in his mansion each night, his competitors will still be up late trying to outdo him. Audi and Mercedes just unveiled new electric cars to compete against him, so he has no time to waste. He'll sleep when things are rolling along more solidly.
Elon has options. He can have a sleeping room built. It  can be in his office. He can create  an entire business that literally caters to sleepy professionals. You're kidding yourself if you think he needs to go all the way home to his big scary mansion OR sleep under a desk.
&gt; aren’t aware of the sacrifice it takes to build a company to the levels that Elon has.

Not to mention that a good part of his personal wealth is tied up in it. I'd probably have trouble leaving the office, too.
[deleted]
Yea not even close to the same thing. Sleeping under desks at his age will only result in having a shitty nap. There is no special magic to sleeping in uncomfortable circumstances, it does not make things better, it makes your rest shitty. I'm confident you have past experiences to draw on here.
[deleted]
Yes, he has options. I’m not defending that he needs to sleep under a desk. At the same time, using funds to build a sleeping room is also sure to gain attention and headlines. He’s damned if he does, damned if he doesn’t. Beyond that, I’m sure his intention is to not live in the office.  
  
But he’s aware that his company is at a critical crossroads. The Model 3 is the most hyped, most criticized and most polarizing car in history. He has said Tesla has bet the farm on it, and if it fails, so does Tesla. He’s doing everything in his power to help ensure it doesn’t fail.  
  
People that lament staying in the office until 6pm have trouble relating to someone that hasn’t taken a vacation in decades and has had many a sleepless night agonizing over minute details. He doesn’t stay awake because he wants to, but because he’s so invested in the success of the business that he feels it’s in the best interest of the business. If the ship goes down, he’s going down with it.  
  
Even with my small business, I can relate on some small scale at being so invested in the success that you make sacrifices most people haven’t experienced in their career. And I have no concept of how busy that man must be, it’s inconceivable to me.  
  
I believe Elon when he says he wants to help contribute to a world that has a future that people look forward to rather than fear. That simple goal is more than most corporations on earth stand for. And rather than attacking him for trying, I respect the effort and hope he’s able to succeed. Without Tesla, would the other car makers have been as quick to move towards a real effort at emission less vehicles?
I’m making an assumption here based on how he used his wealth to date, but I don’t think he sees wealth the way most will. Which is material purchases and freedom. He sees it as his ability to continue building difference making companies.  So rather opportunity. He may have several next companies planned that could be helping the greater good that will never see the light of day if Tesla fails.  
  
Of course I could be wrong, and at the end of the day he may be like every other billionaire. But the evidence I see doesn’t support that. And while altruism is great, we live in a commercial society. If you can make a better way reachable and affordable, and also something that’s cool, it will be more likely to succeed than attempting to speak at someone to change their ways.
The Elon quote I love most is: “I’m not trying to be anyone’s savior. I’m just trying to think about the future and not be sad.”  
  
I think that’s an incredibly somber and powerful statement at the state of today.
Well put.
All the traditional car companies have teams of well rested engineers doing that work and spend vastly more on R&amp;D, so I'm not sure Musk sleeping in his office is really the right approach to tackling that as a problem.
Great way to shed light on his work ethic in a positive light
[deleted]
For real.
So many people love to shit on this guy lately.
Yes, he has some very *grand* ideas that probably won’t pan out; but to be successful in fields that have *never been done before*, that is what one must do,
Competition is the least of their 2018 problems.  Nobody wonders if Audi can build 100,000 cars in a year and it wouldn’t be considered an accomplishment.

Summary:
He needs to get more sleep.
I don't need to be a billionaire.
I don't want a job.
&gt; Musk doesn't make money?
I don't need to jerk him off like you do.
I don't own any of his stock.
&gt; I don't own any of his stock.
I personally think Elon Musk is someone to look up to.
I could start tons of companies that make no profits as well.
I am working on my own venture.
It doesn't work that way.
Musk didn't start with anything.
If you want a job, go get one.
I really like where your head is at.
Seems like it worked pretty well.
I wouldn't ask anyone under me to do the same, and I don't ask for more from the people over me.
You think Bezos doesn't read?
I don't see how it's a good sign.
And yes, anyone with enough money could build a rocket company.
For one people that work there know what they will be doing.
Elon doesn't need to sleep on a floor to do this.
He didn't start Tesla and it's not like he built rockets from scratch.
&gt; It was bought out by Tesla.
That is not the "same" thing.
&gt; Tesla was nothing before him.
I'm sure you could do that in your sleep though, right?
He lets people who are actually has expertise do the work.
The person I replied to said that doesn’t work like that.
You can't "think funding secure" without funding being secured.
Or that to get to the point he's at now isn't impressive.
Look at all his projects and even at Tesla itself.
&gt;I could start tons of companies that make no profits as well.
Because you know this isn't how the world works.
&gt;And yes, anyone with enough money could build a rocket company.
I say stop being a pussy then you go and be one.
I never said they were, you sound like someone who isn't very smart.
I don’t think he wants to do anything else lol.
It was bought out by Tesla.
Companies don't do it because it's not economically feasible.
Government funds tons of stupid things.
But I do think that Tesla and SpaceX are different in a few regards.
I imagine you wouldn't last long at a place like tesla without being one of those people.
He sees it as his ability to continue building difference making companies.
The sleep thing is super important as well.
At some point you hire more people.
I wish sleeping at work was accepted here though.
Engineers need to use their minds.
&gt; Bezos is worth $165 billion.
And it still is with him.
&gt; I'm jerking him off for pointing out that it's absolutely retarded to think anyone could do what Musk has?
No one else with the same standing does what Musk does because they don't have the ego and they like making money, not losing it.
Its not for everyone, and many people need their leaders to do other things to make them feel comfortable.
&gt; SpaceX is contracted by NASA.
At what point did I worship him?
You need to use the word "rape" because your point is weak.
He can have a sleeping room built.
Tesla is not profitable so he hasn’t even created an actual company there yet.
How am I being a pussy?
&gt; Can't wait to see you start your multiple billion dollar company though.
&gt; It is economically feasible, as shown by Musk.
But Musk is clearly not well these days.
You can take problems, push them off to other people, and get a good nights rest.
They didn't test anything they're going to use.
One of the wealthiest people in the world.
I'm jerking him off for pointing out that it's absolutely retarded to think anyone could do what Musk has?
You don't need to be a businessman to understand the difference between revenue and profit.
I think they'd want to hear from a genius like yourself.
NASA actually tested something they are going to use.
He’s not even really impressive.
There are many companies that are also changing the world and doing great shit.
I am not explaining my point right, I think.
The middle ground is you work as long as you are productive.
They are far from profitable, but you're really attempting to argue they're no better off than when Musk took over?
&gt;
&gt;&gt;You think Bezos doesn't read?
Bezos is worth $165 billion.
If you want more, pay more.
Can't wait to see you start your multiple billion dollar company though.
Don't worry, Tesla won't make it through the decade.
Everyone sleeps, why does it matter if your boss sees you doing it?
The continuous work is fine, but the lack of sleep is not.
Oh so now we're back to Elon had unlimited money to start up SpaceX?
