Original Response:
My husband and I have a really good relationship. We know each other so well and have very similar needs and goals in life.  Our sex life has been on fire lately.  One aspect in particular that had been receiving more attention was dirty talk regarding a threesome (FFM).  

I don’t identify as straight, and although having strong emotional attachments, have never sexually been with a woman. When I met my partner I could have gone my whole life never having explored that route and I would have been satisfied.  But once the dirty talking began, it certainly made my mind wander.

Perhaps it started with a wig, or a statement like “I wish I could fuck two of you at the same time” and it progressed from there.  Overtime it developed into explicit descriptions of what we wanted to see or do with one another + 1. It began as something brought up during the act, and then became fuel that ignited it.  

As it became more and more of a serious discussion we were more aware of the possible consequences.   Many relationships don’t survive the aftermath of it.  So we did our homework.  We discussed who, where, when, and what.  

We decided that to avoid any sort of relationship complications between us and the third,  we would hire a professional (which is not illegal where we live).  This way we did not have to worry about it being a friend or trying to pick someone up online or in the world - which isn’t an aspect that appealed to either of us. We both agreed that it was more important that I chose and that she checked off my boxes.  Petite, natural breasts, and if she had an alt look to her that was a bonus, although it was not a common finding.  On top of that, she obviously had to be comfortable with couples.  This was the most difficult part because many places didn’t advertise this openly.  After some disappointing phone calls, we came across one profile,  and I basically made the real life equivalent of the heart eye emoji.  Brightly dyed hair, very visible tattoos and an ass that was an 11/10.  After some fumbling with setting it up, we had finally booked it, and the anticipation gutters set in.


In case the event did not go well, I did not want it to take place in our house.  I did not want to be reminded of it in the space that I live in daily. We opted to rent a hotel room.  Also a king sized bed allowed for a lot more leg room.

There were a few stipulations about when - we wanted it on a Saturday because of our work schedules.  I regularly get waxed (and don’t shave in between) so I wanted to make sure that it was recently done.  And obviously I didn’t want to be on my period.  

What would take place was the longest most thought out discussion.  What were our boundaries, what could each person do to one another?  We opted to treat it as a two time event with multiple stages.  Basically in the first event (which is what happened) the contact between my husband and the third would be minimal, and the contact between myself and my husband would slowly increase through the stages.  We broke it down like this

Stage 1: women and do whatever, man watches, can talk but nothing super explicit or controlling.
Stage 2: women can still do anything, husband and wife can go to third base, no deliberate contact between husband and third
Stage 3: women can still do anything, husband and wife can have sex, light touching between husband and third but no penetration.  

And then if that all went well we would have a second event wherein he would play more or a role (FMF).

Also there were a couple general rules - no anal play, no cumming inside her and we had safe words.

We typed all this up and handed it to the third before we began to make sure we were all on the same page (literally and figuratively).

The threesome itself was very enjoyable.  Slightly awkward at first while we got into the rhythm of things.  I came twice, my husband once, and I think she came too - that’s the only downside to paying someone, you can’t really be too certain of how much they are actually enjoying it.  But at the same time it takes away the pressure to have all three people being satisfied at once.

Afterwards we talked, shared pictures of our pets and then she left.  We lay on the bed together for a bit.  I was surprised at how I felt.  Nothing felt bad, nothing felt like a boundary had been crossed.  It didn’t feel like our marriage had been contaminated or was at risk for falling apart.  It felt like we hung out with someone and then they left,  we just happened to have all been naked and orgasming in between.  

Part of our aftercare was having a bath.  So once we were home (we didn’t stay at the hotel) we had an amazingly relaxing bath and then had sex again.  And it felt just as good as it did before having a threesome.

And that’s how we survived a threesome. 


TL;DR - happily married husband and wife hire an escort for a threesome, have lots of discussions and rules ahead of time.  Everything goes flawlessly, couple does not break up because of threesome.

 EDIT: 
On calling it a threesome:  I don’t care if this isn’t a threesome by your standards, that’s fine.  One commenter let me know that this is sometimes called a “V”.  Does just the tip count as sex? Some people will say yes, and some will say no.  It’s based on personal opinions, and that’s totally cool.  This is a post from my perspective and I had sex with two people. I think you would probably call it a threesome if it were MFM and the guys didn’t interact.  Even if one only got a BJ and the other got PIV, most people would still call it a threesome.

On my husbands pleasure: thank you so much for your concern about my husband’s experience, although all the comments arguing that it was not fair/he didn’t enjoy it/he’s a pushover - you actually infuriated him.  He was very upset by how people were talking as if they had any knowledge outside of the words of this post on our relationship or what happened during the threesome.  He had a great time, honestly, stop worrying about him!  Also this is completely besides the point of the post and was deliberately left out, the post is about the amount of communication that made this whole thing work for us.  And not gonna lie, I think the majority of these types of comments are from straight men who couldn’t imagine a threesome not revolving around their dick. Sorry, not sorry.

On the rules: it’s fine that these rules don’t appeal to you, your rules probably don’t appeal to me, and that’s OKAY! The point of this post isn’t the exact details, it’s how we had a plan, we worked on that plan, and we executed it as a couple.  Healthy communication! And the reason for the majority of rules pertaining to my husband’s actions is because 1) he has had a threesome before, 2) he has had casual sex before, 3) he has slept with an escort before.  I had done none of that nor had I been with a woman.  I wanted to move at a slower pace and we both agreed that would be best for everyone.  As well, he was given every opportunity to make rules, to discuss rules, and to back out or change his mind at ANY time.  We agreed to all of this together.  And because it worked so well, next time we are all going to have that much more fun! 

Edit #2 because I forgot

On “surviving” : I chose to use this word because of how many posts and stories discuss a relationship ending after a threesome.  Maybe not right after but the guilt or animosity lingers after the encounter.  I could have called it something else but I liked that title and I thought it flowed well with how I was approaching it like this post would be a rough idea of a survival guide for others, or an example of such a guide.
Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad this worked out for you but there’s so many flaws in the “threesome” that I can’t imagine this working for most other couples
It’s definitely a risk, and we knew that going in.  Above all we wanted a stable relationship on the other side of the event, even if it meant backing out at any point in time.  I by no means am trying to promote it for other people, I just wanted to give our exact steps and reasoning because that’s not something we were able to find when looking up “how to have a threesome”.  It would just say “have boundaries, discuss beforehand”.  So I wanted to give an example of what that can look like, and how that worked for us!
If it worked for you that’s great. But as other commenters have said, your husband is getting almost nothing. And I feel like, though he may be okay with that now, it may breed resentment in the future.
Define almost nothing? I don’t remember a 4th person there, nor did I go into much detail of what actually happened.  He was very much involved and an active participant, not a passive by-standard.
I’m not trying to argue with you, I’m just trying to say this set up may be perfect for now, but down the line your husband may harbor resentment over his lack of participation. 

Your reply [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/sex/comments/9eeiwu/comment/e5on67y?st=JLVE73YK&amp;sh=f88a44ba) along with the stages you described. 

Steps 1-3 you can do whatever you want. Husband doesn’t get to interact with the third until step 3 and that’s only light touching, as you described.
That’s the great thing about open communication, is that it’s always open for discussion.  If my husband feels that there needs to be a change to the rules then we will change them. If he wants to get something different out of it than I am open to talking about it and he knows that.  
I understand your concern and I can see that being a problem if we did this same plan time and time again, but that thankfully is not the route we are taking, as I’m sure that would get boring quickly for everyone.  

But the term “lack of participation” is not how either of us would describe it. With the third, yes, overall definitely not.  But again the idea is that this was a warm up to make sure we are prepared for moving forward, which we are both looking forward to doing.
&gt;passive by-standard.


r/boneappletea
Was him not not being able to penetrate her your rule or his rule? I'm glad it all worked out I was just curious on this part of the threesome.
I said “you can’t cum in her” and after a couple more discussions we decided it would be best to do this in a two part event, and that we would make session one more about me and warming me up to the idea, and session two would be more about him being the center of attention.  So that rule kind of came naturally when we decided to split it up.  It’s definitely still on the table for round two though!
Actually that seems like a great way to do it! Thank you for the insight!
I once hired an awesome woman to give my wife a nice long massage that, based on our plan, ended with her giving my wife a happy ending.  I stayed fully clothed and didn't touch either of them.  It was awesome - far from me getting 'nothing.'  In fact, it was my idea - I love to watch my wife enjoy, but I'm always too involved to really take it all in.  Got what I wanted, and no, not a cuckolding experience.

Also to those concerned about the boundary discussion.  Boundaries are awesome.  Talking about them before an encounter can be insanely hot.  We're careful with the language - she basically says that she refuses to make rules for me, I can do what I want.  To that, I say that there are no rules, but it helps me to know what might and might not upset her as I wouldn't want to do that. Once the big day comes, it can be very reassuring to have had the discussion and to have some idea of where things are likely to go. And then there's the whole idea of boundary play, doing things close to your or her limit is hot.  Not knowing another person's boundaries and the slow dance of asking (verbally or not) and learning.... hot.

edit: and to those that see this as one sided.  She's currently the more conservative.  We know she's not going to upset me - things always change with time and we will surely have discussions about my comfort level someday too.
Sometimes, a threesome doesn't have to be 100% focused on the man. Crazy, but true!
I participate in threesomes regularly, I’m a girl. There’s a big difference between what happened in OP’s “threesome” and an actual threesome where everyone participates beyond “light touching”
Gatekeeping, much? They were all involved with each other, they all got to cum, hence its a threesome. One person maybe not being allowed to quite the same extent as the other doesn't make it not a threesome. 

Maybe it isn't something you'd personally enjoy, which is perfectly fine.
All I’m saying is, it doesn’t fit my definition of a threesome. And other people on this thread are saying the same thing as me. And OP also said so as well, it’s a threesome for her.
Saying it's a threesome for her doesn't equal *not* being a threesome for him, too. Someone who wasn't even involved refusing to call it a threesome when both participants seem to consider it such is just petty.
You said I was gatekeeping. I explained it simply doesn’t fit my definition of a threesome and now I’m being petty? I was just explaining shit to you. God damn go find a hobby
Yes, you are being petty.
You clearly don’t understand the definition of petty lol

Have a nice day, I’m out
Then its a good thing literally no one here has suggested that it should be.
Cya!
People are whining that her husband isn't getting anything. Sometimes, scenes aren't focused on one partner. Something plenty of people here seem to need to be reminded of.
No they don't, they are the ones actually suggesting things not be entirely focused on one partner (her) and rather that all partners should be involved. You seem to be suggesting they should be focused on one partner (her).
Funny, because the account I read specifically says everyone WAS involved, and are happy with how everything turned out. What, exactly, are you all objecting to?
Someone said the "husband is getting almost nothing," you responded sarcastically that not 100% of the pleasure should be focused on him, which is foolish, because they were saying that *some* of it should belong to both partners, not all on him. You (and actually OP as well) seem to be hellbent on misinterpreting what everyone is saying, as if saying that he should be considered somehow implies that he should be the only or the main focus.

Was he slightly involved, sure, but people are pointing out that it was an imbalanced situation, and they are correct. You and OP unfairly telling them they must think only the man's pleasure matters is completely unfounded and unreasonable.
Not as unreasonable as telling her (completely contrary to what her husband thinks, btw) that he simply *must* feel sidelined and resentful of the encounter. Apparently that's news to him!
Which is, again, why its a good thing that literally no one said that. The only mention of resentment was that he might feel resentful in the future if it continues to be imbalanced, even though he feels happy now. Even the person who said that was not ignoring what she's saying or saying they are certain how he currently feel, they are pointing out potential issues to watch out for.

You are arguing against a different thing than what people are saying. Its easy to win arguments against imaginary people but a waste of your time, but I guess it makes you feel superior or something.

Summary:
We discussed who, where, when, and what.
And that’s how we survived a threesome.
And it felt just as good as it did before having a threesome.
And OP also said so as well, it’s a threesome for her.
You said I was gatekeeping.
And other people on this thread are saying the same thing as me.
The threesome itself was very enjoyable.
You are arguing against a different thing than what people are saying.
If he wants to get something different out of it than I am open to talking about it and he knows that.
So I wanted to give an example of what that can look like, and how that worked for us!
And obviously I didn’t want to be on my period.
But as other commenters have said, your husband is getting almost nothing.
Also to those concerned about the boundary discussion.
I participate in threesomes regularly, I’m a girl.
This is a post from my perspective and I had sex with two people.
You seem to be suggesting they should be focused on one partner (her).
