Original Response:
[deleted]
The Bible has been found to be in error on many facts that can be checked. The verses on homosexuality may be more errors. We know now that homosexuality is a biochemical matter that the person has no control over. We also know it is well represented in the animal kingdom and harms no one.

The Bible is infinitely interpretable. You can interpret the Bible for yourself as well as anyone. You interpret the Bible every time you chose someone else's interpretation and declare it correct.

This is a tough problem that about 10% of Christians (some becoming ex-Christians) have to deal with at some time so you aren't alone. 

Good luck working it out to your satisfaction.
Hm. Your post history reminds me of a wolf.

If you had a flair, which one would you choose?
[removed]
It is unsettling to recommend that a person make their own decisions on their own interpretations i.e., exercise their own free will. It offers a lot of scary autonomy. How can you guarantee they will believe the right way? That doesn't sound like something wolves, shepherds or sheep usually do does it.

I really hate to see people being harmed needlessly by religions, philosophies, cultures and group think. I know it is an egregious character flaw.

I made my own flair some years ago and submitted it to the mods but it was not added to the list.

Sorry if it disconcerts you. But then if it doesn't disconcert you, please accept my apology for misinterpreting your reaction and carry on with how ever you see it, I trust you.
Are you not gunna address his other points or are you just gunna deflect them and try and devalue his opinion
Nope. I precisely said I wouldn't.
Isn’t that kinda pointless and suggests you have a lack of knowledge in the area?

You have no good answer so you just kinda attack the guy
It could suggest I lack knowledge, I wouldn't blame someone for thinking I did.
It feels like you just want to argue for the sake of it, but in case I'm wrong I'll try to address your concern as clearly as I can. 

The OP of this thread is clearly religious and is looking for a religious answer. This top level comment while resembling what could be a religious answer, leans far enough away from it that the answer itself is questionable. Upon inspecting his profile, the person you're responding to discovered the top level commentor is indeed not religious and failed to meet the basic criteria to give a valid answer. So no, his refusal to respond to the top level commenter doesn't say anything about the person you're responding to, other than he doesn't waste time on answers that don't meet the initial criteria.
So someone should take outdated Biblical claims over recent scientific discoveries?

Isn’t it good to get different ideas instead of just 1 since that encourages ignorance
No and yes respectively. However, in a thread that's looking for a specific type of answer it's not unreasonable to ignore answers that don't attempt to be that type. I assume you had high school algebra, which means you've seen questions that say "use this method to solve this equation." Even if you get the right answer, you get no points if you use the wrong method. I don't have an issue with the top level commentor posting, but if people want to ignore him for using the wrong method, there's nothing wrong with that.
Can’t there be 2 right answers, since arguably they both try and address the same point just in different ways?
I'm not talking about right answers, I'm talking about methods used to get there. I can't explain any further that his very basis was faulty, but that's the issue.

Summary:
I'm not talking about right answers, I'm talking about methods used to get there.
The Bible is infinitely interpretable.
You can interpret the Bible for yourself as well as anyone.
You have no good answer so you just kinda attack the guy.
