Original Response:
You can't compare it to assets with tangible value. That said, there will be a new crypto standard at some point, and Bitcoin is the only crypto positioned to be the standard.
yes but: a part of the mcap of the real estate market consists of speculative capital which overvalues the asset. this part can potentially be transfered from the housing market to Bitcoin if we are in an uptrend. This might actually normalize the real estate market which is overheating in many parts of the world.
What is tangible value? The tangible value of an old painting (frame, canvas, paint) is maybe $20, but the actual (market value) is maybe $120 million. A patent maybe worth billions while the tangible part (sheets of paper) is only worth pennies. Apple is worth about a trillion Dollars, while the tangible part (office buildings, furniture, computers, equipment, tools) are in range of tens of billion Dollars only. It's all about human perception about any asset class.
How can i touch my Google stock? Or Google itself?
Or my gold derivatives which are backed by nothing but air.
This so much!

Even a house isn't worth that much, it is falling apart in most cases. The building license for you to be allowed to have a house there brings the most value and that is stored in some kind of database at most.
You can’t. That wouldn’t be considered tangible.
Value is more than monetary assessment.  If the price drops to zero on a house, it can still provide more value that Bitcoin at a zero dollar valuation.  That is why is cannot be compared directly.
Tangible doesn't mean shit in the current time we live in.
Please explain what that means?
That we live in the information age?
Okay, but that doesn't mean tangible goods like shelter, food, and clothing do not have value.
I agree, comparing different asset classes with the same metrics is nonsense.
You bring up an important point when comparing asset classes. A house can be easily confiscated by authorities, while with Bitcoin it's not possible. But Bitcoin can make it harder to confiscate property by a government, if not impossible, if the society agrees to use such a system for ownership records, since only the rightful owner can release the property. Therefore Bitcoin, can even replace branches of government. The asset aspect of Bitcoin is just one facet among others. That's why Bitcoin is such a mystery for many people and hard to put it into a certain bin.

Summary:
You can't compare it to assets with tangible value.
You bring up an important point when comparing asset classes.
this part can potentially be transfered from the housing market to Bitcoin if we are in an uptrend.
