Original Response:
This occurred on Tuesday but i read that sex related TIFU are for weekends.

I'm a regular blood donor and i also keep fit. No diabetes, regular blood pressure so am generally in okay health.

Went to the blood bank to drop my quarterly 500cc of blood. Usually i hydrate real well and have a decent meal after to help replenish. But that day, i got a call from work ( i drop by in my lunch break) and had to rush back. So rather than a sit down meal with lots of veggies and protein i grab a glazed donut and whatever came in a bottle to go. They didn't have water so i grabbed like so soda like thing, i dont even remember, anyhoo it was laden with sugar.

Immediately i felt the buzz of the sugar high. So for the rest of the day i am feeling a little light headed ( slightly normal after I donate), but also slightly nauseous and a little on edge.

I go home and for whatever reason i am pretty turned on, so as soon as i can i seduce the missus and we get it on.

Now, i pause here to add that after donating blood, i am usually advised to not do vigorous exercise lift weights for 48-72 hrs. Now i have broken all the rules, am dehydrated, experience hyperglycaemia and i'm pushing my blood and heart to do some serious cardio.

So, we're doing the deed, its going good, i am slightly delirious and then boom i puke out lunch and dinner on my wife and she tells me i just collapse on her after.

I of course don't remem ber any of this but i wake up in the ER with a drip and a very cross wife with puke stained hair staring at me. Doctor says i should be fine but not try whatever it is i did  after donating blood. Turns out they ping everytime a donor comes in the ER. Apparently if I wasn't qyite so healthy, the self induced hyperglycemia  could have resulted in a coma or possible blown blood vessel somewhere like my brain.

Tl:dr donated blood, didnt rehydrate, took too much sugar, had sex, nearly had a stroke.



Edit 3: wow this blew up. Okay a few things. First of all thank you all for the concern, diabetes is hereditary in my family. I get tested regularly but after this episode i am getting a full physical just to be sure. We told the doctor i was "working out", and he just nodded. He thinks its a confluence  of too much sugary stuff ( i didnt eat that much proper food that day), fatigue (i hadnt been sleeping much coz of work), dehydration, and the blood loss. 

And yes my wife has forgiven me, she is my wife after all. She finds the "fucked him out of his mind" brag really funny. And she assures me we can have sexy time as long as i use a horses feedbag.

Lastly, PSA: i am still going to keep donating blood. Doctor said he doesnt see why not unless the physical says otherwise. Please consider donating if you have not. It saves lives and blood banks are always running low. If you take away anything from my TIFU its that giving blood while "risky" is totally worth it, had sex right ;)

Edit 4: wow thank you for the gold kind stranger!
You do a lot to replenish. I normally drink the juice, grab some cookies and bounce.
I rather not take chances lol.
Delete the juice, get a cookie, and Facebook up.
Delete the cookie, get a Facebook, and juice up?
But apparently you did take a few that day
Where I live we have that stuff laying around when you give blood. They don't let you walk about without drinking and eating some.
[removed]
Delete the Facebook, get a juice, and cookie up?
Same here. They don't stop you from going either. But they do ask you if you need something while giving blood. But I don't hand around or do anything special afterwards.
Last time I did that I almost passed out driving. Felt fine walking out of there and to my car but once I was in the car it was horrible. This was after sitting there for 20 minutes drinking my juice, water, and a pack of cookies.
I'm a bigger dude at 260. Don't know if that has an effect.
This is the most ironic thing I've read all day.
That sounds pretty logical then. I'm a 5'2" female, overweight but nothing crazy. I'm sure that makes a difference.
When I went I'd get done at BioLife go to my classes then go work out and it was always hell but I had no idea you where supposed to refrain lol
Same. I rely on pre-gaming when it comes to donation day. Last thing I want to do after donating is eat.
I usually go directly to the nearest bar. Blood loss makes it a cheap night
Ha
I choose this option. Always cookie up.
This is the one right here
I had to stop donating because even after doing everything by the book, I'd be lightheaded, crazy tired, and cold to the bone for two or three days afterwards. I only just am above the minimum weight, and they figured that since I'm a small and relatively lightweight woman, I have less blood than the average person. Half a litre takes too much of a toll on my body, unfortunately. I still think it's stupid they won't take a quart in my case.
[removed]
I’ve driven for 30 minutes after a concussion and once after an IUD insertion. I know what it’s like to drive dizzy. Not fun at all.
I make sure to drink a fucktonne of water (tall people problems), usually my hunger takes care of the rest.
That's really the best thing, being hydrated.

Summary:
Delete the juice, get a cookie, and Facebook up.
Delete the cookie, get a Facebook, and juice up?
Delete the Facebook, get a juice, and cookie up?
But apparently you did take a few that day.
Last thing I want to do after donating is eat.
I normally drink the juice, grab some cookies and bounce.
I rely on pre-gaming when it comes to donation day.
