Original Response:
&gt; "Get Ottawa out of health care."

&gt; "Breaking the taboo around private sector involvement in healthcare will bring innovation. That is the right plan."

DOA right there. And holy shit, he really likes guns.
He likes people taking their own personal safety into their own hands instead of being required to wait for the police, which does nothing while crimes are being committed.
Those proposals on gun laws are reasonable.  As far as healthcare, look to countries like France, which have a public and private system that works just fine.
Yeah because crimes in this country are committed with legally owned guns and not by criminals who obtain them illegally.
or that's a lot of pretense and he really likes guns
uh yeah, a big selling point for him (and almost every other successful PC candidate in the leadership race) was their stance on gun rights.

there's over 2 million licensed gun owners. it's a large demographic.
I mean every European country has private health care, mixed with public.

The only EU country that has single
Payer today (like Canada) is the UK.

Quebec - which has semi moved away from single payer will actually be OK with this.  As will Alberta.  

His push is the Eu model.  Which is cheaper and has better outcomes vs the Canadian model.
Gun owner here. I have yet to shoot someone. Never been in trouble with the police, and no mental health issues. 

Leave me alone.
Banning guns won't make them disappear, it means only the government and bad guys will have them.
&gt;His push is the Eu model. Which is cheaper and has better outcomes vs the Canadian model.

It doesn't matter if it is a better model. You can't win an election in Canada - the country that bills its national identity as not being the USA because it has "free" healthcare - by opening yourself up to easy political attacks.

It sucks, but the reality is that if someone is going to reform healthcare for the better, they will have to do it during a majority mandate where no election promises were made on this issue.
&gt;that works just fine.

You mean much better?
Yes, much better.  I felt that would be a better sell to the hoards of people who know fuck all and assume Bernier means an American style system, and downvote for the sake of ignorance.
&gt; And holy shit, he really likes guns.

Yeah, it was a reasonably large part of his platform in the leadership race too. It was one of his main pillars, and support for guns was sprinkled here and there in the other sections too.
And that's because people are stupid.
How does that work out for America?  I wonder if it leads to any more people being shot.
&gt;I have **yet** to shoot someone.

Something about that makes me nervous. Lol
Ueah but if you snap, the consequences to the test of society could be much higher.

That said I have nothing against Long guns.
That's kinda true for all gun owners, right?

They're going to not be allowed to own a gun if they've got a long criminal record, have a history of mental health, or have committed murder.

That doesn't mean someone won't in the future though. Gov't should be looking to minimize those.
UK also has private health care, and is trending more in that direction
Not banning guns will make them disappear less.

also, no one wants crossfires in public places between civilians.
Are you trying to piss him off? I'd be careful
Ya, and having a vehicle is somehow safer.  That's a non argument.
&gt;no one wants crossfires in public places between civilians.

You mean what is going on right now in Toronto with illegal gun owners? Because banning guns is not actually banning guns from people who are shooting innocent civilians. Guns save more lives than end lives but you will never hear that in the news, what you will end up with is the UK where people stab right and left.
In what way does the EU run better than Canada?
I think it’s less about that risk than the risk that criminals will simply choose other weapons. Real world examples have shown that overall, stricter gun laws do lead to less gun violence but it doesn’t necc affect the overall rate of violence itself. So, it’s not that “criminals will have guns anyways but not we’ll be defenseless” and more “criminals will start using knives and cars and various other weapons instead of guns.”
More criminals get shot.
If I snap, I'd have to get the keys to the gun cabinet, get the keys to my ammunitions cabinet, put my gun together, and load it. 

That would be premeditated murder, and I should go to jail for life.
Guns aren’t cars.
And high school students.
It's more of a culture thing than an objective "What's better?" thing. There was a better way to word this than "Get Ottawa out of health care" or "Breaking the taboo." The first gives too much of an impression that they're looking to eliminate national health care altogether. The second one makes the mistake of implying that private health care measures are somehow bad in the eyes of society. A more delicate phrasing like "Increase stimulation and awareness for private healthcare solutions alongside the existing public system" makes it sound a lot more palatable to the average Canadian while remaining honest about the intentions.
Yeah, cars are larger, easier to access and more deadly.
Not a fan of democracy?
No.  But it's just as easy to go on a rampage with a vehicle and mow people down.
&gt;Gov't should be looking to minimize those.

How? By just prohibitting people from having them at all?
Yeeesh, yeah, the last thing we need here is an official 2-tier health care system.
How did you come to that conclusion?  People automatically assume that a public/private system would turn us into the US.
And have a primary use that doesn't involve killing something from distance.
&gt;not be allowed to own a gun if they've got a long criminal record

Doesn't have to be a long one. Pretty sure any violent criminal act in one's adult life would disqualify an applicant. And of course the Crown is very fond of laying on weapons prohibitions as part of plea packages.
My dad trained me how to use rifles at a young age and to have a respect for guns.

It's not politically or realistically feasible to do that these days (CAS called in 3... 2... 1...) but there's something to be said about proper community outreach that teaches dispute resolution and communication so that things might at least have a chance to avoid escalating to the point of gun violence.
Depends on which part of America. There are many states that are safer than Canada is, despite having some of the most permissive laws in the US. There are parts that are less safe than Canada, despite having stricter laws than Canada does.
lol and here we have the classic out of touch Torontonian who thinks he speaks for all of Canada
Shhhh dude shut up, he has guns.
&gt; a big selling point for him (and almost every other successful PC candidate in the leadership race) was their stance on gun rights.

If other parties left guns in private hands alone no PC, or now PPC, candidate would be able to reliably call upon gun owners as a voting bloc. However, the NDP and Liberals trot out the same gun ban arguments also very reliably.
No, it's because the government has a history of screwing these kinds of things up on a massive scale.  Add in the slippery slope of having the US just down south, which of course will work hard to get in on the action and the 'two tier' integration *will* get bungled-- if not off the top, then definitely with successive 'fixes'-- on a level that will ultimately make things worse. We have it and yes, it's not perfect, but it works.
*stands behind* /u/tuutruk
Let me ask in a different way: if your view is that we get sub-optimal policy because "people are stupid" how would you recommend we get better policy?
[removed]
Not the EU but France has an amazing healthcare system https://youtu.be/_yF69KVbUaQ
[deleted]
No it’s not. Good luck getting one down the halls of a high school.
Yes, it is.  More people out on the street than in schools.  Banning guns doesn't stop shootings.
His gun policy is completely reasonable. The rest of the parties should get their heads out of their asses and follow suit.
There seems to be a surge of legally purchased guns in Canada ending up in the hands of criminals.  

https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/guns-domestic-danforth-shooting-toronto-1.4759159

The vast majority of gun owners in Canada are put through the ringer, and shouldn't be put through the ringer any more.  But it looks like we have some work to do in regards to legally purchased guns. 

Edit: My claim seems to be miss-founded.  There is no evidence from Toronto on gun purchased in Canada being used in crimes as a surge.  Most guns it appears are of unknown origin. 

Edit 2: Downvote me if you wish.  Doesn't matter much to me.  But there is a pretty good conversation beyond this comment.  If you're a gun advocate you might not want to hide this conversation.
Nah, I'm for it.  I'd pay $20-50 copay to see a doctor if it meant I got to see the same one every time and not wait two weeks.
Except when mentally unstable terrorists get their hands on them in which case, yes, they are. 

And that is the point. The people who are insane do crazy stuff. But you can't blame and punsih everyone for what the insane people do.
You can’t actually be this autistic.
No, but I have a Son that is.  You, are an idiot.  Go live a bit longer, get some experience, and then chime in.
&gt; Yes, it is.  More people out on the street than in schools. 

Sounds like your victim needs to be in a place where you can fit your “weapon” which is a lot easier with a gun than a car.

&gt;Banning guns doesn't stop shootings.

You’re the only one arguing this. It makes them a lot rarer though.
&gt;  I'd pay $20-50 copay to see a doctor if it meant I got to see the same one every time and not wait two weeks.

Maybe it'd start that way, but what do you do to keep that $50 co pay from becoming $500 a decade down the road?
If there is any sign that he's going to snap and the authorities find out, they will take this person's guns away.  Once they are cleared by a professional, they are given their guns back. 

Vice has a good video on this.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q9El7gEvJWU

The specific part about mental health:

https://youtu.be/q9El7gEvJWU?t=17m3s
Deadliest attack by a single individual with a vehicle: 86 fatalities, 458 injuries

Deadliest attack by a single individual with a firearm: 69 fatalities, 110 injuries.
More people die or are injured from vehicles annually than guns.
Did you forget to switch your alt accounts?

&gt;Go live a bit longer, get some experience, and then chime in.

Okay, I’m back. Am I allowed to have an opinion now?
So what?
roger that. fully agreed.
I don't own guns, but I'm against blanket handgun bans because first, we aren't the United States, we already have many gun laws which help us avoid the type of insanity down there. And second, criminals aren't getting their guns legally anyways, they are likely being smuggled in, so a ban wouldn't help the problems we do see. 

That being said, I think there could be more enforcement of existing laws, for example, if you buy 15 guns, which you are legally allowed to do, there should be more people coming by a year later and checking that you actually still have all 15, and if you don't, you have to explain where they went.
if someone who owns a car snaps, the consequences to society can be extraordinary.
You can have any opinion you want.  I called you an idiot for your comment about autism.  It is what is it.
&gt;muh primary use

we're talking about people who "snap" and their ability to do harm. Why is the "primary use" of an object matter? and in Canada, guns are primarily used to punch holes in paper, not kill things.
[There's no evidence of that.](https://globalnews.ca/news/4428617/matt-gurney-toronto-gun-crime-statistics/)

That adage "a lie can circle the globe before the truth gets its boots on" is once again pertinent on this subject.
As a gun owner I want less gun rights. May not be popular opinion on this subreddit, but we don't need more guns. We need less of them. I would welcome a complete ban on handguns country wide. So please don't expect all 2 million licenced gun owners to actually want to go along with his crazy.
idk where you are, but streets aren't exactly hard to find.
You’re gonna have to source that if you want me to believe you.
what are you talking about? tons of people teach their kids how to shoot. there's nothing wrong with it.
You have a point, but if you look at how bad the current system has gotten in the last decade, imagine how bad it will be by then if we keep up immigration levels.
Also we're forgetting about accidental gun violence. One news story about a toddler finding a parent's gun and accidentally shooting someone or themselves is one incident too many. 

If you disagree, let's draw a comparison to immigration: assuming most gun rights activists are right-wing, and assuming those on the right are also anti-immigration. A common talking point for those people is that one violent crime by an immigrant is one too many. So perhaps there's room for compromise on both issues by both sides.

Personally, I don't believe in a blanket ban on guns, so much as responsible laws that protect the rights of those who want to own guns, while also protecting the *lives* of those who don't want to own guns or have them in their lives, and keeps the mentally ill from purchasing guns. 

Perhaps what's needed is greater nuance, contextualization and consideration. A black and white approach to complex issues is never the answer.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Nice_truck_attack

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Norway_attacks
Oh, look, he said "muh" 

Looks like I can disregard anything he has to say on account of him being a fucking moron.
Funny because i think that privatizing healthcare is incredibly stupid and short-sighted. What benefit could there be to opening it up to corporate greed. There may be small improvement to efficiency at the start but the ever rising demand for greater profits will inevitably fuck with anyone who isn’t a millionaire.
it's true.

guns weren't even a big issue in Canada until the past year or so when the LPC started to make some noise about passing stricter gun laws. Before then, many gun owners even voted for Trudeau because guns just weren't a prominent issue.

the LPC is MAKING it an issue, and voters will respond.
All depends on where you live, my friend.  And who's reporting you to the authorities. Sadly, I've seen people do some incredibly back-handed and petty things.
Handguns are already banned, as well as all firearms in Canada.  Possession is illegal in Canada.  That little piece of plastic grants you immunity from prosecution so long as it's valid.
The problem with introducing private health care is that you create two lines where the wealthy gets better service. There was a study that showed huge negative impacts when Australia moved from a single to multi-payer model.
I don't remember seeing anything about corporate greed.
Thanks for the info.  

edit: So the majority of guns that are seized they don't know where they come from?
It shouldn't. Simply by virtue of having a firearms license, he's statistically less likely to commit a crime than someone without one is.
Hey, man. I'm not arguing for or against more gun control, I happen to think that what we have now is fairly workable. All I'm saying is stop equating guns to cars or knives or fucking rocks because it is 100% a false equivalency. And you know it.
“I’m gonna kill you as soon as you’re in a spot:
1) I’d be able to fit my car into otherwise my car as a weapon is useless

2) that doesn’t have tight alleyways that you would be able to run into otherwise my car as a weapon is useless

3) where there are no buildings that you would be able to run inside of otherwise my car as a weapon is useless 

4) where there are no stairs or trees otherwise my car as a weapon is useless.”

Doesn’t have the same effect as “I’m going to kill you.”
&gt; if we keep up immigration levels

whoop there it is
&gt;As a gun owner I want less gun rights

you're free to turn in your guns whenever you want.

&gt;but we don't need more guns. We need less of them.

you first bubba.

&gt;I would welcome a complete ban on handguns country wide

why?
I found [this article](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/09/18/upshot/best-health-care-system-country-bracket.html) interesting

There's also [this ranking](http://thepatientfactor.com/canadian-health-care-information/world-health-organizations-ranking-of-the-worlds-health-systems/), ~~but I'm not sure what it's worth TBQH~~ Never, mind, the source is the World Health Association, it must be decent I guess

When rating a healthcare system, I'd say the criteria would be:

- Cost (for example, the US is terrible at this, but we also have an expensive system)
- Accessibility
- Waiting time is a major problem in Quebec, I don't know if that's the case in other provinces though

The french system for example refunds a % of healthcare cost to patients depending on the service (vitals are 100% refunded). This allows competition between clinics and drives the productivity up. The work conditions are maybe worse as a result though

There's also the fact that most European doctors are just less payed which lowers the global cost of the system

I don't think there's a perfect solution, but we can get better for sure! Total privatization will never work though
I don't see how.

The debate is about whether the benefits to public safety (IE, "saving lives") are worth the trade-offs of taking certain rights/privileges and property away from people.

Bringing up other instances where we have to make those same calculations is certainly relevant to such a discussion.
&gt; imagine how bad it will be by then if we keep up immigration levels

Well, complain about immigration if you'd like but considering our overall national birthrate, we're going to need someone here to man the ship.

https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/canadas-birthrate-falls-for-3rd-year-in-a-row-to-161

https://nationalpost.com/news/canada/canadas-latest-baby-boom-caught-experts-by-surprise-in-part-because-our-birth-rate-is-declining

https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/while-canada-s-birth-rate-drops-c-section-rates-rise-report-1.3891951

Canada has had a largely declining, with the exception of a mini-baby boom around 2014, birth rate for quite a while now.

For a bit of extra fun, here's the context of birthrate on a world scale -- which is also, largely, declining.

https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.TFRT.IN
I just had you and several others go full serious on my jokes I made on reddit all at the same time. Lol
Shhh.  Don't derail the argument with facts.
Careful! He has a gun! ^locked ^up ^safely ^somewhere ^^where ^^it ^^sits ^^while ^^he ^^goes ^^about ^^his ^^business
Cars (and knives, hammers, chainsaws, barbed wire, etc) serve a legitimate purpose other than killing. Guns exist solely to kill.

Of all the arguments to make in defense of guns, trying to favourably compare it against cars isn't it, chief.
No, but you can do your best to make sure insane people are not able to access a tool whos sole purpose is to kill. I'm not talking about taking away your rifles. I'm not talking about preventing you from having a shotgun in a rural area. All gun regulation is not about taking away legal possession of firearms that are used for legal purposes. I would be against that as well. All I'm saying (as I said to the other reply) is that equating guns to cars/knives/whatfuckingever is a false equivalency.
[deleted]
I'm pro immigration.  But it's naive to think it's hasn't effected our health care system.  Less people becoming doctors, more people coming to Canada, no new hospitals, difficult to get a family doctor, many elderly family members coming over with family reunification clauses... It's of course going to effect it.  And for me personally, given I make a lot I'm more than happy to pay a bit to help take a strain off of the public system if it means people who don't have the means to do so can get better and faster care.
Guns exist to protect as well.  It isn't the gun, or car, or whatever, it's the person committing the act, chief.
It's a bit weird that the most moderate position in here (and the one that says 'don't use me politically') is the one getting the 'calm down' jokes.
Right. 

What's not clear is if they don't know because they've made no effort to find out, or if they don't know because they made an effort to find out, but could not find a definitive answer.

If its the latter case, its safe to assume those guns were never legally owned in Canada, because if they were, it would have been trivial to discover that. Most likely, those guns originated in US states that do not have any kind of registration. 

If its the former case, then it seems obvious we should start expecting law enforcement to be attempting to trace every single crime gun they recover.
Awesome, now you’re on the right track. If we’re gonna be honest, then let’s get some numbers together on the frequency of gun attacks/shootings vs. the frequency of vehicular homicide.  You seem to be on top of the numbers thing so I’m sure you’ve looked into it.
Gun owner as well. I’ve never in my life had an inkling to vote conservative. Just sayin’. Don’t pigeon hole anybody
I get that you were joking. But I still think its important to point out that the stereotype behind that joke isn't actually true.
And those calculations should stop at comparing guns to cars because they do not equate as things in their indended purpose. Like I said, I'm not in favour of outright bans on firearms, I just can't stand the guns=cars argument. Be logical in your arguments. Equate apples to apples and people will take you a hell of a lot more seriously.
That might be because you're saying something flippantly that we're saying seriously. 

We're not 'team Gun Owner', and I find myself disagreeing with people's pretenses on the subject all the time.
And how do you protect yourself using a gun? By killing the threat. Guns were literally invented for purposes of warfare, I don't know why you're trying to claim otherwise.
Honest question, do you feel like the government is harassing you or trying to take your guns away? I can't really think of gun policy since the long-gun registry.
That's one way, Australia did it.

 Is it the most effective for Canada though?

IMHO, probably not. Doesn't mean we shouldn't look to legislate better and more comprehensive controls to limit the number of firearms in society though.
[deleted]
what?
It's not a gun joke. It's that he said "yet"
If I decided I wanted to make a bomb, I’d have to go through a complex (I assume) process to build it and arm it. 

That would be premeditated murder, and I should go to jail for life. 

Just because we have murder laws doesn’t mean we should legalize bombs for sport.
Huh?  

  

Edit: Reread it a few times, and get it now /u/bumbot.  It's still a huh? worthy comment due to the fact that it doesn't make much sense.  There is no "calm down" joke in my comment.  It's more of a "The keyword here is" joke.  

  

Nothing in my joke is political, nor gun stance related.  I think you're over analyzing.
... If a toddler shoots themselves with a gun its 100% guaranteed that that gun was being stored ILLEGALLY and this its owner was not following the law in the first place. 

&amp;#x200B;

Again this is an enforcement issue NOT an excuse to create more laws.
&gt;because they do not equate as things in their indended purpose

And, coming back to my original question, I don't see how that magically invalidates comparisons. 

That guns are intended to kill things doesn't actually matter in that comparison. Guns are not somehow inherently immoral objects simply by virtue of the intent of their design. Yeah, guns are designed to kill things. And certainly, that capacity can be abused by bad people to threaten or harm innocent people. But that capacity can also be used to put food on your table, or to eradicate pest animals or predators plaguing your farm or ranch, or defend yourself from dangerous wildlife or even dangerous people. The moral component only comes from how the capacity is applied. And overwhlemingly, that capacity is applied morally positive ways.
Yeah, you went 'huh' in your other reply to me. 

I kind of don't respect when people imply the person they're speaking to isn't being straightforward, or is coming off senseless, as if there's a failure to be understood. What I'd said was pretty direct, and doesn't use confusing language.
I'm not even a gun owner, but some of the gun stuff makes sense.  Such as sorting guns by application/use vs appearence.
If we knew the answer to that question, the US would be able to move to something that's at least in part publicly-funded as well.
We can engage in many different programs to encourage national birth rates rather than slapping bandaids on the issue. Second generation quickly return to the national average of children. Reasonably soon the 3rd world won't be able to support shipping us the quality immigrants we demand. Examples include newly-wed loans that have lower interest rates (eventually 0) as you have more children and remain married.
[deleted]
I mean, people *can* go on rampages with cars. It’s a poor analogy, because cars are actually (**very**) practical, where handguns aren’t.

I like to compare handguns to bombs.  Why are bombs illegal? I’m sure people would love to blow up bombs in a safe manner for sport, but they are illegal because the risk is not worth the sport of it.
&gt; I think there could be more enforcement of existing laws, for example

The Speed limit went from 100 to 80, why are you people still doing 120?  Why were you all going 120 to begin with?

Shit is stressful to drive as a new driver.  What's the point of laws when they get broken by every single vehicle in the viscinity?
Sadly you don't get to be treated individually according to the law. I'm sure there's lots of responsible drug users or speeding drivers, but things with large consequences have large responsibilities and therefore legal controls. I'm sure if I cared enough about guns, I'd be a very responsible gun owner too. But in my moral calculus if making it harder for stupid people to have a gun makes it harder for smart people to own a gun so be it.
Which is why I'm in agreement that we don't really need more gun control. Just didn't like the argument you were making to support your position. Had you have gone with what you just said from the beginning, I wouldn't have had to comment in the first place.
Though by keeping a gun in his house the odds of someone dying by firearm in that house skyrockets. Statistics are fun.
[deleted]
&gt; muh

How to spot a retard 101.
&gt;  Reasonably soon the 3rd world won't be able to support shipping us the quality immigrants we demand.

Wow... that is a pretty messed up view of the situation. 

Canada has always brought in immigrants and we've been a stronger nation for it. It's important to get different views and perspectives, even if there are perspectives and views we don't agree with, because it helps us define who we are and who we want to be-- individually, locally and nationally.

We already incentivize having children through tax breaks and various government payments.
Yes, just like putting a pool in your back yard will drastically increase the odds of someone in your household dying by drowning.

Doesn't mean its a significant enough risk to be a good reason *not* put in a pool, especially if I really enjoy swimming.
Yeah, the People's Party of Canada doesn't really seem to worry about how their messaging or branding is portrayed - unless this is like the nigerian prince scams where they want their members to self-select by purposefully making it bad so they know that the people who do join are unaware &amp; unsophisticated politically.
&gt; Guns exist solely to kill.

that's why we use them for sport and competitions too?  Granted, designed to kill.  Primarily used to kill.  The same could be said of the Bow, and yet I can go take archery classes.  Bow/crossbow deaths are in what, the double digits/year, if that?
There is no EU-wide standardized health system - each country handles it themselves and many take different approaches.
&gt;Doesn't mean we shouldn't look to legislate better and more comprehensive controls to limit the number of firearms in society though.

Why? "Limiting the number of firearms in society" just for its own sake isn't a worthwhile goal.
EU doctor rates of pay dont need to compete with US rates of pay.

We export a lot of doctors to the US
How was that confusing to you?
Really? It couldn't be that I honestly don't get what you're saying? Especially if it was to both of your comments.
Agreed. If cars were more effective at killing people than firearms, the military/police should issue Ford Focuses instead of firearms. Why are we putting our service members’ lives at risk by giving them less than the best?
lol wow, didn't know everyone would get so triggered by that little word.

easy way for you to avoid having to defend your argument though
Because I don't understand it. I don't get, at all, what he is saying.
Yes it is. 

If you can prove to me why is isn't a worthwhile goal, I'll show you why it is.
Unless you're breaking into his home, armed, you have nothing to be nervous about. 

Most common victim of legal gun owners, by a massive margin? The person who owns the gun. Suicide.
Look out our immigration policy (not refugee) and see we demand only quality immigrants that bring capital and are typically well educated (especially compared to the rest of their CoO). The tax breaks/payments have proven insufficient as many young Canadians continue to complain that they can't afford children. If every new couple could have a 0% loan of 500k to buy a house if they have 4 kids, among other possible incentives, you will see birth rates increase.
lol why are you changing things to now a weapon being used to threaten to assassinate someone who may try to escape into a building or alley?

we're talking about public acts of violence and danger to society.

I can hop in my car right now and go drive and run over tons of people on the sidewalk. You're moving the goalposts.
A logical, common sense view of gun control. Hold the same views as you, also don't own guns. I do realize there are valid reasons for others to own them. And you're right. Our criminals aren't using legal guns.
anecdotes =/= overall trends.

yes, we all know there are gun owners who vote liberal. cool.
I think that's the solution, we should be leaving you alone. Our current gun laws work, there's no reason to mess with them.
Could you try to get into detail in the parts you're having trouble understanding? 

The general audience seems to get what I'd said.
[removed]
if you want to have a mind-blowing experience in the stupidity of our laws, just look into our gun laws. They are a total mess.

three virtually identical guns that are functionally identical, one might be non-restricted and cool to shoot in the woods or hunt with, one might be restricted and subject to the same restrictions as handguns, only being allowed on ranges, requiring more locks and locked cases, etc. and the third might be prohibited outright, illegal to own.
Not yet. Certain segments of the populace and the media are pushing an anti-gun narrative, though - all while ignoring the very real issue of urban gangs.
What's wrong with our current laws? I don't understand why we should be changing them at all
#triggeredbywords
&gt;I'll show you why it is.

You're the one asking to constrain other people, you prove why its a good idea.
I thought it was "known" that they came from the US? Why bother getting an expensive legal gun in Canada, when you can just take a short drive south?
It's a joke.  Lol way too many people are taking this so seriously.
I enjoyed this simple analogy, will definitely be using it
United States where you get a $375,000 bill for a heart attack. 

No, not in Canada. No corporate greed. Health shouldn’t be a profit game. 

If a heart attack doesn’t get you, cancer will and vice versa. It’s wise not to start putting profits ahead of humans. 

Or we will be as fucked as America.
&gt;That might be because you're saying something flippantly that we're saying seriously.  

  

Not sure what flippantly is, and what does the way I was having a conversation have to do with your seperate conversation?  

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;We're not 'team Gun Owner', and I find myself disagreeing with people's pretenses on the subject all the time.  

  

Who was talking about teams?  I made a joke
I don't know why the RCMP doesn't flag suspicious purchasing patterns in the first place. 

Even buying 15 guns might not be that suspicious, if they're all older, collectible types of guns being purchased by some guy whose had an RPAL for 20 years.

Some guy who just got his RPAL a couple weeks ago buying the same shittly little Hi-Point twice in consecutive weeks ought to set off alarm bells though.
You have the burden of proof, you made the claim.
Well, it isn't the American system being emulated.
It's not as simple as that.  Lot's of guns are smuggled across the border.  Those guns are a not cheap. 

If someone in Canada buys a gun and scratches off all of the serial info, I think he can then sell the gun.  Only to claim later that it was stolen.  

The article that the other person posted that most guns we seem to not be able to track back to the original owner.
That doesn’t really roll off the tongue well and his supporters will probably be more energized by simplistic and divisive messages even if they are misleading about the actual policies
Looks like you've given up your prior pretense. 

I'm fine with that.
Stating that we should look to "limit the number of firearms in society though" is inherently a statement that doing so would be a good thing.

I'm waiting for someone to explain why. That isn't me making a claim.
Yeah.  It seems the article you posted leaves a lot of unanswered questions.  Which only infuriates the issue more, as I'd like good info on this.  

Is it also a possibility of serial numbers being scratched off and thus making it impossible to find out where they are coming from?
Car owner here. I have yet to hit someone, never been in trouble with the police, and no mental health issues.

I still need a permit and insurance and want assurance that other people who want cars need to be vetted and insured.
I do own guns, and I would be ok with this approach. I'm doing everything legally so I have nothing to be concerned about. I'm happy to provide you information to ensure as many guns as possible stay out of the hands of criminals. I also agree that criminals will get their hands on concealable firearms, even if handguns are banned. There are already intense and effective restrictions on handguns currently. The criminals don't give two hoots either way... They will still get them.
Lmao
Right, the statistics can be misleading. Kind of like how licensed gun owners are statistically less likely to commit crimes because any group that has criminal background checks as a requirement to join is going to have less criminals in it. It doesn’t mean people who like guns are inherently more law-abiding.
Citation needed
No. Get rid of the guns, I don't care why you have them.
&gt;lol why are you changing things to now a weapon being used to threaten to assassinate someone who may try to escape into a building or alley?

Okay there Tupac, I’m sure you’d stand there and bust right back as opposed to trying to get to shelter.  My argument that your car is a shitty/inefficient weapon compared to a gun hasn’t changed. You can’t just say “hurr durr moving the goalposts” and it automatically becomes true. You show me specifically where I did that or fuck off. 

&gt; we're talking about public acts of violence and danger to society.

Oh are we now? Since when? Guy complains about moving the goalposts then proceeds to do it in the next line.

&gt; I can hop in my car right now and go drive and run over tons of people on the sidewalk. 

Don’t do that please, it’s not very Canadian. That being said, you’re restricted to running people over on the sidewalk/street and there’s a shitton of things that can foil your plan, like stairs and ditches. Talk to me when you can do the same thing inside a building with your car without any of those problems. Also, please tell me you think your piece of shit 95 Corolla can go as fast as a bullet. 

&gt;You're moving the goalposts.

You don’t actually know what that means, do you?
&gt; Though by keeping a gun in his house the odds of someone dying by firearm in that house skyrockets

In America, generally by suicide but also in rare cases because Americans tend to leave loaded handguns in their bedside tables.  In Canada, almost entirely by suicide.
You ask me to say what I don't get, and then don't answer it? What the hell man.  And what pretense? I had no pretense beyond a simple joke. I thought it was funny he included yet.   
  
I think you just insanely overanaylized this and took it way too personal. That's what it seems like
It also slightly increases the chance that someone will steal that gun for nefarious reasons.
Thank you for respecting my ability to do things I enjoy that you don't personally care about.  I'll extend the same courtesy to you!

I think that's an important principle for non-gun people to recognize.
The laws sre designed so this does not happen. Have you even read them?
I don't think so. Most people i know go straight to the private sector anyways, because public healthcare in Canada always did underperform and it's a large chunk of the budget.

I live in Québec right now and i don't consider myself being assured by the public system. If something happens to me i consider myself dead.

He could bring some sort of hybrid plan to the table that could work, something with the provinces or something with the law. It's speculation at most right now but it's obvious not the last time we hear about this.

'Dead On Arrival' imo is just pessimistic and all in all non-factual. There are many ways it can be improved.

EDIT: btw what do you have against guns really? guns are fine.
&gt; to limit the number of firearms in society

The ideal society IMO is one in which anybody *can* have a gun, but nobody *needs* one. 

Since we're stable and prosperous and have really low crime, I think we're in a position where we don't need them, but should be able to have them.
How else would a toddler find a long gun in a safe?
It's civil disobedience and your 80 case probably applies to the stretch of the 400 that rarely has any construction going on yet remains 80 the entire long weekend and while no construction is going on, despite being perfectly safe at the 100 limit. When there is workers its an entirely different matter!

&amp;#x200B;

Make sensible laws and people will follow them. Limits need to be set higher in some areas and more strictly enforced. If the limits on the 407 for instance were increased to 120 and cops didn't tolerate anymore than 10 over then people wouldn't be so bothered!
[removed]
I'm all about the guns, and I thought your comment was hilarious.
Or it's not the pretense you're trying to maintain.
Obviously with the combo. How the fuck do *you* open safes?
lol nice one
We need to be smarter. "Get Ottawa out of healthcare" is something being taken out of context so let's call that out if we care about the truth here. What he said was that provinces should have full control, because right now it's hard to know who is responsible for problems. That is totally reasonable. He did not say he wanted to get the government out of healthcare, but rather that he wants to have the debate about the merits of more private delivery of some services, as many European countries do. Maybe that could help take the load off the public system and help everyone?

Some people can't stand that what he's saying makes sense, so they need to make a caricature of it to fit into their world view. But that's disingenuous. Let's be honest about what he's really saying so that we are informed voters.
I'm pretty confident that they could simplify my statement down to something a toddler could grasp without projecting a "We don't want public health care" vibe.
I am vetted and jumped through more hoops than it took for me to get my car license.

The real issue is with those gangmembers who don't legally obtain their guns.
[deleted]
What do you have and where do you shoot?
You sound like an authoritarian. It's none of your business why I have a gun. Stop trying to tell me how to live and what to own.
Very well said.

bUt ThE pOoRs CaN't AfFoRd A 10$ pArKiNg TiCkEt To ViSiTe ThE hOsPiTaL.

[insert spongbob meme here]
So you're trying to be a dick instead of actually discuss this. Gotcha.

It's a joke dude. Live with it
&gt; If other parties left guns in private hands alone no PC, or now PPC, candidate would be able to reliably call upon gun owners as a voting bloc

I don't agree. We both hang out in /r/canadaguns and I feel lot of posters there are socially conservative.  Way more bitching about refugees and liberal virtue signaling than I would like to read. Even if the Liberals left the gun laws alone, these people would never vote for them.
&gt; DOA right there

Only if you take those things out of context, ignore what he actually said, and make a caricature of it for your own political purposes. "Get Ottawa out of health care" for example was in reference to the fact that the provinces should have full control.
Yeah. The guys just a giant troll he keeps repeating nonsense indicating I have some agenda beyond making a joke.  
  
Sorry not him. Had a bunch of others just beating "I have a stance" down hard.
Why?
bang for buck, and route recommended by police: cracking down on gangs. even guns from across the border are a symptom of increased gang activity. legal guns getting into hands of criminals? ya better believe that's gang related. violent crimes involving firearms? das gangs.
I hear what you're saying, and that sounds really frustrating, but if the point of gun laws is to keep gun violence down, I think we're doing a pretty good job. 

There's always room for improvement of course, but I just don't understand when people say our gun laws are "stupid".
You're right - we should ban every possible material that could potentially be used to make any variation of a bomb.
If he had left Carbon Tax and Healthcare out of it...he would win the PM seat I think. Considering how many times he repeats ending carbon tax and privatizing healthcare...this Party will drain votes from the Conservative (probably every since one that has a brain)...but they won't win...not even close
If our system is so great, why is it rated lower than other countries, and just about every other country has refused to copy it, including France, Australia, and Switzerland, which are all similar to ourselves?
&gt; And holy shit, he really likes guns.

Or maybe people are so delusional about firearms that rational policies surrounding them seem over the top.
&gt; There was a better way to word this than "Get Ottawa out of health care" or "Breaking the taboo." The first gives too much of an impression that they're looking to eliminate national health care altogether.

This. The fact that they worded it like this has me saying NOPE right away. If they suggested we look at models from Europe...you know in a common sense fashion...perhaps I would consider it.
Semi-shotgun and an assault rifle, I don't want to share the exact ones online. I don't shoot any any specific place because there are no ranged in TO. So it depends on where friends want to go to.
thats a bit of a stretch. they'll probably try to pressure you to voluntarily give up your guns and license first, and then they'll take your guns and license away
&gt;We need to be smarter. 

The smart thing to do would be to account for the stupid when making political statements. More voters are going to skim the buzz words than do the deep dive onto what a politician actually means. Bernier needs to convince the people who "vote for the team" why his team is better, so he needs to pick his words carefully. He's even got successful existing models from Europe, as you noted, to point at.

&gt; What he said was that provinces should have full control, because right now it's hard to know who is to responsible for problems. That is totally reasonable.

Yeah. So he needs to say that. "Get Ottawa out of healthcare" is, laid bare, too evocative of ending public health care.

&gt; so they need to make a caricature of it to fit into their world view. But that's disingenuous.

That's what his opponents will do. He needs to plug the holes before they try and pry them open. That's politics. I'd love to say that every voter is going to make a concerted effort to make an informed choice about who they vote for, but that would be objectively wrong. 

The surface of Bernier's party *needs* to accurately reflect what he's about without ambiguity if he wants to get anywhere with his efforts, and as it stands, there's too much ambiguity in his party platform to convince CPC and LPC voters (who he knows will be the main people he has to swing) to give him a shot.
I support reasonable gun rights in Canada but not more than I like healthcare. Honestly the libs could save themselves quite the headache by adopting less of a hardline stance on guns. I think that's one policy where the left fails to listen to reason. Both sides have these weird positions that just make no sense when compared to public opinion and common sense. The right on abortion and the left on gun policy make two good examples.
Who's the moron who gave the toddler the combo? This scenario only works if the parent is illegally storing the forearm.
Can be if you have young children in a house
I would say it doesn't really tell you anything, one way or another.
If you buy more than 10 restricted firearms (handguns, AR15s etc), they do check.

http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/f-11.6/FullText.html

&gt;Inspection

&gt;102 (1) Subject to section 104, for the purpose of ensuring compliance with this Act and the regulations, an inspector may at any reasonable time enter and inspect any place where the inspector believes on reasonable grounds a business is being carried on or there is a record of a business, any place in which the inspector believes on reasonable grounds there is a gun collection or a record in relation to a gun collection or any place in which the inspector believes on reasonable grounds there is a prohibited firearm or there are more than 10 firearms and may

&gt;(a) open any container that the inspector believes on reasonable grounds contains a firearm or other thing in respect of which this Act or the regulations apply;

&gt;(b) examine any firearm and examine any other thing that the inspector finds and take samples of it;

&gt;(c) conduct any tests or analyses or take any measurements; and

&gt;(d) require any person to produce for examination or copying any records, books of account or other documents that the inspector believes on reasonable grounds contain information that is relevant to the enforcement of this Act or the regulations.


However, you can get a hundred of non-restricted and the RCMP would never know. Personally, I want a couple of these bad boys:

https://www.wolverinesupplies.com/ProductDetail/KODWK180CONLINE_Kodiak-Defense-WK180-C-5-56--DEPOSIT-ONLY#?sortValue=0
He’s also anti-net neutrality
Because of a lot of reasons, not the least of which are the snaking tendrils that will make their way up across our border. 

In my opinion, a two-tier health care system is very little about helping Canadians and much more about enriching Americans.
As a gun owner, I think lot of gun owners aren't necessarily single issue voters but the single issue of guns can dissuade them from voting.

I would personally have very little problem voting for the Liberals of say 10 years ago (today's Liberals are completely out to lunch) and their stance on guns stopped me every single time.
No you don't understand, a majority of Canadians know fuck all about our gun laws so anything remotely pro gun is AHHHHH ITS THE NRA AND THE SECOND AMENDMENT
Okay, this single data point has completely changed my views on gun control. Thank you. /s
&gt; I mean every European country has private health care, mixed with public.

well so does America
&gt;You made a claim about worthwhile goals.

I asked why "limiting the number of firearms in society" is a worthwile goal. You still haven't answered.
Fortunately, the party might be DOA in an election, but they will take down the Conservatives with them.
If anyone wants to laugh at our horrendous gun laws, just look at the laws around magazine capacity.

tl;dr 

Citizens have to restrict their mag capacity with a pin/screw (limiting a 30-round mag to hold only 5 rounds) , but a criminal can just remove the pin/screw and load up a full mag. Somehow, this is supposed to make us feel safer.
Actually I would argue you made the claim and the burden of proof falls on you. There are existing laws and policies. You are suggesting we should create additional laws and policies therefore the burden of proof falls on you to provide justification. There are already numerous statistics floating around that crime guns are not often legally obtained. You want some evidence? https://www.cbc.ca/amp/1.4807778

There. Now tell us why you think further policies for legal gun owners will stop crime.
Oh it gets better. [This thing is banned by name](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heckler_%26_Koch_G11). Nevermind it's a prototype that was never adopted, and getting ammo for it is a near impossibility. At least we can all sleep soundly knowing we're safe from teutonic space magic.
Your opinion which you've provided zero to back it up other than "snaking tendrils". Okay then.
Ebola owner here. I have yet to infest someone. Never been in trouble with the police and no mental health issues. Leave me alone. (*cough*)
Not if you follow the law and store it properly.
I have to agree with all this, but well-reasoned approaches don't always work well with hot button topics. I forsee two things coming from this. One: Putting the Cons in an horrible position when debate time comes. (Either they agree with Max or they want to 'ban guns').
Two: Along with other parts of the platform, he seems to be playing to the rural voter and alienating the urban ones. Could anyone tell me how the demographics of that break down?
...Dude, you are *really* pretentious.
That's what every gun owner who later murdered, accidentally killed, or had their children accidentally shoot someone or themselves could argue as well.
Funny, people said the same thing about all of Doug Ford's proposals.

Reddit really has a hard time grasping that there are people who aren't far-left liberal university kids.
Criminals do steal other people's guns though. It's a bit of a canard.
&gt; do you feel like the government is harassing you or trying to take your guns away

Honestly, any Canadian gun owner who doesn't feel this way right now simply isn't paying attention. The mayors or prospective mayors of several major Canadian cities have called for blanket bans and the Liberals are literally debating *right now* at their policy summit whether or not they should go ahead and ban handguns and 'assault weapons', or enforce some other kind of strict measures.

Most of the political rhetoric, including a lot that's based on really, really bad data, conflates law-abiding gun owners with people who illegally acquire and use guns for criminal purposes.

Gun owners, particularly the articulate ones, generally consider themselves straight-arrow, law-and-order types, which is why they often refer to themselves as 'law-abiding'-- because that term carries a special significance and distinction vs. people who illegally own guns. So when the mayor of Toronto suggests that gun owners should go shoot somewhere outside the city as though that will have literally any effect on gang members, or proposes that handguns and ammunition not be sold in Toronto, or when Toronto city council almost unanimously approves a resolution calling on the federal government to ban handguns and 'assault weapons' because a bunch of gangbangers used illegally acquired guns to shoot up a neighbourhood, Canadian gun owners feel like they are being harassed and persecuted in ways that will have no effect on the actual problem. They feel like convenient political targets and, frankly, they're not wrong.
&gt; Breaking the taboo around private sector involvement in healthcare will bring innovation. 

This bugs me. I liked a lot of the things in his platform but if he is pushing for privatization of healthcare, which would lead to the slippery slope of two tier healthcare, Im out.
I don't know how you interpreted that as all 2 million of them think exactly the same but ok
[deleted]
Almost every country in the world has some kind of two-tier system.  Including highly lauded ones like Germany's.
and you can put a fence around your pool and yet kids still drown
Canada already has a private healthcare system. Physicians do not work for the state; they are independent contractors who bill the state for services rendered. Our public hospitals are shells within which contractors provide cleaning, physician services, food, maintenance, etc. About the only class of healthcare professional actually employed by the state is nurses.

When you talk about private healthcare, what you're really talking about is a multi-payor system where patients can jump the queue of the public system if they are sufficiently rich. This model creates an inescapable inequality: those with money have better healthcare. And once a private tier exists, political support for the public system drains away, leading to the situation we have in the UK where the NHS is chronically underfunded. Believe me, you don't want to spend time in a public NHS hospital.

Canada actually has a great healthcare model. We deliver high quality care to everyone, regardless of their ability to pay. And to the extent that people grumble about waiting lists, the truth is that the system is at least fair, and there is widespread support to carry on funding it properly. This would all change if a parallel private system were brought into existence.
You asked "Why", I gave you my opinion. You never asked for specifics.
&gt;help us bring freedom and prosperity to Canada!  

It's another fucking conservative party here to take away our rights put the country further in debt.
Well that's why I said "they've made no effort to find out." Or at least, no concerted effort. 

Its not hard to deface a serial number such that you can't read it anymore just by looking at it. But it is pretty difficult to remove a serial number such that it can't be recovered by any forensic techniques. Especially with more modern firearms, where serial numbers are often stamped/etched in additional locations where removing them without rendering the firearm inoperable is difficult. 

It may be the case that these guns have defaced serial numbers, but the police aren't actually going through the effort to recover the serial numbers beyond just trying to visually read them.

Or it could be that the police literally aren't even bothering to try and trace them, even with perfectly intact serial numbers.

Or it could be the other possibility, that they are making a serious effort to trace them, but no history comes up.
There are approximately 2.5 million legal defensive gun uses in the USA every year, so I'd say it works pretty well.
I keep hearing about how LOTS of legal guns end up in the hands of criminals via theft or fake buyers. Can anyone cite some numbers on the veracity of this? My gut instinct tells me that it's a minority of the weapons in criminal hands, but I really don't know.
Fuck this. They will have to pry public healthcare from my cold, dead hands.
There's a big correlating factor but it's likely to get you banned for mentioning it.
&gt; for example, if you buy 15 guns, which you are legally allowed to do, there should be more people coming by a year later and checking that you actually still have all 15, and if you don't, you have to explain where they went. 

Gahhh, I agreed with you until this. I get the merit behind it, like I do, but I just hate the idea of government/police knocking at my door to do a gun inventory. Im sure it would end up costing millions of dollars a year and be a total abuse of power.

"While we are here we are going to count how many marijuanas you have growing"
I know absolutely nothing about this guy nor the rest of his platform yet but this aspect actually sounds really god damn sensible. Canada's gun laws are absolutely fucked and can definitely be cleaned up without compromising on safety. This list sounds almost precisely like what most people who are experienced with the system propose.
That's nice.
I understand that healthcare is important to a lot of people, but to be taxed less and save up to use whatever healthcare I want would be pretty awesome, no waiting months or years for procedures or to get a family doctor.
I wish we knew the answer to that.  It's hard to make evidence based decisions without the evidence.  :(
You don't even need a reason to own one. You should be free to own whatever you want. Killing people is already illegal.
You don't own an assault rifle. They're prohibited. You have an AR clone? They're next after the hand guns.
Most of what this guy seems to be proposing with regards to guns simply cleans up the laws and makes them less fucked, at no expense to public safety and with no actual relaxation of the laws. His gun policy seems pretty good actually.
True, that's a problem

Maybe some countries lose doctors to Switzerland or Norway, but it's problem an order of magnitude less of a problem than it is for us

I'd like to see us be more open to foreign medical degrees to remedy that doctor deficit though
I didn't say the PCs couldn't call upon the same voters as a voting bloc for *other reasons* just not guns.
Id rather vote for someone who would try to take all guns away yet put more into healthcare than this guy.

Gun right are important to me, but healthcare, education and many other issue are more important. My legal right to own a gun is not vital to anything other than my own hobby and enjoyment. Im not so selfish and egotistical to think that my **hobby** is more important than the healthcare system of 35 million fellow Canadians.

People need to get their fucking priorities in order.
I don’t think that’s a fair comparison. Maybe a fence around a pool with no water in it. 

www.rcmp-grc.gc.ca/cfp-pcaf/fs-fd/storage-entreposage-eng.htm
Quebecer here. Most folks that I have spoken with that have used the for-pay clinics have spoken highly of them. No, it's not cheap, but it is their $ to spend. And every rich guy that goes to a for profit clinic undoubtedly reduces the load on the public system. He still has to pay his full share into the public system, so It's a voluntary extra tax in a manner of speaking.
&gt; until the past year or so

when they became a forced meme

seriously, though, people have been trying to instigate this for decades, and it's been irrespective of public support, low or high

i wouldn't try to make this the anti-liberal/moderate thing, that will have moderates clutching to the party in response
I wouldn't say our gun laws are stupid but restricting or prohibiting a gun based on name is stupid as hell. If you can't find a reason to restrict or prohib a gun based on function then change the regs so that super dangerous function is properly classified or don't restrict/prohib it. 

Just look up the blaze-47 vs the blaze
The policies themselves seem perfectly fine to me but it does seem odd to lean so heavily on that as a part of your platform.
[deleted]
They are required to be locked up in a safe with trigger locks.
Then what’s the point of having s pool.
&gt; There's also this ranking

Jesus..
3 San Marino
4 Andorra
5 Malta
6 Singapore

Tiny city states should not even count. Of course it's easier and better if you only need 3 or 4 specialists to service your entire population.
&gt;	Quebec - which has semi moved away from single payer will actually be OK with this. As will Alberta.

Not sure how Quebec has semi moved away from single payer. If you see a physician in a clinic or in a hospital, you only need your « Carte soleil » that offers universal coverage. 

Not saying it’d be a bad idea!
Pinning magazines doesn't stop someone from breaking the law and unpinning it to make a 30 round mag, just like having pistols be restricted doesn't stop someone from just buying one illegally.

Gun laws like this are about having less guns or large mags out there. Its not about stopping anything, its about preventing an issue.
and you can forget to do that just like forgetting to lock a gate around a pool
Well, I guess that solves the gun debate. A man has a gun and hasn't killed anyone, we should stop worrying about guns! Let's be more like the US guys
&gt; So he needs to say that. "Get Ottawa out of healthcare" is, laid bare, too evocative of ending public health care.

He did say it in the press conference. The Ottawa quote is missing that context.

I don't really agree with what you said.

What you are suggesting seems to be that he filter his words and put on a face like other politicians - no thanks. He should say what he thinks, and we need to be smart enough not to jump to conclusions and should ask for clarification when appropriate. Your idea is to shift the blame from the people to the politician - but I do not subscribe to that mentality. We need to do better. It's not the government's responsibility to baby us and to pander. Their job is to tell is the truth, not what they think we want to hear. That is a huge part of what Bernier is about.
&gt; criminals who obtain them illegally.

Often (but certainly not always) by stealing them from legal gun owners.

I'm not worried about responsible gun owners shooting up the place. 

.

The question always comes down to "how to keep guns away from people who want to hurt other people".

I don't know if there is a single "best" answer to that question, but it would seem that improving ways to limit the possibility of legal guns making their way into the illegal market is a reasonable path to explore.
Yeah. Which is stupid, because correlation isn't causation, and by extension *pointing out* a correlation isn't asserting a causation. It's also stupid because that correlation applies to *victims* just as much as it does perpetrators. You'd think saying something like "hey, this demographic is disproportionately more likely to be the victim of a violent crime than everyone else, what can we do to fix that?" would play well with the "woke" crowd.
Because the RCMP are for the most part ineffective?
Not so much that he is alienating urban voters (but I would think his stance on telecom is up there), as he is playing to rural ones and the regions. Except for the supply management thing, of course. And that's pretty local to specific industries.
Firearms must be unloaded, locked then locked again in a container. Ammunition must be stored in a separate container (unless in a safe). I’m just going with your analogy.
Are we still having this stupid argument? You could use a car as a masturbation tool, it doesn't mean you label cars as a sex toy rather than a mode of transportation. Guns used for sport and competition still have the underlying purpose of killing, because you can't kill if you're not accurate.

If you are hellbent on claiming that guns are designed for sport rather than for killing, then you'd be hypocritical to claim that guns are for self-protection.
Hidden in the vegetable crisper, no kid will ever look there.
I 100% agree, these countries should get an asterisk or something next to their names. It reminds a little of hockey players with insane pts/game stats, but who played only like 5 games. There should be a filter for countries size and population
[deleted]
Isn't that what a family doctor is for? I always go see the same and just need to wait at most, an hour.
That's why you complete courses on the matter, and then are subject to random inspections by the RCMP who can charge you with a federal offense and confiscate all of your firearms if you forget. You don't forget.
By default, we have the freedom to own whatever we wish to own; this axiom is what our free society is founded on. If I invent a new technology, is it illegal to own until a government has determined if it is "worthwhile" for citizens to own it? No, it is legal by default, and the burden of proof is on the person who wishes to restrict that freedom.
Where did that happen?
And yet it’s still more dangerous then not having s gun
Not law abiding gun owners... criminals don’t follow the law including this, that’s why they’re criminals.
&gt;One news story about a toddler finding a parent's gun and accidentally shooting someone or themselves is one incident too many.

Just out of curiosity, since you say you dont want to ban guns, what laws would you put into place to make sure that things like that never happen?
&gt; prohibiting a gun based on name is stupid as hell.

Totally. 

Ha, hadn't heard of the blaze-47, but isn't it banned on more than just name though? It's clearly trying to make sales based on the fact it looks like an AK-47, no?

Honestly, I have no problem with Canada banning a gun like that. I also understand that if I was a gun enthusiast, I would be annoyed that I can't add that to my collection simply because it looks different from another model. 

I guess for me, when the other side of the argument is "I'm annoyed I can't buy guns that look cool", it moves wayyyyy down my list of priorities for political parties.
Just like it's more dangerous to have a staircase in your house. Except the staircase is probably an order of magnitude or two more dangerous.
Ok? And doesn’t really change much
Exactly the same as Stephen Paddock, the Las Vegas mass shooter, and Aaron Alexis the Washington Navy Yard mass shooter.

I would bet that at least half of mass shooters have no police records and no diagnosed mental health issues.  Sure, after the shooting people say "well clearly he had undiagnosed mental health issues".
Thanks for the comparisons. Totally valid.
Well, that's kind of the issue that was implied by what I was saying.

I know for a fact the people at the CFP in Miramichi, and at the CFO office in Orillia, can pull up my license information, and see every restricted I have registered under me, as well as see pending transfers. With that in mind, I don't understand how someone can buy several dozen restricted firearms over the course of a couple months, and no one asks any questions about it.
I don't know. I'm not familiar enough with our existing gun laws to answer that question. Perhaps a stipulation that parents who want to own guns need to keep them under lock and key with the weapon and ammunition stored in separate rooms? Perhaps the punishment for such incidents should be so severe that those parents take precautions above and beyond what seems reasonable? 

But then again, that's why I'm not a policy maker. Frankly, I guess I think it's not worth banning guns entirely because I don't think you'd get enough support from the general public for such a law so I accept it as an unfortunate reality. And I consider myself fortunate I've never come face to face with a live weapon in a dangerous situation and I live in a city where such an occurrence is unlikely or rare.
Yeah it was prohibbed cause of its appearance an identical gun without a pistol grip or wooden furniture was non-restricted.

I guess I just disagree. Appearance should have no effect on classification.

I agree with your last point I wouldn't change my vote over it but I still find it frustrating that they decided that a pistol grip and some wood is the difference between non-restricted and prohibited
Why are you (and the liberal party) attacking law abiding gun owners when these criminals are the real problem. They don’t go through the whole process of obtaining a legal firearm that can take a minimum of 2.5 months (in Ontario).
People who are anti-gun don't know anything about guns. That's how laws like this get passed. I'm not a gun owner, but the ignorance of people who are vehemently anti-gun is what drives people to vote for the party that is most pro gun.
[deleted]
Worked for Nancy Lanza.
So what if he likes firearms? They have practical and recreational uses you know, they're not just used for crime. Basing your opinion on someone just because of that is really weak minded.
It's definitely a relaxation of the laws. Although, how dangerous are those relaxations? I have no idea.

It does worry me a little bit that gun ownership is one of his party's 7 planks. We don't have 7 more important things than making guns easier to buy and keep?
Attacking? Just trying to say that owning a gun can make it more dangerous for children and others in a home
[deleted]
Yep. I'd also want to know if the number of guns "traced back to lawful Canadian owners" is filtering down to just guns owned by private citizens, or if its just counting guns lawfully owned by any Canadian *entity*. It's an important distinction, because there are also a number of guns stolen from or lost by law enforcement agencies. When that statistic was still being tracked (the RCMP stopped a few years ago) it was around a hundred guns every year across Canada.
You're one of the lucky few who has a family doctor.
If all guns were bright pink and shaped like dildos, would kids/gangs still think it's tough or "cool" to have one?

I agree it's stupid, but appearance does matter... at least a bit?
I don't disagree with owning guns, I also have no problem with hunting, collecting, etc... I think people should be allowed to have guns.
    

But I don't think it should be a **RIGHT**. Gun ownership should be (as it is) a privilege, and it should be restricted to people who can prove themselves to be capable of handling a firearm, and not resorting to... well everything that's in the news south of the border.
Restrictive rules make for less of an item in circulation, reducing that items usage.

A person could turn a 5 round pinned mag into a 30 round mag, but they would be risking a lot and it would take some effort. This makes for less 30 round magazines. Far less. Less in circulation is the goal and it works.

The other side of these laws is they restrict the freedoms of law abiding citizens. This is the price the government and a majority of Canadians are willing to pay for having far less gun violence and far less mass shootings than the USA.

Its all about balance. You dont want to restrict things too much as that just creates resentment, but having everything unregulated leads to massively increased gun violence and a culture more like America that Canadians do not want.
Same thing with me and my car. I still need to register it and I can't drive a tank down the road just because it's fun.
Your 2nd point is the exact flawed logic that results in a situation like the US has.
You monster! /s
If all cars looked like brown minivans would there be less kids speeding or wanting to own one?

It'd probably affect it a bit or maybe they'd just change what they think is cool about it
When there are more legal guns in a country there are more guns that can be obtained illegally. My gun is legal until somebody steals it from me.
I'm fully registered.

The real problem is the gangs that have access to illegal guns. Let's put our efforts into dealing with that.
Maybe have you thought about that at being why people are attracted to Bernier ? If every party made their platform on what “you can win an election on” then we would still have the PC Liberal NDP now wouldn’t we?

Attitudes can shift with the right vision and leader who is honest with his belief
Basically. ITT I've already been compared to mass murderers.
[deleted]
What about the left wing gun owners? My dad voted for Trudeau and the only reason he doesn’t have more than one gun is because we ran out of money.
hmm, thanks for your reply
\&gt;  I don't own guns, but I'm against blanket handgun bans because first, we aren't the United States, we already have many gun laws which help us avoid the type of insanity down there 

&amp;#x200B;

Yeah we're not the US because we have sensible gun regulation. Do you want to be the US?
[deleted]
You would probably take it seriously too if a long list of Prime Ministers, Premiers and opposition leaders called you a criminal that just hasn't yet committed a crime and put more restrictions on your Rights because of that completely baseless judgement while doing nothing whatsoever to protect people against those who DO actually commit crimes. 

It's just a joke to you but it's reality for 2+ million Canadians. 

Do you think "it's just a joke" would be an appropriate justification for assuming a homosexual male is affected by AIDS?
I sincerely appreciate that -- thank you. It bothers me when I am demonized for wanting more sensible gun laws or treated as a criminal for owning firearms.
&gt; gun rights

I want to make an important correction here

We have gun **PRIVILEGES**.

We have no gun rights in Canada. None. zilch.

We gun owners are litterally criminals for possessing firearms. But we *DE-criminalize* ourselves by getting a license and being vetted (everyday).

So if our license gets revoked, taken away or something else, and we have guns in our possession, we get fucked by the horse police.
Correction. They *can* check. They rarely do. 

Why they rarely use the tools they already have to protect people is a question that should be asked of those that always use tragedies to push for more rules giving them powers to oppress people with.
That sounds a lot like blaming the victim of crime for the crime.
That is an insane reach that doesn't even compare. How the fuck do you think a joke about the use of the word "yet" is comparable to a discrimination?
[deleted]
I had no idea it was hard to get one, guess I'm a bit naive when it comes to that.
&gt; I don't know why the RCMP doesn't flag suspicious purchasing patterns in the first place.

The RCMP uses tragedies to push for more laws giving them powers to oppress the population. 

Do you understand why they don't flag suspicious firearm purchases now?
everyone I know owns at least one gun...
Gun violence is veryyyy low in Canada thanks specificaly to those strict gun laws.

fighting crime is another story all together..
I second this.

When looking at .22 for plinking in Canada you can come across three different guns that look identical to a non gun enthusiast and have 3 different classifications.

For example the Mossberg 815t, Rugar 10/22 tactical, and S&amp;W M&amp;P 15/22

Mossberg 815t, Non-restricted no limit on mag size

Ruger 10/22 tactical, Non-restricted, Magazine limited to 10 rounds as it's magazine will also fit in a .22 pistol. It doesn't matter that you don't even own the pistol. You may have never even seen the 10/22 pistol but your mag is restricted.

S&amp;W M&amp;P 15/22 - Restricted weapon - However, you are not limited on the magazine size. It is restricted cause it it based on the AR platform but the magazine is not limited because it is a .22 rifle. This one is kinda understandable because the weapon could be configured to shoot .223 or other calibers. 

I guarantee anybody googling these weapons and looking at photos would agree that visually, for somebody who may not know guns, they are indistinguishable.
[deleted]
They might provide the benefit of splitting the conservative vote.
I hear you, but I don't think it's just a pistol grip and some wood though. It's the reasoning behind why they added those elements to the gun.

Guns aren't supposed to be "fun" or "interesting". That they perform a task, and it's a task that our politicians and police need to treat with the utmost care and respect. If that's why that gun was banned, I'm fine with it.

Or maybe they banned it because they wanted to flex their muscles. I don't know.
From what I've read it's not really, if you know more than the very basics of our gun laws you'll know how intensely contradictory and inconsistent they are. It's actually comical how bad they are. Most of what he's proposing just cleans that mess up without actually relaxing them.
I disagree. There are a lot of people who support a two-tier system that doesn't go against free healthcare. With our electoral system, the people against it aren't enough to lose an election. A lot of people are frustrated with our system and are willing to give alternatives a try.  

Not saying it's as simple as that, but from the point of view of many people, it's about letting the rich pay for faster health care if they want, which will free up public health care.

Also, if Ottawa is out of healthcare, this would mean that individual provinces will be able to decide what kind of healthcare they want.
The private system would have to compete with the public system, it cannot afford to become super expensive like the American systems...
Well, the RCMP keeps re-interpreting the current laws and regulations, slowly making items that have been perfectly legal for decades prohibited overnight and then stealing those items from their lawful owners. 

Just look up Butler Creek magazines, CZ 858 rifles and the Swiss Arms Model Classic Green rifle. 

Few people have the financial resources to fight a legal battle against the Federal Government and the few who do get to spend tens of thousands of dollars defending themselves only for the Government to suddenly back down because they know they won't win, but they still go after the next guy who dares stand up for himself.
We can still have Canadian content rules with foreign entities, if they want to separate the issues. 

Also, the automatic response is that the (big bad) American companies will take over. I am sure that there are plenty of European telecoms that would love to get a toe hold in NA.
Is aesthetics not a reasonable reason for adding those? Does every gun that resembles an AR15 have to be restricted and every gun that resembles an AK47 prohibited? I don't think so and I'm pretty sure if I actually looked I'd find non-prohib ak-47 lookalikes to go along with the non-restricted ar-15 lookalikes

Why can't guns be fun or interesting? Yeah they need to be respected but that doesn't mean they have to be barebones and completely lacking in attractive design
Manitoba has a hybrid for tests like MRIs but nothing major like surgery
that's what I already have, with no copay.
We can't do that or all our doctors leave for the US, it is why our costs have increased so much since the 90s when we bumped all rates to save our workforce
except most of the guns used in crime in Canada don't come from Canadian licensed gun owners.
Or the fact the way they do it would not work here, they pay their healthcare workers 30% less (or even lower) because they don't have the risk that they will run to the US for a better wages, it's our biggest cost driver, the american brain drain.
&gt; No, it's because the government has a history of screwing these kinds of things up on a massive scale.

...and your solution to that is to make sure they have no competition to offer an alternative to the massively screwed up system?

That's sounds like enabling to me.
&gt; ...and your solution to that is to make sure they have no competition to offer an alternative to the massively screwed up system?

My solution would involve doing a full and proper audit to figure out what is most broken and what is in most need of repair and then working to repair it.

To me, building a second tier on top of an already damaged system seems like it's only going to ensure that the damage system fails entirely.
Not all 2 million licensed gun owners think the same either.
There's a pretty simple way to fix that; Make the med students pay for the real cost of their education, which gets refunded to them over x years of practicing in Canada. 

If training a doctor costs a million dollars, give them an interest-free million dollar student loan, where $100k gets waived for every year they practice medicine in Canada. At least we'll get 10 years worth of service for the education we financed.
[deleted]
But it is good enough reason to force you to put a fence around that pool, and hold you liable for negligence causing drownings. It is a good enough reason to force you to take out the appropriate permits, locates, etc.
I actually really agree with his ideas of gun-laws. I just cant get behind no climate-change protocol and the fact he is against net neutrality. I don't know, guess we'll know more with the weeks to come.
&gt;Okay there Tupac, I’m sure you’d stand there and bust right back as opposed to trying to get to shelter. My argument that your car is a shitty/inefficient weapon compared to a gun hasn’t changed

what are you jabbering about? Why are you trying so hard to argue that cars can't be deadly weapons and vehicles aren't capable of massacring tons of people with relative ease?

&gt;You can’t just say “hurr durr moving the goalposts” and it automatically becomes true. You show me specifically where I did that or fuck off.

other guy said "it's just as easy to go on a rampage with a vehicle and mow people down"

you disagreed and said said "“I’m gonna kill you as soon as you’re in a spot: 1) I’d be able to fit my car into otherwise my car as a weapon is useless
2) that doesn’t have tight alleyways that you would be able to run into otherwise my car as a weapon is useless
3) where there are no buildings that you would be able to run inside of otherwise my car as a weapon is useless 
4) where there are no stairs or trees otherwise my car as a weapon is useless.”

which was moving the goalposts from "it's easy to go on a murderous rampage with a vehicle" to "if you threaten to kill someone with your car they can just hide in buildings or narrow alleys". That's called "moving the goalposts" because you couldn't argue that cars weren't just as easily used as deadly weapons as guns are, so you had to switch things up to try and argue how guns are smaller and can be brought in more places.

&gt;Also, please tell me you think your piece of shit 95 Corolla can go as fast as a bullet. 

ahahahahahahhahahahaha

lol you're not actually bringing that up as a point, are you? wow ok, you're right, cars don't move as fast as bullets, that proves cars aren't easy to use as deadly weapons. wow. how convincing. what a great argument you've made. lol
[deleted]
Voters who view gun laws as extremely important. I’m a gun owner and avid hunter and Gun laws matter very little to me. I just want my rifle and my shotgun. They don’t use magazines and I don’t care for getting more guns. I care about my family’s health, their well being, my food, my water, my roads, the environment, taxes. People have their priorities where they put them and you can’t hold that against people.
I think looking into ways of getting the people who want to hurt other people away from all of us would be a lot more effective and logical.
Some people just thought that people in Ontario are smart enough to not want Doug fucking Ford.
&gt; I'm not familiar enough with our existing gun laws to answer that question.

[Here, educate yourself. It's not that long a read.](http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/regulations/SOR-98-209/index.html)
&gt;but if the point of gun laws is to keep gun violence down, I think we're doing a pretty good job. 

how so? I'd say we have low gun violence for a variety of other reasons.
I feel like it's a common issue with a lot of our tertiary government organizations. It's easy to get by doing the bare minimum because there's no oversight. 

Many of our provincial energy corps and privately-run infrastructural companies are guilty of this plus quite a bit of nepotism.

It's interesting to look up Ontario's Sunshine List and examine how many of the top 100 are OPG employees.
Right... right. Someone disagrees with you and clearly it's because they don't know what they're talking about...
Oh well I guess we should legalize murder too since people still commit homicide.
&gt;Ha, hadn't heard of the blaze-47, but isn't it banned on more than just name though? It's clearly trying to make sales based on the fact it looks like an AK-47, no?

right but it's literally just a plastic shell over a Mossberg blaze. functionally, it's 100% identical to any other Mossberg blaze, just with different furniture. it's literally banned as an "AK variant" which is absurd.
And I'm a Canadian who enjoys being able to live comfortably knowing almost nobody around me could kill me instantly from long range given the chance. But you and people who would support this party would rather us become like the US, with massive gun saturation leading to a huge illegal gun market and increased gun violence.

No thanks.
Cool beans. So as a responsible gun owner your good with them being locked up for storage with no ammunition? Restrictions on ages that can use them and circumstances? Restrictions on what models you can use? you know, like cars.
He wants to turn healthcare over to the provinces, entirely AFAIK -why is that DOA? Seems like we could use a lot less red tape with our healthcare system.

&gt;And holy shit, he really likes guns.

heh, bit of a knee jerk. He actually wants reasonable gun control reform (that's not an exclusive term to the Left, BTW). For example: not arbitrarily having the RCMP make/enforce gun laws, but having them being voted in Parliament! Gasp!
I keep hearing that automation is taking all the jobs away and that we need Universal Basic Income to compensate for everyone losing their jobs. 

Which is it? Do we need more people to work or are all the jobs going away?
to the contrary guns are supposed to be useful, fun and entertaining.  


there is 2 guns the CZ-858 and the CZ-858 "spartan" bill C-71 is looking to ban the CZ-858 but it is still purchaseable right now.   


the CZ-858 however is prohibited or illegal in canada.   


they are EXACTLY the same firearm. same functions same EVERYTHING besides for one little engraving on the wood.  


the 858 spartan has a spartan helmet and the words molon labe engraved into the wood. so it was banned.   


THOSE are stupid gun laws.
Yes. Mine are currently locked up, disassembled, with ammo locked up separately.

I assume your car is locked up, disassembled, with no engine in it in your garage?
leave your hand guns at the door and you are free to take the rest
For the crimes that are done with illegally obtained firearms, how do you think those guns are obtained? From legally owned ones being stolen... The more lax our restrictions on guns, the more people end up owning them and the greater the influx into the illegal market.
&gt;Honestly the libs could save themselves quite the headache by adopting less of a hardline stance on guns

well, go for it, convince them of that. good luck.

&gt;Both sides have these weird positions that just make no sense when compared to public opinion and common sense. The right on abortion and the left on gun policy make two good examples.

at very least though, the conservative party (and indeed bernier's party, it seems) don't really touch abortion. They aren't pushing it, they don't talk about it. the liberals, on the other hand, are pushing gun control policies.
yup. gotta keep all those german space gats off our streets
&gt; Which is it? Do we need more people to work or are all the jobs going away?

Is nuance not a thing anymore...?

Automation will eliminate some jobs will creating new ones in different or similar fields. We may, eventually, get to a place where we're all WALL-E'd as a society but that day is nowhere near today.
Don't have a handgun yet, but I do have my RPAL.
&gt; You can't win an election in Canada - the country that bills its national identity as not being the USA because it has "free" healthcare

Sure you can, if you cut through the bullshit and lies of the people who only want to maintain a gov't monopoly on healthcare.  This guy sounds like he actually has the balls to stand up to those people and their sacred cow. Good.
Cars kill more than guns.  Get rid of your cars first. /s
It’s not that gun voters would vote liberal, its that they would be less mobilized to vote.

The reason single issue candidates for gun rights and abortion work is because people who care about those issues *really* care about those issues, and are more likely to turn out and vote for “their” candidate.
&gt;We hva gun PRIVILEGES.

&gt;We have no gun rights in Canada. None. zilch.

we have gun rights. it's a natural right that extends from my right to private property and right to self defense.

what you're talking about is the fact that the Canadian government does not recognize my gun rights, and infringes on them.
&gt;but any party wants to privatise ANYTHING does not get my vote IMO.

so you believe government should control everything in society? lol
don't forget, the blaze-47, prohibited.

it's a fucking joke. the laws are a joke.
&gt; Decentralizing government.  

Yeah, it looks like a different flavor of the GOP to the south.
No matter how you feel about gun laws, looking at the above example it's obvious that whoever came up with it didn't think their law through and/or proposed it to appear tougher on gun control while not actually doing anything.  

Someone who is planning on shooting other people isn't going to worry about the much smaller crime of removing a pin/screw from a magazine.  The only people who are obeying the law will be the people who won't be shooting other people anyways.
...Except those have a tendency to be undone in subsequent elections, in massive, sweeping (and uniting) gestures, like much of Mike Harris' work was undone by the Liberals in Ontario. 

We have got to have the worst, most short-sighted pro-authoritarians in the world in this nation (as in 'bad at authoritarian pretense', as opposed to 'most villainous'). Your plans just don't take into account sunset clauses, or the rejection makind bad moves like that translates to (almost *twenty years of Liberal leadership*, as a pointed rebuttal).
Whenever I get into a debate about gone with someone vehemently against them, I just ask them to explain things to me like I've never heard of guns before.

Inevitably, they entirely fuck up a very basic concept with guns, proving they know fuck all. Then I ask then of thru really should be advocating for things in a field they don't know or understand.


They typically shut up then.
Just make it illegal for criminals to have guns. Problem solved. 

/s
and?
I guess he believes if he makes up a controversy around guns and confuses Canadians with American conspiracy theory nonsense they will vote for him to protect their unthreatened guns.
&gt;Voters who view gun laws as extremely important. I’m a gun owner and avid hunter and Gun laws matter very little to me

good for you?

&gt; I just want my rifle and my shotgun

and when they want to ban those?

&gt;People have their priorities where they put them and you can’t hold that against people.

what's your point?
He's coming right for us!
I don’t think many people hold firearms in large priority. Here’s the point: Gun owners are a huge minority in Canada and having your platform focused so heavily on things not many people care about isn’t a good way to win votes. This platform isn’t going to steal votes from Trudeau.
If the traffic is moving at 120, do the same. You will be far safer than going 100 and looking like a pylon to all those around you.
Just a thought, but it's possible that some of those people might just be parroting "their politicians" views.  They choose the party that's most pro-gun and go all in on them.  If there was another party that was more in line with their views on guns, they might be more inclined to listen to what they have to say.

I'm not saying that there would be a huge shift, but I think it would be something.
At what margin though? Vast majority of gun crime every year is gang related.
It's not an either/or thing.

It is possible to take a multi-pronged approach to preventing people from getting hurt by other people.

Putting more effort into preventing people from getting to the point where they are likely to hurt someone else should be one of the  highest priorities.  

But we can also make it harder for them to get the means to harm other people as well.
One other thing I find odd. Ask any gun owner what they own. And the answer is going to be make, model and calibre.

 Not " a semi-shotgun and a 100% illegal rifle".
When it's explained it actually makes perfect sense why two are restricted in certain ways. (i'm assuming the mossberg doesn't use the same mag as the ruger?)

One can be configured to fire a restricted caliber. and other has a restricted capacity as it uses the same setup as a restricted handgun does.  If ruger was that concerned about it the should have changed design so it doesn't share with a restricted weapon.
Pretty sure the vast majority of illegally obtained guns are smuggled from the states by organized crime.and not stolen from legal gun owners.
Pretty sure that the vast majority of guns used for crimes are illegally smuggled across the border by organized crime and are not stolen from legal owners.
Please show me where in our charter of right, firearm ownership is because i would love to see it.

And firearms a not linked to property rights because firearm ownership is ILLEGAL BY DEFAULT.

We are NOT the United States.

And our current right to self defense is only applicable to the current threat level.

I highly suggest you become more knowledgeable about firearms in Canad before spewing nonsense.
My pool is unlikely to accidentally go off and drown a neighbor when I clean it tho.
Anyone can forget, the point is that having a weapon in the house increases the risk of someone being harmed by that weapon. Yes, pools, staircases etc also increase the risk of injury or death, but we did not invent them for that purpose. Weapons, on the other hand, present a risk that is directly related to their primary reason for existing - to deliberately cause harm.
&gt; Cost (for example, the US is terrible at this, but we also have an expensive system)

There are a few reasons there. Our doctors are paid more then in most EU countries so we keep them and they don't move to the US. Also our territory is way bigger and less dense then the vast majority of the EU. The whole territory has to be covered by hospitals, clinics, ambulances and doctors. Doctors and nurses who want to work in rural areas are very rare and have to have special incentives. Shit is expensive. My sister is a nurse and considered taking a contract for a public clinic in James Bay or Ungava Bay area. She would have one week of vacation per month if she took the gig and I believe a higher salary (although its been a few years I may be wrong about the salary). The US have a similar problem, as well as others that make their prices higher.

I'm not against the EU model, but I don't think it's much better. Same sister now works in Europe and they have very similar problems with accessibility and waiting time. Maybe not quite as bad, but not much better either. And she has to pay, as every citizen does nothing to do with citizenship, for a private health insurance instead of having a public one.
Let's compromise and prohibit all three outright.
I smoke cocaine. I've yet to kill someone for it. Never been in trouble with the police, and no mental health issues.

Leave me alone
It is a civilian version of a gun that Wikipedia describes as an assault rifle.
My identity isn’t that I own guns.
You know, I’m centre-left and rather pro-gun-control (despite being from Saskatchewan, growing up around guns, hunting, shooting, and having been a rifleman in the army) but all of this seems perfectly reasonable to me. 

My only real concern would be restricting the power to change classifications to Parliament itself. I think politicians would be even less likely to make reasonable classification decisions than the RCMP. But the way to get around the problem of arbitrary classifications would be through one of the other proposals, which is to classify based on function. 

I disagree with Bernier on a bunch of other issues, but I don’t see anything to make a fuss about here.
&gt; guns are supposed to be fun and entertaining

I guess agree to disagree? I just don't see that angle.
Did you go through all of the necessary applications and background checks to legally obtain that cocaine?
Technically, but the the "public" healthcare is not available to most
Which is all well and fine since the PC party has a lackluster platform and poor leadership but, it leaves us basically no solid choice in this next election. No party has my confidence at this point.
Personally I've thought for quite a few years that implementing some fairly nominal user fees for healthcare services is probably a good idea. I remember reading studies while I was in university that emergency room wait times go way down during major sporting events like the olympics, super bowl, etc, and thinking wait a minute... if people are putting off their emergency visits because they want to watch sports, there must be quite a few people wasting emergency resources. Like even a $10, or $20 fee to see a doctor would probably deter people from clogging up emergency rooms and doctor's offices for non-emergencies, or things that don't require a doctor's visit like the common cold etc.
I think our gun laws are actually pretty decent as they now stand. I mean, sure the AR-15 is restricted and something functionally similar (like the Mini-14 or Keltec Su-16) is non-restricted, but that seems like a fairly minor quibble. 

I think the biggest issue is with something like the green rifles, where the RCMP can arbitrarily and retroactively determine something is prohibited and then not offer compensation to gun owners. 

I still wouldn't call our gun laws stupid. They mostly make sense, they just have stupid elements.
That point does not discount mine. Some crime does come from guns that have been licensed. Most notably in the US, the guns that are used in school shootings are most often licensed. Thankfully we don’t have many of those. I wonder why that is.
That point does not discount mine. Some crime does come from guns that have been licensed. Most notably in the US, the guns that are used in school shootings are most often licensed. Thankfully we don’t have many of those. I wonder why that is.
You'd have to own guns to have that identity.
I'm sure it is...
Sure bro.
&gt; Why can't guns be fun or interesting? Yeah they need to be respected but that doesn't mean they have to be barebones and completely lacking in attractive design

I kind of think it does. Otherwise you're getting to a place where your celebrating and elevating these things and feeding a culture that I honestly don't see any value in.

Now, I get it that one gun coming in that looks like an AK-47 isn't exactly going to turn us into the United States, but I think it all comes down to what values you want to portray as a nation and a people. I'm totally fine (for example) with our country saying we don't want guns that come with inflammatory slogans carved into them, for no reason other than to make it look "cool". 

I think if one is a gun hobbyist, one has to come to grips with the fact that your hobby revolves around things that are designed to kill people, and that puts your hobby in a very special category.
I think what OP is saying is that the vote of moderate gun owners can be swayed by what the current gov't is saying about gun ownership. The socially conservative gun owners will always just vote for the furthest right political party.

I see this with my local club. Whoever is in charge of the club's social media accounts reposts absolute garbage (like stuff from the from the NFA), but the political views of the people on the firing line are much more varied.
It's called a shooting sport. 

Not a shooting chore. 

Do you mind if I ask if youve ever been shooting? It's quite fun and relaxing if youve got a decent person there.
This needs more attention
Well, with one caveat. Right now there is no law tracking who owns 15 (non-restricted) guns. Sellers need to record the serial numbers of who the sell to, so if a PAL holder is passing on his firearms to criminals, we can track where they came from.
This is the main reason I hope they’re not DOA. They have some good platform policies that need to be brought up in parliament for sure, but I think it’ll be dangerous for them to gain a majority.
I don't think we should consider it splitting the Conservative vote - it's giving a voice to those in the party who have been shuffled aside and had their choice of candidates dictated to them.
The moment the wealthy have a seperate system they start defunding the public option.
Take a picture of any semi-auto shotgun or AR in the next hour with a slip of paper with my username written on it and I'll immediately delete my account.
Yeah, 1 is infinitely bigger than 0
They might as well have called it the Trump party.
With the ammo in a different safe on the other side of the house
See that's the problem right there. You don't get our hobby so you want to limit it. 

I don't get why people like bright red sports cars or raised pick ups or low riders so let's make them all that ugly ass goldish colour and limit the body types to stock pick up trucks, minivans and low cost cars.

Plenty of things can kill people I don't know why people put so much focus on the tool rather than the people especially since we already have reasonable gun laws.
&gt; It's called a shooting sport.
&gt; Not a shooting chore.

That is kind of funny.

&gt; Do you mind if I ask if youve ever been shooting? 

I have a bit. I grew up with guns in the house and had that kind of "old school" heavy respect for them beat into me quite early I guess. I would go out with my dad and shoot an old .22 of my grandfather's that he had restored. Just target shooting on the farm, I was never much for hunting. 

And I enjoyed it. There's obviously an appeal to the sport/game/whatever and I don't want to take that away from people. But when I would go out shooting, I never once wished my gun had skulls carved into it, or had cool slogans written on it. To me that changes the game a little, and isn't something I really understand the need for.
On the issue of mags, all 5 round mags ARE 30 round mags, they just have a rivet to block more than 5 rounds from being loaded. Someone with the intent to do harm can gather up any number of 5 round mags (and magazines aren't licence controlled either, only guns and ammo) and with nothing more than a power drill can just destroy the rivets and have functional 30 round mags. It's a law that does literally nothing, including "limiting availability" of standard capacity mags since access to power drills are the limiting factor in the equation.
[deleted]
&gt; Physicians do not work for the state; they are independent contractors who bill the state for services rendered.

Some would say that's a distinction without a difference, in the end.
You don’t have a zero percent chance of dying by firearm if you don’t have a gun. Someone could come to your house with one and kill you with it, for example.
But the law specifically applies to the gun the magazine was designed to fit. The 10/22 was designed and sold for decades before the pistol was introduced. Suddenly over night, tens of thousands of people are now in possession of a prohibited item (most without even knowing) and could potentially face jail time for it.

 I had a guy shooting next to me a few months ago with his prohibited magazine and he had no idea he was doing anything wrong.
Even the UK has private hospitals, 117 of them to be precise... Canada is practically the only first world country *without* them, yet we'll stubbornly declare we have the best healthcare in the world while comparing ourselves only to the dysfunctional US system and keeping blinders on to the fact that there is a happy medium that most other developed countries have already found where they can provide free public healthcare while also letting people have the choice to pay extra for private insurance if that's what they choose to spend their income on.

&amp;#x200B;

Healthcare costs money and there is a limit to the standard of care the government can afford to provide to the public at baseline. If somebody wants to pay for additional coverage out of their own pocket for care above and beyond what taxes can cover why the fuck would we legally ban them from doing so? It's a free world, and is truly mind boggling why we'd have such an arbitrarily and harmful limitation, and not really surprising that very few other countries would adopt such a pointless policy that only causes huge backlogs of patients waiting to see specialists and have elective procedures.
I never claimed it was the majority.

Yes, reducing smuggling is *another* piece in the approach to reduce the number of people getting shot.

As I said elsewhere in this thread, there isn't a *single* action that will ever stop people from getting shot - it's going to need a multi-pronged approach.
Source?
https://twitter.com/maximebernier/status/939482834762452993?s=21
&gt; You don't get our hobby so you want to limit it.

Saying you can't have certain colour guns doesn't limit your hobby anymore than saying keeping cartoon characters off of cereal boxes limits your ability to eat cereal. 

I would be interested to know why someone would want a gun specifically because it looks like another gun. What does it add to the experience of target shooting?

&gt; Plenty of things can kill people 

But very few things are designed *explicitly* to kill people. I'm not anti-gun, but I think it's fair to say guns exist in a world of their own. They really can't be compared to things like cars and baseball bats. They are special, and that's ok to admit.
Removed
That's fair, I'm not saying it's the only reason. I'm just saying...if it ain't broke don't fix it?
I want to live in a world where gangbangers drive brown minivans and have pink dildoguns.
Never say never. Dreams do come true.
lol

This is it in a nutshell. We can to choose to glorify guns and violence or not. I choose not.
&gt;"Get Ottawa out of health care"

You're mistaking Ottawa with government. Health care is administered provincially. He's saying get Federal politics out of it.
&gt; by keeping a gun in his house
No, the way he worded it is more honest to his intentions. His policies are heavily American inspired, not European.
[deleted]
You need to think like somebody who has only a passing idea of how the governments work and interact (like most of the electorate) to understand why the statement is a problem.
Saying I can only have guns that look ugly is limiting our hobby. Aesthetics matter, how they feel in your hands matter and that is affected by the outward appearance pistol grips, wood vs plastic furniture etc. And if your only point is just paint all guns pink or something. Why? How is that anything other than a vindictive attack on a hobby you don't share.

There is a big difference between a mascot and the actual item itself.

Because people like how the gun looks but can't own it either because it's expensive or not legal for purchase.

I feel like people claim to not be anti-gun while focusing on "built to kill" swords are built to kill but no one questions people wanting to own them and never even use them or why someone might have a knife collection.

I'm never going to kill someone with a gun yet I own multiple. Why? Cause shooting targets is fun.
The binary goal of "limiting guns in society" isn't a worthwhile one because it is too far from a comprehensive one. You're not taking into account the danger of totalitarianism, and that's one of the biggest reasons I believe in the 2nd ammendment in the USA.

I would agree a society without any form of violence begetting a lack of weapons would probably be optimal, but you cannot convince me that we aren't in potential danger from the shadow of totalitarianism, no matter how 'progressive' our nations in the West may seem. With this in mind, taking defense from the people is a form of taking away their dignity; their ultimate protest in the face of true totalitarianism, and that would be fighting with their lives.

If all possible future outcomes for general society are unequivocally bound to be absolutely good, then you have an argument for limiting guns. But since that isn't true, I see it as an irreconcilable hole in logic. Taking defense from people is assuming government is and will be *always* good for *all* time, which history tells us to be completely wrong.

EDIT: I'll also like to add that far too often when people talk about gun legislation, they aren't literally talking about "limiting guns in *society*", what they're actually saying is: putting guns only in the hands of government, whether they agree with it or not. That is the direction heavy gun legislation will inevitably lead, and that is why I will always be against it.
I see... I thought *you* didn't understand. You're just pointing out that the average voter won't understand, which is likely true. My bad.
I'm a man of my word
Jeeeez
Here we have a fudd in the wild. Only cares about their guns, fuck everyone else. Just wait until the cross hairs are on your hunting rifle and shotgun...
Yeah, that and his desire for a FTA with China are deal breakers for me
Republicans of Canada.
Right, but the analogs of those things for guns are already the law in Canada.
No, not "by virtue of". The firearms license doesn't MAKE him less likely. He is less likely *therefore* he can get a license.
I'm not referring the above example. I am talking about the assumption that any disagreement is by someone who just doesn't understand.
No harm, no foul. I like to talk political strategy a lot, so I often prescribe things in terms of a general electorate point of view (rather than the view of a person who is informed of politics, which is, really, most people on subreddits and forums like /r/canada) without thinking about it. This isn't the first time somebody's mistaken by perspective-taking for real ignorance. :P
And my neighbors kid isn't going to wander into my house, unlock a locked closet door, unlock a safe, unlock a trigger lock, and then shoot himself. They might wander into my backyard and fall into the pool though. 

There's risks with anything, but the risks with either of these two things are fairly small.
But... You just said it, and I didn't!
&gt;Weapons, on the other hand, present a risk that is directly related to their primary reason for existing - to deliberately cause harm.

I don't know why people bring this up like it matters.
Well yeah, because "people who have a gun license" and "people who  like guns" are not completely overlapping groups. 

It's still worth noting, because there's if frequent implication that law abiding gun owners are only law abiding right and could snap at anytime. The point is, people with a gun license are infact less likely to "snap" than people without one.
Agreed.
I don’t know what you’re saying.
It's just a tool. Like a butcher knife, or a harpoon, or an alligator.
What does anyone need 1 let alone 15 guns for? 

Please explain.
Yeah. Especially since I personally find that our healthcare system is too privatized and patients suffer because of that.

For example, currently in Ontario, if you're rich, you're likely fine with paying for an ambulance and paying for a private room in a hospital but if you're poor and can't afford the ambulance fee, you'll be triaged at the ER, then will not get a room assigned to you until you're post-testing, your privacy rights will be violated during an in-hallway consultation and diagnostic tests will only be administered if you're not visibly derelict. 

If you are visibly derelict, doctors could refuse you service on the assumption that it's someone jonesing for their next fix of prescription painkillers.

If you do get diagnosed as a poor person, it is up to the discretion of the doctors whether to write you a prescription for any pharmacy or to fill it from the hospital's stock of drugs. 

If they force a prescription on you, you may not be able to afford the drugs you need and therefore your medical treatment could be partial, inefficacious or pain may prevent you from getting through your day-to-day routines.

If it's an experimental or under-patent drug, it may not be stocked at nearby pharmacies, pushing the burden on to you to travel in your ill state to pharmacies in bigger townships further and further from home.
Go south of the border please.
Well I appreciate that.
You be the first in line to hand in your guns then.
It's basically impossible right now.  Most people these days go to walk in clinics.

Not sure why I'm getting down voted.
I don’t want the good guys to have them either. There’s barely any shootings in Canada, there is no need.
There’s a thousand other hobbies, you can definately find another.
I thought this was a communist or socialist party based on the name.
No. What makes you think that? Because I don’t vote conservative I don’t like my guns?  Trouble with guns is urban vs. rural not left v. right
The LPC could make water guns illegal and I still wouldn't support this guys stance on Private Healthcare or Net Neutrality. All issues are not equal.
I see nothing wrong here
Hijacking this post to raise awareness:

I am also a gun owner, I have 9 ranging from WWII rifles to modern military black rifles.

I don’t hunt because I cannot bring myself to kill another living creature myself. Weirdly enough this brings the ire of certain anti gun people “Why do you have guns if you don’t hunt?” “Sorry I just like firearms but don’t want to kill something fuck me right?”

Anyways, one of the issues that are faced by the couple million firearm owners in Canada is the uncertainty of the laws. Canadian gun laws are often vague and it is up to the discretion of LEO’s to decide how they wish to enforce them. You may be told that what you possess is perfectly legal one day and then face confiscation and criminal charges the next month from a different officer. An example of this would be Beowulf magazines (there is no specific law regarding them, just a memo from the RCMP making them legal, but prohibited at the same time)

On top of that weapon classification is at the discretion of the RCMP not elected officials so they can suddenly declare a rifle that was legally purchased to be prohibited making a law abiding gun owner a criminal overnight. A recent example of this is Swiss Arms and CZ issue where guns that individuals paid thousands for were declared prohibited and required to be destroyed or forfeited. This was eventually overturned and they were declared non-restricted again after being temporarily illegal. Dicey times for law abiding citizens, particularly ones who don’t want to be out $2000+ because a beaurocrat didn’t like how their gun looked.

Plus if you look at the list of prohibited weapons, some of them don’t make sense. The guns are listed specifically by name. The list includes prototype guns of which never became available for purchase (G11), guns that “look scary” (Spaz12), guns that were Home made guns from another country, and guns that are functionally identical to legal guns but are illegal because they are listed by name (some bolt action 50 cals despite 50 cams being legal)

Plus some of the laws aren’t exactly logical. A bull pup rifle (magazine and firing mechanism behind trigger) are legal. But if you purchase a kit to turn a legal rifle into a bullpup it becomes a prohibited weapon.

If you speak to most Canadian gun owners you will find they are reasonable people. Few are asking for automatics or silencers or drum magazines. What we really want are clear, concise laws that make sense. Make it easy for us to follow the law rather than make us live in a grey area where we could be criminals depending on which LEO we run into that day.
And he wants to get rid of the CRTC. Without the CRTC the only ISPs would be Rogers, Bell, and the other giants. We wouldn't have resellers like Teksavvy which I'm convinced have driven down prices and caused the big ISPs to offer better service (like unlimited data).

https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/maxime-bernier-telecom-1.3620155

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Third_Party_ISP_Access
&gt;EU doctor rates of pay dont need to compete with US rates of pay.
&gt;
&gt;We export a lot of doctors to the US

I'm not sure how true this is and I'd love to see sources for it. We pay our doctors extremely well and if anything I'd say that we're actually importing doctors from abroad to meet demand.

For instance my old GP was paid $450k, my Mom's current GP is paid somewhere north of $650k, her cardiac surgeon made around that as well. There's some opthalmologists in New Westminster that crest $3m.

I understand that this isn't their take home and that they have a lot of business expenses, but it's still an undeniably large sum of money.
It makes people feel safe, there's also a sport for it. Some people actually enjoy going to the range and shooting things. If I lived in the middle of the woods somewhere where it would take 50 minutes for cops to show up let me tell you I would feel a lot safer with a gun in my home.
I’m so surprised a former telecom insider would advocate for money-grabbing policies for his former sector
Wouldn't surprise me if the majority of gun owners hold conservative beliefs. But there's been a recent trend in the United States where [left-leaning people, including millennials, have been getting more involved with gun clubs](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/11/04/liberal-gun-owner-enthusiast-second-amendment-politics-2017-215784). Many of these liberal gun owners advocate responsible gun ownership, but are opposed to blanket gun bans. But at the same time, they also oppose the NRA's staunchly conservative viewpoint and their financial support of conservative politicians.

I'm not sure if a similar trend can or is taking root in Canada as well, but if so, it may be a sign that gun politics need to start evolving beyond the left/right political spectrum.
It's also astounding these same people refuse to believe the amount of lives guns save. News never reports those though. You don't have to use the gun, just show it to home invaders, or letting your neighbors know you have one is better than any alarm system. What is scary to me is the government wanting cops to be the ONLY gun owners in the country, as well as criminals, now that is scary.
And they WILL be in the crosshairs.
I don't own any guns (yet...) but I do have my RPAL. I'm pretty damn left-leaning, but one thing I agree with right-leaning folks on is that our gun classification framework is a goddamn terrible. It's technically legal to go hunting with a .50-caliber anti-materiel rifle, yet it isn't legal to go hunting with a small-caliber AR-15 because it looks "tactical". There's nothing reasonable about that situation.

Classification of firearms by function is the only reasonable approach. Almost all of the firearms that are specifically named restricted should be non-restricted; functionally, they meet the qualifications for NR, but because they look "tactical" (or, in some cases, because they were *used in movies*) they're restricted.
Target shooting, Hunting and Collecting.
which is why you need your spouses signed approval on the license application to get a gun.
Ok
You expect Redditors to actually read more deeply into these things?
What is that guy gonna do with all those hi-points though? Throw em at people?
"Guns weren't an issue until now!!! Damn libruals tryin to ruin my life"

This tells me that you aren't old enough to remember the whole gun registry debacle the last times the liberals were in power.

It's the same old shit from gun owners every fucking time about how "this is it" or "this is where you lost my vote". You weren't going to vote liberal anyways and nobody cares about your non-existent "muh rights" argument.
What "rights" do firearm owners have that haven't been respected until now?
Exactly. Which is why this mentality is foolish.
I agree, they should have restricted the sale of magazines larger than 5 completely.  They should also restrict the sale of any gun that can be shortened below the legal limit with a saw cause any criminal can turn a legal shotgun into a sawed off shotgun just by sawing off the barrel.
Why do you care?
Well that will be bloody useful for self-defense won't it?
You need 15 guns to hunt?
Geez. Might as well call it the Republican Party of Canada. Scary.
Sorry bro, this isn’t dodgeball.
Winner right here lol.
I would also feel safer if I was living nearby you that you don’t have a gun in your home.
[deleted]
Legal gun owners are actually not who you should be afraid of, they go through a lot of mental tests. I think there's never been a mass shooting from someone who was an NRA member.
Or just 3D print their own..
My car wasn't designed purposely to kill, chief. I'm not 8 times more likely to die by suicide because i have a car.
We weren't talking about someone bringing a gun into the house, you stated 

&gt;Though by keeping a gun in his house the odds of someone dying by firearm in that house skyrockets. Statistics are fun.

The premise being there being no gun in the house. The main control here being the presence of a gun in the house. No gun in the house, no chance to be shot by a gun in the house.
... Bye falicia
"Muh rights" isn't a platform, it's a calling card for idiots who watch American taking heads and try to transplant those same issues in Canada in order to appeal to even bigger idiots.
Ya and by existing, the odds of dying are certain.

I don't understand the bubble wrap mentality whatsoever. Nature is a brutal philosophical entity, and society is a means to cope. However, completely defanging of the individuals within the society is clearly leading to problems psychologically en masse globally.

I think the system that Canada has currently is the best it can get
You tell me to leave the country in which I was born. Kindly, fuck off.

What's wrong with lefties. Absolute control and conformity of thought and opinion is what you want? Guess what: you'll never have it and the more you antagonize normal, law abiding and kind people, the more you will turn society's opinion against you.

Edit: and on top of that, I don't even own guns. I just want policy to be based on facts and not emotions. The more rights for the citizens, the better.
Sounds exactly like he couldn't earn the leader nomination for the Conservative party, so he went off and decided to make his own party so he could do whatever he wanted.

Unfortunately, it will likely attract a lot of far right and alt-right voters who hate immigrants, love guns, and want to turn us into USA 2.0.
All left parties in this country want guns banned, so you're first.
[deleted]
Lol. You’re an idiot
So are you, ask Mark Holland what he thinks about your semi auto or your handgun. Ask any NDP MP's. They don't want you having them. Gun control is incremental. It starts with semi autos, leads to handguns, leads to "sniper rifles" and so on...
&gt; we need to be smart enough not to jump to conclusions

This is never going to happen across the whole population. Due to FPTP, supporting someone who represents your political views completely, but can't follow political norms, is worse than supporting someone who represents your views decently and is politically competent.

&gt; shift the blame from the people to the politician

It is much easier to get one politician to choose his words more carefully, than to get 30 million people to change how they digest information. Anyways it is less about 'blame' and more about the question: can this guy actually compete in an election, or am I throwing away my vote?
And the Liberal in my riding is pro gun and Charlie Angus is pro gun. Rural versus Urban
*A* gun as in *any* gun. Your odds of dying by a gun in general skyrocket when you own a gun. But if you don’t own one you still may get shot.
That's too bad, but part of the privilege of owning a firearm 

 If only there was a way to notify all the owners of a specific firearm....
&gt; defanging of the individuals within the society is clearly leading to problems psychologically en masse globally

[Citation needed]
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA until they get whipped to vote party line. Remember what happened to the NDP MP's who voted against the LGR?
[removed]
[deleted]
I'm not arguing for or against firearms here, but your analogy is silly; unless there's some sort of mass school pooling I don't know about.
Could you imagine what our private healthcare sector would look like? Imagine the healthcare equivalent of our telecommunication industry.
Way to generalize. Many people see the horrendous issues in the US and don’t want that shit show over here too. So when people talk about loosening gun laws or talk about how the US has a better system (lol some people are stupid enough to actually think that and push for it) then there is gonna be push back.

Also on Reddit you have a large amount of Americans who love guns and try to push that shit on Canadians here. It’s pretty obvious with the amount of upvotes for every pro gun post and the downvotes for any anti gun post, when most Canadians don’t think that way at all.
Same here. As someone who has an RPAL but has yet to actually purchase any myself (I usually go with my family, who owns them) I find myself agreeing a lot with his points on firearms, but as someone who disagrees a lot with his other beliefs I don’t think I could be swayed entirely his direction based off gun ownership alone.. which makes me sad, because imo a society who bans guns outright is more likely to be a danger when guns ARE around (criminals will always find ways to get them) just by the fact we won’t have people trained in their use and who understand them as clearly.
[removed]
[deleted]
It's a call for tight controls on dangerous objects and substances. Those who wish to handle them should be required to face strict regulations and restrictions, or forfeit that right.
[deleted]
[deleted]
And someone could break into your house and drown someone with your pool
Hi-Points are actually pretty reliable. That's mostly because theyre almost brutishly simple in design. But that design also makes them very heavy for a handgun. The ergonomics and trigger are also terrible, which makes it hard to be accurate with them. But, they are less than $200 In the US, and less that $300 here, so it's not bad if you're on a tight budget... that also makes them popular with straw purchasers of course.
The CRTC has already been effectively captured by the ISPs and they use it to install anti-competition regulations to protect themselves.
Until the CRTC does something about the price of mobile data in Canada, I'll consider them our enemy.
Wow, what a trash party!
Last I heard we had a gun on the Prohibited list that either theoretical or never got passed prototype. WE BANNED A GUN THAT DOESN'T EXIST lol
#You have terminal ligma
I don't NEED 15 guns for hunting but hunters do need more than one gun if they hunt different animals since some animals say a deer for example would require a more powerful cartridge to humanely kill it than a rabbit or grouse which would need less powerful cartridges.
Ya was going through some thing i liked others i didn't then saw that and was [like](https://media.giphy.com/media/USNlL9p2fxY6Q/giphy.gif)
What regulations hinder competition? Their regulations about 3rd party access for example have increased competition.
Because of all the people committing homicide in cars? in counties with gun bans? That really passes as a clever argument to you?
Why does it have to be black and white, can't you accept that they've done good for consumers in the ISP market while still needing to make changes in the mobile market? If there was no CRTC I think cell phones would be the same and internet would be worse so that seems like they're a net benefit to me.
So you are saying more guns will reduce crossfires??
Yeah and then 10 minutes later you are good to go.  I can't hear up a pizza that fast.
Yeah, I live in Toronto and I’ve had enough of politicians hiding their true intentions.
"All issues are not equal" is the most frustrating part of politics. Personally, I would prefer no guns at all, but I realize that is not likely to happen, so I don't focus on that in platforms. I just wish my brothers and sisters that do want guns didn't have to settle for a party that wants to get rid of net neutrality or dismantle environmental regs to feel represented.

In the same way I long for fiscal responsibility and frugality without sacrificing social policies.

We should start our own party. The Peoples Coalition of Canada. Guns and mental health care for everyone!
He's proposing allowing other companies to break into the health care market, allowing them to compete with the monopolies that have developed.  These companies sell supplies/equipment to the government and hospitals.  Allowing competition decreases the prices of these things and reduces the cost of health care.

However, the patient never sees any of these costs.  They're all in the invisible bill that gets sent to the government after you receive care.  He's **not** proposing a system like the United States where the patient shoulders the cost.
"If"
Yeah car homicide is out of control in counties with gun bans... oh the horror.
A handful of consumer protections come out so long as the companies can maintain their cartel. Most anti-competition regulations mostly come in the form of adding layers upon layers of small barriers to entry. The CRTC also insulates Canada from international competition, such as by mandating any new telecoms be Canadian
Well, I know who I'm not voting for.
There is a difference though.  If doctor's were state employees the state could dictate which doctor's could practice where, transfer them to under serviced areas, etc...

You would also have no choice in family doctor's, because there would only be one state  run department who assigned you one
We're not worried about the responsible gun owners with no SERIOUS mental health issues lol
Wat
I'm your side, pal
Foreign ownership limits are part of the Telecommunications Act not a CRTC regulation, getting rid of the CRTC won't allow any more foreign ownership the law would have to be changed by Parliament.
That particular subject became widely discussed recently but data generally does not support the notion that guns are being sourced from legal owners frequently or at an increasing rate.  
The figures being cited to blame legal owners are only for guns that can be traced (which takes a ton of firearms out of the equation), and moreover the type of guns favoured most be criminals (small, cheap pocket pistols) are illegal for virtually any Canadian to acquire. When they show these guns from seizures and there’s a ton of little compact handguns, you know they invariably came from the US illegally.  
The definition of “crime guns” used is misleading as well - when they talk about seized “crime guns”, it will be any gun seized by the police regardless of circumstances. For instance, if police respond to a domestic disturbance and seize an old shotgun sitting in the closet that wasn’t used, they count that towards the statistic. They also do not limit it to actual firearms, and include things like imitation guns or air guns in their total.
Likewise. BC gun owner here. I’ll never vote conservative in my life.

Messing with healthcare is a non starter for me though. It’s fine as is.
Bad bot
[removed]
He has to get funding somewhere.
[removed]
Yes it is in the 2018 platform. On board with a lot of things here but not this...  


[http://www.peoplespartyofcanada.ca/making\_every\_canadian\_richer](http://www.peoplespartyofcanada.ca/making_every_canadian_richer)
Yeah don't get me wrong, I agree with a lot of his policies but there are some that nearly turn me away completely. I do hope some policies change or are altered a little bit to encourage me a bit more.
What is a valid reason to own a handgun?
Whaaaat the shit
You sure? You dodged the shit outta my question.
Oh shit I totally missed that, sorry for my ignorant comment before and thank you for showing me that. I am not on board with axing the CRTC, even though their protections aren't terribly relevant in Saskatchewan because we have so much competition here.
I’m actually a big fan of the 5 round mag limit. It would be nice if there was a better way to inforce it of course (maybe you could buy mags that look like 30 round mags but are just solid plastic after the 5th bullet) but I bet the biggest issue with how do you grandfather older pre-exsisting magazines. I doubt there is a cheap but also more effective way to enforce the 5round limit
It drives me bonkers the libs are so crappy on guns.
Tell you what. You answer mine and I’ll answer yours.
Mind if I ask why you're a fan of it? From my perspective, it's impossible to prevent criminals from acquiring 30-round magazines, whether you outlaw them or not, so it's only the law-abiding citizens who get punished. Gun owners are statistically far less likely to commit crimes than any other citizen, yet they are the ones who are written off as a danger to society.
Because the law allows one to. Stop trying to interfer in peoples lives.  

Why do you need a car? Or even two cars?
It's like you guys aren't even trying to read his platform and interpreting it in the most disingenuous way possible.

Allowing telecom's from down south to grab pieces of the market could help with out situation. Worst case it at least cuts into the big three and they get what's coming to them.
Oh shit! I admit I was sort of interested until that. And then there's the anti net neutrality stance. Wow, fuck no.

Yeah, that's gonna be a no from me, dawg.
They're collectables.
&gt; Without the CRTC the only ISPs would be Rogers, Bell, and the other giants.

That's literally the way it is for most Canadians.
&gt; so he went off and decided to make his own party

This might be the new norm, having to reinvent what a Conservative should be every ten years. Went from Reform to Alliance back to Conservative, and now the People's Party of Canada. This is what happens when you let Identity Politics get such a foot hold in Canada. Unity is out and fragmentation of a nation is in.
https://globalnews.ca/news/3417600/why-more-canadian-millennials-than-ever-are-at-high-risk-of-mental-health-issues/

Millenials feel powerless and have no sense of control over their lives. Defanged.
remember that one gun man that attacked parliament a couple years back? thats why. guy ran out of bullets after only getting one guy and was put down while he was trying to reload. basic idea is if some rando decides its time to go postal, but only has five clip mags, it really limit show much damage they can really do all in one go. probably the second biggest reason is that i am not scared of "bad guys with guns". i am scared of joe average who has had the shittiest day of his/her life and wants to end it all. organized criminal are statistically not likely to shoot me, in that i am generally more valuable alive then dead. but a crazy person with a gun is completely different. you cant bargain or plead with them. organized criminals are the police's problem. any kind of rules we want to make are unlikely to effect them so they really dont need to be part of these talks. but joe average mass shooter is not likely to have any underground connections and will need to go through normal channels to get his/her kit.  there for i want gun laws that make it hard to acquire weapons that can hurt a lot of people in a very short time. and i want getting said weapons to be a slow and rigorous process so that the only cost to legit owners is extra time and process but that anyone acting on the heat of the moment or in a fit of deep depression has time to cool off/get notice/get help instead.  sorry if this was long and rambly but this is how i feel. side note, i think there should be exemptions so that you could go to a range and let rip with a 100 round 50 cal or something cause that sounds like some good clean fun XD
Are you sure about that? Because there are lots of ISPs.

https://crtc.gc.ca/eng/comm/fourprov.htm

http://www.canadianisp.ca/index.php
Like the NRA would willingly release that information. They even boycott the gouvrnment not to do any studies related to mass shootings. It wouldn’t be surprised that the reason being that many of them were NRA members.
Don’t want crazies like you owning a gun.
Guns weren’t mentioned once in that article. It’s about economic and social inequality and mental health, which are real issues. And interestingly tend to be ones gun-loving conservatives don’t give a shit about.
&gt; what are you jabbering about? Why are you trying so hard to argue that cars can't be deadly weapons and vehicles aren't capable of massacring tons of people with relative ease?

Because dumbasses like you pretend there’s an equivalency between them and firearms. It’s a shitty and dishonest argument that you’re clearly having a difficult time defending when pressed on.
But seriously, if my life was bad enough, a gun would truly be the quickest and less-pain solution to the problem. It just makes sense. 

I only own long guns though so the logistics of pulling the trigger with my toe would be stupid, you have to hit the middle of the brain I'd assume.
[deleted]
The CRTC doesn't make the rules about foreign ownership of telecom companies it's the Telecommunications Act that does that. So there's no need to get rid of the CRTC if you want to allow more foreign ownership you need to change that law instead.
The article talks about gross concepts that aren't specified. For John out in bum fuck Alberta, maybe his happiness comes from hunting, with a gun.

Hunting is fundamentally rooted in humans, the same way procreation is. You can't take  that away.
What's a valid reason to own a motorcycle?

Oh and you know, your chefs knife seems a little too long, you might cut someone.
Thank you for responding. And now I can see where we differ. 

First of all, you seem misinformed regarding [the process one has to go through](https://www.howtogetagun.ca/) to own a gun in Canada.

&amp;nbsp;

Secondly, I'll address the Parliament Hill shooting. Based on reports, the gunman (who "was under a criminal prohibition from possessing firearms") used an illegally acquired [Winchester 94](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJnisSrfdDo&amp;ab_channel=hickok45), which is a lever-action hunting rifle that doesn't use magazines nor clips. To reload it, you have to insert each bullet individually. Guns that use magazines take about a second to reload (less if you're experienced).

 - This man was a known criminal
 - He was banned from purchasing firearms
 - He illegally obtained one
 - And his firearm of choice doesn't even use magazines

You don't need "underground connections" to get illegal weapons; you just need Google.

&amp;nbsp;

Finally, I'll point out that almost all shootings are committed with illegal weapons. I understand that you're afraid of a law-abiding gun owner going on a rampage, but it's important for you to understand how incredibly rare that would be. And, if that were to occur, they would not limit their magazine capacity to 5 rounds.

I do, however, appreciate that you believe there should be looser restrictions at gun ranges, at least.
I mean, you can be licensed and not a conservative. I am.
&gt; And second, criminals aren't getting their guns legally anyways

Don't most illegal guns start off as legal ones?
To answer your first question; I care because it involves the safety of myself and others. 

To answer your second; I need a car because it’s the only efficient — and **timely** — method of getting me from point A to point B. A cars only purpose isn’t to be an instrument of destruction. In fact, I’d argue that the intentional purpose of a vehicle; death and destruction doesn’t even rank on the list of uses it has, by either manufacturers and civilians alike. 

Whereas a gun is specifically designed for that singular purpose. To destroy. 

I simply don’t see the logic, want or need in owning weapons. Even if it were for sport / hunting. While I understand the pastime, generally speaking, I don’t think anyone really needs to hunt for their own food anymore. 

But that is obviously just my opinion; though I’ve yet to have my mind changed with any reasonable argument for allowing guns in the hands of civilians. Personal safety isn’t valid in my mind because at that point you’re already creating a threat before it has even presented itself. It’s akin to expecting to fail before you’ve even tried.
Fair. But do they need to be usable collectables? Would it not suffice to have them be unusable in the same way that collectable blades are massively dulled and rounded? 

Or have them be replicas that only shoot pellets or some such? Bring the ability to wound way down.
Strawman.
Of course. They're mechanisms.
That's a huge mistake, the people I know who might like his rethoric are all turned off by that specifically. He should backpedal on this one.
I have been studying in Germany for the last 4 years and their mixed private-public healthcare feels a lot worse than Ontario's OHIP. 

Doctors heavily discriminate in favor of those with private insurance (allowing them to skip ahead of anyone with public insurance at their offices, only letting those with private insurance set appointments ahead of time, etc.). As someone who is stuck with public insurance its far worse than anything I've ever experience in Canada. Any minor doctors appointment turns into an all day affair, and sitting in a room with a bunch of sick people for 4 hours at a time waiting for a check up guarantees that if you weren't sick going in, you WILL be sick coming out of there. 

Switching to private insurance is far less affordable if you're not young, healthy, and male (women get charged much more because of potential pregnancy costs). 

In short, having tried both I far prefer fully public healthcare to the mixed model.
[deleted]
I'm sorry but you seem like the crazy one here.
Just because something is hard, or doesn't work all the time, it didn't mean it's not worth doing.
No, because they could still pass the check. Those who failed the check or didn't have a check, but love, and own guns, that, should be a concern.
It's like having a pool, with a fence around it, and having to fill and empty the pool every time you want to use it.  
Then someone's kid realises he can fill the pool, so he fills the pool, and drowns itself, because those parents even showed the kid how to do it.  
  
Then, the government still blame pools for being dangerous, and enact a law that you need to deconstruct and reconstruct the pool every time you want to use it. You also need to put locks on the fence, the pump, the filter, and the shed that hold the pieces of the poll.  
  
After all that, another kid drowns himself in a bath, and they start calling baths assault like pools, and start talking about sensible bath controls, and that nobody wants to take you bath away, and why aren't you taking showers anyways?
I still don't see your point or why someone would need to own a compact, concealable firearm.
[removed]
That wasn't the assumption, it was specific disagreements regarding the existing law and its contradictory and nonsensical nature. Further that often individuals advocating further changes don't understand the existing law or the opperation and capabilities of the items in question. Don't conflate things.
There is, the same way any other law is passed, public notification in the gazzete, problem is the law didn't change, only the policy did.


Does this "privledge" of deprivation apply to any other privately owned property in Canada? Can anything else be taken from you with zero oversight or recourse?
But it is broken, amd we just discussed why, how would fixing that put public safety at risk?


Please be clear and explain exactly how one would impact the other.
Max truly is mad. Mad about that corporate dick he's sucking.
If it lets them fight and defend their turff, yes they would.


Know how i know? This summer police in Toronto intercepted a shipment of 60+ handguns smuggled from the US, and among them were many brightly coloured guns, including pink.


But sure, its a penis extension to these gangbangers, not a way of securing their criminal enterprises...
Wait what?!?  Where does it say that?
https://twitter.com/MaximeBernier/status/939482834762452993?s=20
Well there we go.  I dislike that policy.  I can't imagine voting for this party in light of this policy stance.
He’s an ex-telecom industry guy. It’s also why he wants to kill the CRTC.
Isn't there some BS about anything based on the AK platform being prohibited? And then things like commercialized Dragunovs, which are unrelated to the AK, were banned anyway for looking like they might be AK related?
Yes, we can see how the guy has no idea whatsoever what he's talking about and therefore thinks gun restrictions are effective at preventing crime.
Absolutely, his stance on firearms are sensible. His stances on healthcare, the environment, and net neutrality are not.
That's actually a pretty good idea!
Lol get ottawa out of health care? Meaning what? Stop health transfers? Good luck with that one, Berno.
No. What we have is a monopsony, not a monopoly. If all of those people were employees of the state it would be a monopoly. They are very different things.
To me, someone not being able to buy a gun that they think looks cool isn't a sign that the system is broken.

The argument needs to be more compelling than "but I want the blue one!!!"
In recent memory, [the RCMP going into people's homes during a massive flood in Alberta to confiscate firearms](https://nationalpost.com/news/canada/high-river-residents-paid-2-3m-for-controversial-rcmp-home-and-gun-sweeps-during-2013-flood)
You do not forget. The things are *never* unlocked except at the range. You do not come home and then "forget" to lock them up because you *have to unload and lock them at the range before driving home*. The only way this happens is if you get home and then deliberately unlock the damn things, and then load them, and then throw them on the kitchen table. This is, clearly, fucking retarded and very illegal.

I apologize but you are suffering from a bad case of having absolutely no idea what you are talking about.
&gt;The argument needs to be more compelling than "but I want the blue one!!!"

Not really, tje oakes test stipulates that a limitation os only valid when it is minimally intrusive and able to be justified in the realm of public safety. You saying it is merely a stylistic, superficial distinction in your own hypothetical shows that that's not the case.

You can't  argue that the blue one is more dangerous if its functionally identical to another.


Also note: you didn't answer the question, how would the changes proposed by bernier impact public safety?
&gt; You can't argue that the blue one is more dangerous if its functionally identical to another.

You can absolutely make the case it's more dangerous to society, and I think that's what they're doing by banning it.

That's the thing that a lot of people seem to be missing here. Nobody's saying it's actually a more deadly weapon (that I've seen anyway) people are saying that we don't want that in our country because of what it represents. 

&gt; Also note: you didn't answer the question, how would the changes proposed by bernier impact public safety?

I'm not beholden to the reddit question-ocracy! 

But seriously, the answer is in the debate we're having. Loosening up restrictions on guns makes our country a more dangerous place in my opinion. Add to that the fact that reasons he's quoting for wanting to do it are spurious at best.
&gt;You can absolutely make the case it's more dangerous to society, and I think that's what they're doing by banning it.

Not within the structure of the legal system and the Oakes test which you just ignored.

&gt;Nobody's saying it's actually a more deadly weapon (that I've seen anyway) people are saying that we don't want that in our country because of what it represents.

So then you can't justify it as more dangerous to society. A red csr is no faster than a white or green one, which is the only distinction you have made.


&gt;we don't want that in our country because of what it represents.


Its a different colour than one thats legal, what exactly does it represent here?

&gt;I'm not beholden to the reddit question-ocracy!

Joke aside, the only reason you wouldn't answer such a straightforward question is a jack of ability.

&gt;But seriously, the answer is in the debate we're having

Not really, since you haven't commented on a single feature which would make it more dangerous to society, which was your supposition. 


&gt;Loosening up restrictions on guns makes our country a more dangerous place in my opinion.

And you've been asked to explain why and which changes would have negative impacts, you've just stated that you think it will with nothing to support it


&gt;Add to that the fact that reasons he's quoting for wanting to do it are spurious at best.

Once again, explain why you think so, these baseless grand declarations are tiring and fruitless on your part.
I don't see why Marijuana should be legal, it stinks
I don't know man. I'm starting to get the feeling this isn't in good faith because I feel like these questions have been answered. 

re: Oakes test. I can't really speak to that, I'm not exactly a legal scholar (and I get the feeling you aren't either) but those guns are banned today. 

re: Answering questions. Nobody owes anyone anything on here. It's reddit. Sometimes you don't get answers to the questions you ask. I wouldn't read into it too much.

re: Spurious reasons for wanting to change the laws. From his platform.

- "We are a country founded on the fur trade. This needs to be recognized." 

- "Our internationally competitive shooters are forced to practice with magazines below standard capacity."

You have to admit those are hilariously silly reasons to want to change laws. Especially as a major political party. We have a lot bigger concerns than how our "internationally competitive shooters" practice. 

&gt; Its a different colour than one thats legal, what exactly does it represent here?

It represents a glorification of gun culture. That's why they're banned and that's why people want to buy them. They want guns that "look cool" and have "cool slogans" written on them. It's sad and childish and silly, and it's a celebration of guns and gun culture that we don't want in this society.
This, yes exactly. IANAC, not even close but I really do think we have to get away from the religion of SP healthcare and a mixed system. 
You can be a left leaning, democratic socialist country and still have mixed healthcare.
None of them were, the media would have plastered it all over if that was true.
Still waiting.
Sure, believe all you want your rhetoric.
Really dude? So you're portaging in the NWT with some friends, despite following bear safe practices a bear decides you're her next meal.

A long rifle in that situation is probably zipped up and unloaded in your pack. Because of different federal laws above the 60th parallel you can gain legal permittance to carry a sidearm pistol.

I'm sure we agree on many things but you're being very hard nosed. 

People forget that Canada is more than your city limits. It's also not the paved trails of Kananaskis and Banff. There are people that live hours from a grocery store and you'd be stepping on their ability to eat food.

You want to save lives? Start by advocating for roll cages, 5 point harnesses and helmets in all passenger cars. Vehicular deaths completely overshadow firearms
Indirectly.

He is pretty much anti-regulation of any kind(Net neutrality is a regulation to enforce fair play) and thinks the free market will solve problems. Apparently he's still naive teenager.
/r/canadaguns has very good and serious discussion on guns and gun laws in canada.
wow...after reading that first link... i am not really cool with the tests being easy... you want to have something for fun or for hunting that has the possibility of killing people you should have to try hard to get a licence for it. like with a drivers of a pilot's licence (granted those 2 are drastically more complicated machienes to use and there are way more things that can go wrong so test difficulty should of course reflect that).    
     
thanks for some more accurate information on that shooter, do you by chance know the modle of gun he used? google tells me that depending that Winchesters  have a ammo capacity from 5-8 rounds depending on the secondary barrel length and what kind of ammo is used (carbine vs rifle?) either way i view this as an example of Canadian gun laws working to limit potential casualties. basically this was the best gun the guy could get his hands. a low capacity leaver action rifle (perfect for all your canadian gun sporting needs!). idk how he got his handson a gun but one would think that if it was easy to get your hands on high capacity, high rate of fire guns he would of course gone with that and there would be many more people dead. you cant kill 50+ people if you there are no drum mags in the country right?     
    
i understand where you are comingfrom with the rarity of  a lawful gun rampage, but the sad trueth is that that is how laws get made. there are there because some one stupid did something absolutely terrible and now everyone else has to deal with a little extra discomfort because of one terrible event. in that view, it does not really matter if its rare, or a statistical outlier. as long as its a non zero number of occurences, this will continue to be an issue. that said. i woulld prefer smart and effective laws over fear based gut instinct stuff ( like how some guns are banned because of how clusly the resemble certain highprofile AR platforms).
We really need electoral reform.

Reminder, however: The Conservatives are openly against it. Liberals have blatantly lied about it. Greens have little chance. The NDP at least have some enlightened self-interest to enact it and follow through on it.
&gt; One can be configured to fire a restricted caliber.

Such as? There aren't any prohibited or restricted calibers in Canada. All of these are rifles. Handguns shorter than a certain length that fire .32 or .25 are prohibited, which might be what you're thinking. Their ammunition is not, and can be legally used in other firearms perfectly fine. IIRC this was targeted at derringers, but remains nonsensical since barrel length restrictions already cover that.

Other people have commented on the magazine laws and Rugar likely not giving a shit as Canada is a relatively tiny market for them, so I'll not bother there.
I'd rather be notified of such changes whether I own a specific firearm or not. It might influence my purchasing decisions, if I think I can do X with it but that becomes illegal the next day.

Conveniently, the government already has a list of every single licensed firearm owner. But they don't do this.
&gt; i am not really cool with the tests being easy

Many gun owners feel the tests should be harder too. That said, *it's a safety course, and it's a gun*. There are only a few *real* fundamentals that matter there in most circumstances, and the tests are basically just moron filters, that not much more can be reasonably added to them. I mean, there's a significant portion of the tests relating to [black powder](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3CEbBv4U71M) which many gun owners have minimal interest in, and will rarely use. (Some are super into it, mind you.)

&gt; do you by chance know the modle of gun he used?

He already told you this. It was a [Winchester 94](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winchester_Model_1894). The 94 is the model number.

&gt; google tells me that depending that Winchesters have a ammo capacity from 5-8 rounds depending on the secondary barrel length and what kind of ammo is used (carbine vs rifle?)

/u/Shin_Mahoutsukai wasn't entirely correct on this one, probably trying to keep it simple for you. A Winchester 94 has a tube magazine. This means it's just a magazine in the shape of a tube that's typically built into the gun and not generally removable. Shotguns often use the same setup.

With tube magazines, you can put different lengths of ammo into it. Shorter ammo means you can fit more. The width of the ammo remains the same. This is common with shotguns; I'm not sure if the same applies to rifles offhand, they might be more sensitive to that and it might not work. Typical shell lengths with a shotgun are 2 2/3 inches, 3 inches, and 3 1/2 inches. 

&gt; there are no drum mags in the country right? 

Drum magazines are 100% legal, though are subject to the same capacity laws as other magazines.

Just to add further, magazines are trivial to make. Typical box magazines are a box. With a spring in them. They're not subject to the forces a gun is when they're fired, so you could hypothetically make one out of some cardboard, a spring, and some tape. Voila, 100 round magazine. That little arts and crafts project could get you prison time, however. with how the capacity laws are written.
It's almost like there's something wrong with Canada's government....
Don't be too sure. I am old enough to recall the LGR, mainly through older family members being really pissed off about it(Think I was a couple years too young to have had my own firearms, back then. I got into it relatively late.). I also vote NDP, and have considered voting Liberal.

After having gotten into firearms as a hobby, I'm now forced to consider voting Conservative, even though I mostly dislike everything they stand for. They're actually right about guns.

Frankly I wish the more liberal parties would simply get their heads out of their asses about them.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CJ-PZvFY98M

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tD95IcD7UBI (This isn't legal in Canada, but used to be. Same for defense for most people, rather than hunting.)
&gt; I keep hearing about how LOTS of legal guns end up in the hands of criminals via theft or fake buyers

https://globalnews.ca/news/4428617/matt-gurney-toronto-gun-crime-statistics/

https://www.reddit.com/r/canadaguns/comments/9bqo1p/toronto_crime_gun_stats_released_20072017/

TL;DR, data does not support that.
No actually.

Yes, most guns that are manufactured are legally manufactured.

However, most guns used in crime in Canada are smuggled into the country, by definition illegal from the moment they cross the border.
While illegal sale of firearms is less of a problem than smuggling, it does occur. I own guns, and I've already approached the threshold of where the RCMP is allowed to do this. And I probably will exceed it at some point. I support that they should be able to check in on me for this purpose. That said, I think they should already be following up on suspicious transactions as it is, instead of ignoring it when they have every opportunity to stop it and then blaming legal gun owners.
Wow you’re reading comprehension is horrendous if that’s what you got out of that. Yikes.
The issue isn't on my end friend, the issue os within your own contradictory and baseless post. Now care to substantiate ANYTHING you've claimed so far? 


Ps:
&gt;Wow you’re reading comprehension is horrendous if that’s what you got out of that. Yikes.

Yikes indeed...
If you don’t want to actually reply to what was in my post and instead you’re gonna make stuff up and continue whining about it then it’s not worth talking to you any more. I’d suggest you try to reply to what the post you’re replying to actually says in the future though. Trolling isn’t a good look.
[removed]
I said two things. Why some Canadians feel the way they do and that this subreddit has a lot of Americans on it making it seem like more Canadians love guns. I don’t have a clue what you’re raging about but I suggest you take a chill pill or something. You’re acting like a raging troll at this point and it’s not good for anyone. Reported.
Neither of which you could substantiate. This is on par with blaming the Russians bud.


You forgetting that over 2 million Canadians have a firearms license alone?
So because you can't answer the questions, they're not in good faith? That's pretty blatant...

So you don't know about the topic, and decide rather than learning that insults are the route to go? Telling.


&gt;Nobody owes anyone anything on here. It's reddit. Sometimes you don't get answers to the questions you ask. I wouldn't read into it too much.

You've been so quick to speak until now, I'd be remiss not to read the obvious.

&gt;We are a country founded on the fur trade. This needs to be recognized."
• "Our internationally competitive shooters are forced to practice with magazines below standard capacity."


Both of which are true and you have no rebuttal except to malign them in a circular argument.

&gt;We have a lot bigger concerns than how our "internationally competitive shooters" practice.

Fallacious and silly, unless you think our government is unable to multitask...  would you accept this line of reasoning anywhere else if it didn't come from your own mouth?


&gt;It represents a glorification of gun culture. 

But the other colour doesnt? Be consistent.

&gt;That's why they're banned and that's why people want to buy them.

So then how do they exist if there's not a demand for them? You're making some very superficial and silly arguments here.

&gt; They want guns that "look cool" and have "cool slogans" written on them. 

How does that impact public safety again?  

&gt;It's sad and childish and silly,

I could say the same about your entire post and be far more accurate.


&gt;and it's a celebration of guns and gun culture that we don't want in this society.

You don't get to define what "we" want in a democracy, that you're so afraid of the very concept being explored in a democratic context shows you seem to know its got potential to be winning policy.
Dude, it's over. You can put down your book of first year university debate club insults. 

You have (at best) an inability to understand the nuance of anything being said here, or (at worst) are just a shitty troll with no care for the potential impact of your trolling.

I *hate* saying stuff like this because it sounds like I'm just dismissing your opinions, but, honestly, you don't seem to have any. You've offered nothing of substance to this argument but instead keep (incorrectly) trotting out debate buzzwords and claiming people aren't answering your questions. 

If you really think I haven't answered these questions already, just go re-read what I've said and we can totally pick this back up, but I'm having to repeat myself too much at this point.

If I'm misreading you, I apologise. Communication in forums like this can be tough, but I've looked through this thread and communication failure really seems to be on your end.

Peace.
Thank you; you said pretty much everything I was going to. And yes, you're right about the Winchester's tube mag. I just didn't want to make things too convoluted for him.
&gt;Here’s the point: Gun owners are a huge minority in Canada 

technically, obviously. But go look at other demographics and eliminate all the groups that are less than 2 million people.

gun owners are a large group. obviously they don't all think the same, but that's not the point.

also, you never answered about what you will think when, after banning other people's guns and you supporting it, they end up wanting to ban your guns too?
&gt;Please show me where in our charter of right, firearm ownership is because i would love to see it.

do your rights only come from what's written on a piece of paper?

&gt;And firearms a not linked to property rights because firearm ownership is ILLEGAL BY DEFAULT.

yeah and in 1933 in Nazi Germany it was illegal for jews to own farms or engage in agriculture. Does that mean that jews didn't have a right to own farms, or does it mean that they had a right to own farms, government was just infringing on it?

&gt;I highly suggest you become more knowledgeable about firearms in Canad before spewing nonsense.

I know more about firearms in Canada than you do. This is about where you believe rights come from. If "rights" are just "things government lets me do", then you're correct, we have no right to guns. We also have no right to free speech. But if you believe that rights are something that all people have, whether or not government recognizes those rights, then we absolutely have a right to guns, the Canadian government just doesn't recognize it.
why? do you want to prohibit ALL guns?
&gt;I mean, sure the AR-15 is restricted and something functionally similar (like the Mini-14 or Keltec Su-16) is non-restricted, but that seems like a fairly minor quibble. 

well, the most popular sporting rifle in the past 40 years being arbitrarily restricted more than other functionally identical rifles is not really a minor quibble when it heavily limits what we can do with them. For example, we can't hunt with them, can't shoot on private property, etc.

&gt;I think the biggest issue is with something like the green rifles, where the RCMP can arbitrarily and retroactively determine something is prohibited and then not offer compensation to gun owners. 

that is indeed a big issue.
&gt;I wonder why that is. 

probably a variety of reasons. Better treatment for mental health might be one of them.

gun ownership probably isn't it though. Neither is it because of gun laws. I mean, schools are all gun-free zones in the US. Lot of good it does them.
I was referring to licensed guns. I wonder why there are less licensed guns in Canada. It was a rhetorical question because the answer was so obvious but I guess I should spell it out for some people. It’s exactly because of gun laws. That’s why we have less licensed guns. And less licensed guns means there are less guns for disturbed teens to steal and use to shoot up their school.
&gt;Only the essentials that private companies could not be trusted with

what makes you so sure private companies can't be trusted with those things?

private education seems pretty capable. private healthcare can also be very high quality. private transportation is also very capable.

&gt;Ideally telecom would be also be government cause the companies are fucking it up worse than could be believed.

you seem to be assuming that our telecom issues are because of not enough government, even though government is deeply involved in our telecom industry. I would suggest the solution is less government.

&gt;Since you threw a strawman at me, I'll assume you want to turn Canada into South Sudan where there is virtually no government at all. lol

South Sudan has a government. There have been civil wars in Sudan for a couple decades, and South Sudan held a referendum a few years ago to secede from the rest of Sudan. There has since been still continued civil war and strife, unfortunately. Although worth pointing out, it's been largely different factions of government and military who have been fighting each other for control.
&gt;I'm just saying...if it ain't broke don't fix it?

can we not consider it broken if there are numerous laws that are inefficient, ambiguous, poorly-written, unfair, illogical, and not related to public safety?
&gt;You have to admit those are hilariously silly reasons to want to change laws

our history of hunting and trapping and pioneers is silly? if you say so.

&gt;It represents a glorification of gun culture. That's why they're banned and that's why people want to buy them. They want guns that "look cool" and have "cool slogans" written on them

what exactly are you talking about?
&gt;This tells me that you aren't old enough to remember the whole gun registry debacle the last times the liberals were in power.

right, well it hasn't been an issue since the early 90's, yes. that's the point.

If you haven't noticed, it's been over 20 years.

&gt;You weren't going to vote liberal anyways and nobody cares about your non-existent "muh rights" argument. 

idk I keep getting responses from people in this thread saying that they are gun owners who vote liberal. There's more than you think.

&gt;and nobody cares about your non-existent "muh rights" argument

ooh. salty. are you so flippant and dismissive about other people who complain about their rights being infringed on?
what?

you said "yeah but if you snap, the consequences to the rest of society could be much higher" in response to someone who owns a gun.

so I said that if someone who owns a car snaps, the consequences can also be much higher.

Are you disagreeing with this?
&gt;Because dumbasses like you pretend there’s an equivalency between them and firearms

so, you try hard to argue that cars can't be deadly weapons and vehicles aren't capable of massacring tons of people because you don't like when people compare guns to cars?

ok.

&gt;It’s a shitty and dishonest argument that you’re clearly having a difficult time defending when pressed on. 

not really. You're the one squirming around trying to explain how cars aren't just as potentially deadly as guns are, and then started talking about how cars can't drive on stairs.
of course. but the point is that gun owners are a large demographic, hardly some fringe minority group. appealing to gun owners is a reasonable thing to do.
yep.

AK's and any "AK variant" are automatically prohibited.

and then they declared that the Dragunov is a "variant" of an AK, despite the fact that it's not, and made it prohibited. Or the time they looked at a Mossberg .22 rifle that had some plastic on it to give it an AK-like look was a "variant" of an AK, and prohibited it.

fun stuff.

they literally sat there in the 90's and just looked through gun catalogues and circled everything "scary" that they thought should be banned.
&gt;I wonder why there are less licensed guns in Canada

less than what?

&gt;It’s exactly because of gun laws. That’s why we have less licensed guns. And less licensed guns means there are less guns for disturbed teens to steal and use to shoot up their school. 

well, there's plenty of guns in Canada, but we don't seem to have any issue with school shootings. Do you think it's possible that there are other reasons for that, not just number of guns? Also, why are only school shootings your concern? school shootings are a statistical anomaly among gun homicide rates, and only get the attention they do because of the emotional horror and the fact that it's children in school, but it's really dubious for you to claim that there's some sort of issue with school shootings, especially in Canada where it pretty much never happens.
Less than the US. Obviously. I talked about the comparison to the US multiple times. Why is this topic so hard for you to understand these simple concepts? Do I need to clarify everything?

There’s “plenty of guns in Canada”.  That’s quite a statement. Everything is relative. We have guns, yes. But much less than the US, so saying “plenty” is kinda silly in this comparison. We also have school shootings. But again, less of them. The amount of school shootings we have is directly proportional to the amount of guns that we have, when compared to the US. 

Now OF COURSE there are going to be other factors and no, school shootings are not the ONLY kind of shootings that we should be concerned about. That doesn’t change the truth of the matter, which is that frequency of school shootings are proportional to availability of licensed firearms. And for you to say that it’s “dubious” of me to say that there’s an issue with school shootings (that word doesn’t mean what you think it means) is pretty hilarious. Cause there is an issue with school shootings. In the US.  How can you possibly deny that? That issue is what i was talking about. The issue they have with school shootings, because of how many licensed guns they have. Children are afraid to go to school and you want to just dismiss that because it’s a “statistical anomaly?” You want to continue making the argument that crimes only happen with illegal guns, when this is a significant example proving you wrong?
&gt;But much less than the US, so saying “plenty” is kinda silly in this comparison. We also have school shootings. But again, less of them

ok.

Canada is 5th in the world for guns per capita. Saying "but we're less than literally the #1 most guns per capita in the world" is not much of an argument. We have more guns per capita than France, Norway, Sweden, Germany, United Kingdom, etc. We also still have comparable numbers of school shootings to those countries (ie. only 1-2 in ten years, essentially statistically non-existent). So I could equally argue that our increase number of guns clearly isn't contributing to or causing any increased number of school shootings.

&gt;The issue they have with school shootings, because of how many licensed guns they have

that's false, as I explained above. You haven't (and can't) prove that their increased gun ownership rate is the cause of their school shootings.

&gt;Children are afraid to go to school and you want to just dismiss that because it’s a “statistical anomaly?”

yes. we're dealing with stats here, not emotions. Obviously no child should be afraid to go to school. obviously even one school shooting is too many and is a horrible tragedy. duh. But we're talking about sweeping legislation that affects millions of people, and overall statistical trends and correlation/causation. the emotions of an event that happens maybe once every ten years in Canada is not justification for the policies you're advocating for.
[deleted]
Which already exists for firearms (and nothing else), and has existed for decades. 

Cars kill orders of magnitudes more Canadians on a yearly basis than firearms and yet there are no Criminal penalties for a car owner whose car gets stolen and used in crime, even if he was completely negligent and failed to prevent easy access to his car.
&gt; our history of hunting and trapping and pioneers is silly? if you say so.

Nobody said that. I'm saying basing major parts of your party's platform on the need to "recognise our history of fur trade" and "protect our international shooters" is fucking silly as shit, which is obvious to anyone who isn't insanely biased. It's ok to not agree with every talking point. 

&gt; what exactly are you talking about?

What are you asking? Me to explain the explanation? I'm saying guns like the ones people complain about being banned (the spartan and the 47 specifically) are about glorifying gun culture. That's not really debatable. That's what those guns are doing, and that's why people want them.
Except this Government currently has two Bills on the Order paper, one (C-51) putting more restrictions on firearms owners that won't have any impact whatsoever on the criminal use of firearms and another (C-75) which *reduces* the penalties for a long list of violent crimes.
Hilarious, youve supplied nothing of the sort and now you're running away in a longwinded flurry of insults, denial and transference.


I don't need to put forth my opinion because unlike you my opinion was not at all part of this, i asked you to support your position within the structure of the law. You could not and in an infantile response tried to attack me instead.


Telling. "Peace"
&gt;There is a difference though. If doctor's were state employees the state could dictate which doctor's could practice where, transfer them to under serviced areas, etc...

This is true, of course.

&gt;You would also have no choice in family doctor's, because there would only be one state run department who assigned you one

It isn't far from being this way now, if you're in an area with few family doctors, and years-long waiting lists to get one.
&gt;So South Sudan still has too much government for your liking? Needs more war and strife before it becomes a paradise, amirite?

I'm not sure where you're getting the idea that the government of South Sudan (which is basically a military dictatorship, their GDP military spending is insane) is somehow "libertarian".

&gt;First: private companies exist to make a profit. Companies that are losing money will literally cease to exist

which is a form of quality control.

and I mean, what do you suppose the alternative is? companies existing for charity? do you think government is charitable? that they exist to serve us? lol

&gt;In order to turn a profit, the service must either be more expensive or worse quality versus a service provider that just breaks even, i.e. the government

ah well there's where you're wrong. What makes you think government "breaks even" on their monopolies? How do you even define breaking even when it's an entire government? There are government businesses that definitely make money for the government. It just gets spent in other ways, it's not sitting there as "profit" for shareholders. Except, when they spend it on other programs, that's basically like they are giving payouts to their shareholders, the taxpayer. It's really no different except government holds a monopoly on whatever industry they want.

&gt;Telecom: Municipal ISPs are less expensive and faster. Exclusivity agreements between private ISPs avoid competition and inflate prices. Private ISPs profit off a crisis by throttling the internet speeds for emergency services. Overall poor value in rural areas, i.e. bad service for a high price.

our telecom issues are not a problem of not enough government. government is deeply involved in our telecom industry. It's insanely hard for smaller or local ISP's to exist in Canada, which is why they don't.

&gt;Healthcare: Private healthcare is effective if you can afford it, but overall it's more expensive for a worse outcome, see US healthcare for examples

the US is not privatized healthcare. the US has medicare, Medicaid, etc. not to mention there are enormous amounts of government (FDA) regulations that delay drugs, or grant effective monopolies on certain drugs or treatments (which raises the price), etc. the US is really the worst of both worlds because it has the worst elements of private healthcare, and the worst elements of public healthcare.

it's not like our healthcare system is so great. There are tons of drugs and medicine that aren't covered by your government insurance, there are enormous wait times for EVERYTHING, and we have roughly half the number of doctors available for people (roughly same number of doctors per capita as the US, but roughly double the number of visits people make).
What "rights" are being "infringed"?
True enough, though I think that would mostly appeal to the owners whose collections are measured in the tens of thousands instead of the average owner who has like 4-5 firearms. More to lose basically
[deleted]
&gt;I'm saying basing major parts of your party's platform on the need to "recognise our history of fur trade" and "protect our international shooters" is fucking silly as shit

there are over two million licensed gun owners in Canada. Most of those gun owners fall into either hunting, or sport shooting. That line addresses both main categories of shooters. having a point in your platform addressing gun owners is not "silly". You might think it's silly, that's your prerogative I guess, but dismissing it that way is foolish.

is it "silly as shit" for parties to have lines in their platforms addressing farmers? how many farmers are there in Canada? is it silly for parties to have lines in their platforms addressing indigenous people? There's only maybe 1.7 million indigenous people in Canada, is it "silly as shit" to have lines in platforms addressing them and their concerns?

YOU are the one that is being biased. YOU don't care about guns and think guns are silly, so you think a party platform addressing gun owners is silly.

&gt;I'm saying guns like the ones people complain about being banned (the spartan and the 47 specifically) are about glorifying gun culture

1) it's words and stupid logos on a gun's stock. Why is that such a big deal that it needs to be prohibited? that doesn't make any sense.

2) the "47" is what? are you referring to the Mossberg Blaze 47? or AK's? neither should be prohibited, there's no good reason to prohibit either, and neither 'glorify gun culture'

3) what is this boogeyman about glorifying gun culture? what is "gun culture"? why is it a bad thing anyways? there's lots of culture around guns, and a lot of it is great. a culture of learning, of history, of hunting, of conservation and appreciation of nature, of competition and sport, of friendship, of responsibility, of safety.
I suspect even you would agree that cars by far outweigh guns as far as person-hour used. Wonder what that comparison would look like if you applied it fairly. 

And there are laws in some places [against keeping your car unlocked](https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/ottawa-man-gets-52-ticket-for-leaving-car-unlocked-in-quebec-1.3728788). Responsibility is important.
when Liberals or NDP complain about how the PC want to take away women's right to abortion, or gay rights to get married? Do you similarly dismiss those? would you have said "pff, what a non-existent "muh rights" argument, gay people have no right to get married, it doesn't say anywhere in the Charter, so too bad, it's illegal"? or would you have said "X people have Y rights, even if the government bans them from doing it right now"?
well it obviously appeals more to people who are more invested in their guns, but even still, the proposed laws affect all gun owners, and when the Liberals do this, it motivates those otherwise moderate gun owners to mobilize and vote. Liberal MPs in rural areas have confirmed that they lost votes because of the LGR issue. That means rural people who tend to vote Liberal were switching their vote because the Liberals pushed stricter gun laws too hard.
&gt;Quality of what exactly? 

quality of the company.

&gt;Since the "shareholders" are the citizens/society then making profit is no different from break-even because the excess money goes back to the ones who paid.

that sounds nice in theory.

except, governments routinely run deficits and run up huge debts, and perpetually raise taxes. If they were actually good at running things in a profitable manner, then yeah, we'd have budget surpluses all the time. Go ask anyone in government, what does everyone do at year-end? they scramble to spend what's left of their budget, otherwise they might get budget cuts. If a company comes in below their budget at the end of a year, it's a great success, it means they saved money. It promotes efficiency. Government promotes waste, bloat, and inefficiency and make-work projects just to fill budgets and waste money.

&gt;So you agree with me that we need public ISPs.

nope. the exact opposite. I want government to stop enabling the giant telecom corporations and make it easier for competition. The government blocks competition from entering here. A while back, IIRC it was AT&amp;T who wanted to open up Canadian services. They weren't allowed to because Robellus whined loud enough to the government.

&gt;That's just patently false. And even it was true

it is true. our wait times are insanely high.
https://www.macleans.ca/society/health/canadas-health-care-wait-times-hit-new-record-high-again/

&gt;it's better than the alternative of simply not treating people who can't afford it

I'm not sure it is. Our system is bloated with double the amount of doctor visits as people in the US make. Most of those, no doubt, are probably not essential visits, but people go because it's "free". So they over-burden the system for the people who really need it. Which is what happens when you pay for a service through tax dollars that way.

&gt; Public healthcare is more efficient!

by what measure? we see double the doctor visits, which is a big part of why we have such insane wait times. not to mention, that says nothing about the quality of care.
"right to abortion" - Section 7 of the Charter 

"gay rights to get married" - Section 15 of the Charter

Why is it always the case that the loudest people on the Internet are always the least informed?
"the right to life, liberty and security of the person."

how does that relate to aborting a fetus? if you can interpret it that broadly, then I can equally interpret it to mean that I have a right to security of the person and to liberty, meaning I should be free to own guns, and therefore my right to own guns is part of Charter 7.

and Section 15 doesn't actually mention sexual orientation. It says "equal protection and equal benefit of the law without discrimination and, in particular, without discrimination based on race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, sex, age or mental or physical disability"

so by your same reasoning, there is no right for a man to marry another man, it doesn't say anywhere in the charter that people have that right, and when it says people have a right to not be discriminated against by the law, it doesn't include for sexual preference.

and yet, you believe that women have a right to abortion, and gay people have a right to get married. Interesting. You interpret the intent of the Charter Rights to include those things you support. But when it comes to guns, suddenly because it doesn't literally say "you have a right to own guns", I don't have that right?

nice try.
&gt; there are over two million licensed gun owners in Canada.

Exactly! That's your argument having this on your platform (though it's still a funny thing to see next to things like "the economy" and "the environment"). Two million people is a lot of people! I'm saying that pretending you're changing laws to help "internationally competitive shooters" is silly. Just say there are a lot of people in Canada with guns and you want to represent them. There's nothing wrong with that. 

&gt; it's words and stupid logos on a gun's stock. Why is that such a big deal that it needs to be prohibited?

See every comment I've made in this whole thread. 

&gt; and neither 'glorify gun culture'

Of course they do. Come on. [Why make a gun look like another gun then](https://www.economist.com/the-economist-explains/2014/01/08/why-did-the-ak-47-become-so-popular)? It doesn't make it cooler? It doesn't make people think they're in a movie when they're shooting it? It absolutely glorifies weapons.  That's the entire marketing angle behind it. It's fine to still want it, just be honest about it. 

&gt; what is this boogeyman about glorifying gun culture?

Look south.

This is an admittedly tough one though. It's easy to say "these guns are the same lol!" and much more difficult to have the conversation about why they aren't the same, about why what something symbolizes can be important.

&gt;  lots of culture around guns, and a lot of it is great. a culture of learning, of history, of hunting, of conservation and appreciation of nature, of competition and sport, of friendship, of responsibility, of safety.

I was raised in a house filled with guns, and that's what I believe as well. I couldn't agree more. So let's focus on celebrating that culture. 

It's weird how a lot of the arguments on here (not saying you, but on here generally) seem to revolve around people wanting to own cool guns, and not around wanting to make sure our [suicide rates don't rise](https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/news/magazine/guns-and-suicide/) as it tends to with increased gun ownership, or that our gun crimes don't spin out of control like they have in the US. 

Again, I'm not saying everyone...but that seems to be the overwhelming majority.
*"in particular"* Meaning that section 15 protects those types of discrimination, but is not limited to that list you ding dong.

You should pick up a text book sometime and give it a read.
thank you for the ELI5 that i did not need. i know that it was a tube mag. from my readings (and that wiki you linked) different styles of the Winchester 94 have different capacities based off of the barrel length and what it was rifled for. also why are drum mags legal? like wtf is the point of a 5 round drum mag XD
&gt; like wtf is the point of a 5 round drum mag XD

About the same point having a pin in a magazine has. Not much.

More seriously, assuming a law-abiding licensed firearm owner: aesthetic reasons. A lot of aftermarket stuff is just because it looks cool.
&gt;Meaning that section 15 protects those types of discrimination, but is not limited to that list you ding dong.

k cool. well in that case, the law can't discriminate against gun owners either.
&gt;I'm saying that pretending you're changing laws to help "internationally competitive shooters" is silly.

that is part of it though. I don't see why giving specific examples is a bad thing. It's actually better than the usual party platforms that have vague nonsense like "we need to reform our healthcare system" or whatever.

&gt;Just say there are a lot of people in Canada with guns and you want to represent them. There's nothing wrong with that. 

he has also said that.

&gt;Of course they do. Come on. Why make a gun look like another gun then? It doesn't make it cooler?

sure. but why is that labeled as "glorifying gun culture"? People like cool looking cars, or cool looking bikes, or cool looking clothing, or cool looking pocket knives, or cool looking jewelry.

&gt;It doesn't make people think they're in a movie when they're shooting it? It absolutely glorifies weapons

well idk if people "think they're in a movie". I haven't met any gun owners that are that childish. And does it "glorify weapons" any more than cool looking cars glorify street-racing?

&gt;Look south.

we aren't the US. whatever issues you think they have, a "gun culture" isn't it. If anything it's a poverty issue. It's a drug and gang issue. The US has an enormous gang problem that places like Canada just can't even compare to.

&gt;I was raised in a house filled with guns, and that's what I believe as well. I couldn't agree more. So let's focus on celebrating that culture. 

cool. agreed. so what's the problem with an AK that makes it not good for celebrating that culture, while other guns are??
Damn dude you solved it. The mad man figured it out. Canada does have a 2A in its charter after all 😂
I'm not the one saying that our rights are determined/given by what's in our Charter. That's you.
Our rights aren't determined by what's in the Charter?? Oh man, someone better tell the Supreme Court, they're gonna be pissed

😂😂😂
&gt;Our rights aren't determined by what's in the Charter??

so you believe that human rights are granted by whatever the government writes down on a piece of paper and decides to allow you?

sad!
I think we're close, it's just the distinction, meaning, and power behind what we both consider to be the glorification of guns.

I'm not sure we'll ever bridge that gap honestly, it's a tough one to figure out.

But, for my part, I think guns occupy a very special place in our society. They're made for the express purpose of killing things. So, for reasons I think are pretty obvious, I don't think you can compare them to cars, pocket knives, or jewelry.

You know what I mean? Nobody's worried about the glorification of necklace culture because necklaces don't kill people.

For what it's worth though, we should note that we do take steps to devalue things we think are dangerous or harmful to society. Look at smoking, look at motorcycle modification laws, look at laws regulating ads targeted at children.

So, society regulates things it thinks are harmful, and at least a section of society thinks *these* guns are harmful....so they're regulated.

All we can do now is discuss where that line of regulation should be drawn. 
You think the spartan gun is harmless, I think it's ridiculous, that it only serves to glorify guns and has no place in this country. 

You think bringing in that culture is fine because it comes with a bunch of other good things. I think the bad outweighs the good (for that one gun).
A $52 ticket is not a criminal penalty.
&gt;They're made for the express purpose of killing things

that's not really a clear line though. many guns aren't made for that purpose. and many guns were originally designed for that purpose, but aren't used that way anymore. and many guns maybe are designed to kill things, but have become popular for other reasons.

you can still compare them to cars or other things.

&gt;For what it's worth though, we should note that we do take steps to devalue things we think are dangerous or harmful to society. Look at smoking, look at motorcycle modification laws

cigarettes are much less restricted than guns are. same for any vehicle.

&gt;and at least a section of society thinks these guns are harmful....so they're regulated.

the problem is that the level of regulation is not correlated with the level of harm. When one gun is deemed "more harmful" just because it's black or has a certain name, that's silly.

&gt;You think the spartan gun is harmless, I think it's ridiculous

except "it's ridiculous" isn't a legitimate basis for banning things in our laws.
&gt; just because it's black or has a certain name, that's silly

Nothing has ever been banned for a name that I've seen. Are there examples of this? Pro-gun people keep saying it, but I've never seen it.

&gt; except "it's ridiculous" isn't a legitimate basis for banning things in our laws.

You cut off the rest of my statement.
Nah dude, they're obviously decided by whatever Maxine Bernier and his pee pee party post on twitter 😂
&gt;Nothing has ever been banned for a name that I've seen. Are there examples of this? Pro-gun people keep saying it, but I've never seen it.

http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/regulations/SOR-98-462/FullText.html

there's an entire list. read through it.

&gt;You cut off the rest of my statement. 

&gt;I think it's ridiculous, that it only serves to glorify guns and has no place in this country.

that's still not a legitimate basis for banning things in our laws.

I can't think of a single thing where someone saying: "I think ____ is ridiculous, that only serves to glorify ____ and has no place in our country" is a legitimate reason to impose sweeping legislation and strict regulation.

here watch:

"I think *fast cars* are ridiculous, that only serves to glorify *racing* and has no place in our country"

"I think *backyard pools* are ridiculous, that only serves to glorify *drowning* and has no place in our country"

"I think *drinking alcohol* is ridiculous, that only serves to glorify *alcoholism and DUI* and has no place in our country"

"I think *smoking* is ridiculous, that only serves to glorify *lung cancer* and has no place in our country"

nope, none of those are good reasons to ban things that you don't personally approve of.
&gt;there's an entire list. read through it.

Which one is because of a NAME though. There might be some...but nobody has pointed one out to me yet. It seems the vast majority are because of the look, not the name. Can't we agree on that?

&gt;here watch:
&gt; 
&gt; "I think fast cars are ridiculous, that only serves to glorify racing and has no place in our country"
&gt; 
&gt; "I think backyard pools are ridiculous, that only serves to glorify drowning and has no place in our country"
&gt; 
&gt; "I think drinking alcohol is ridiculous, that only serves to glorify alcoholism and DUI and has no place in our country"
&gt; 
&gt; "I think smoking is ridiculous, that only serves to glorify lung cancer and has no place in our country"

Except that's exactly what we do. 

- [Flavours of e-cigs are limited](https://www.vapes.com/blogs/news/canada-bans-confectionery-flavored-e-liquids-lifestyle-advertising) because we think they're harmful and appeal to youths
- [Types of motorcycles are limited because we think they're unnecessarily dangerous](https://saaq.gouv.qc.ca/en/vehicle-registration/registering-vehicle/motorcycle/high-risk-motorcycles/)
- We have [standards for alcoholic drinks](https://ipolitics.ca/2018/03/07/health-canada-reviewing-drinks-high-alcohol-volume-quebec-teens-death/) that have caffeine (not allowed) or drinks that are too high in alcohol (maybe not allowed in the future).

We restrict and regulate everything that we think is dangerous. You're upset because it's your particular hobby that's being limited, but it's perfectly in-line with how we protect our people.
It's a penalty. You are the one who made that distinction.
Calling this a "libertarian party" is an extreme warping of the term Libertarian and what it means. 

Bernier shares some values with Libertarians (small government), but his racist ideas and anti-diversity views are the total opposite of what it means to advocate for a libertarian society, where civil liberties are supposed to be absolutely paramount. You can't claim to be a libertarian and be anti-diversity. A libertarian society would be the most diverse on the planet.

This is the problem with a lot of our political parties. They like to align with the economic viewpoints of a position and yet often try to totally re-shape the social viewpoints of a position - ignoring the fact that **THEY ARE TIED**. Conservatives when formed used to ADVOCATE FOR the separation of church and state - because that is what makes sense from the perspective of a TRUE conservative - small government, not meddling in affairs of the people. 

There is currently no real option for people who want to support a party that is truely based on conservative ideals - smaller government, freedom for people, capitalist society, based on extremely strong civil rights that are enforced by the courts.
&gt; his racist ideas

Curious...can you be specific?
Can you link some of his racist ideas? From what I have seen he wants to keep immigration at the levels under the conservative government (250,000) and I can't imagine changes to race being a determining factor for becoming a citizen.
&gt; his racist ideas and anti-diversity views

ugh
How is he racist when he wants the immigrants to be better integrated, share our values and have better lives? I would think someone who mass imports them with little to no follow up leaving them on social aid is a little more racist no?
&gt;his racist ideas

sigh
[deleted]
Racist sexist xenophobic blah blah blah please try something new for once
And one would expect libertarians to be extremely wary of the government trying to legislate how much diversity is "extreme diversity", especially given open borders and free movement of labour are libertarian ideals. And yet, here we are, the "libertarian" candidate is arguing for the government being able to decide what the people's "common values" are, and whether or not we have too many new people or new ideas flowing around. 

I mean if libertarians are willing to expect we need the government to trust who should be allowed in and out of the country, and, more importantly, what or how many new ideas are "too dangerous" for the "country's values", then really, how am I to take them at face value when they say they believe in small government?
It's [current year], not openly advocating for open borders is totes ultra Nazi racist.
[deleted]
Experience has told us time and time again that when "People's" is part of the party name, something is gonna go wrong lol
[removed]
When it's part of a communist (read: left) party name.

he's deliberately using it to take the name back from commies
[deleted]
&gt; he's deliberately using it to take the name back from commies

Lol, what's he going to take back next? Tiki torches from the white nationalists?
you might be hoping that he doesn't try and take back unfunny liberal smugness from yourself

as do the rest of us
I'm not a Liberal. Never voted Liberal in my life.

You know the whole "liberal vs conservative" mentality people like you have does this country no good. Leave that shit in the States.

And if you don't want people to laugh at you, don't say stupid shit. Fucking taking the name back from the commies. Lol.
By liberal, I meant: "including to the left of the Liberal party of Canada"

Why? because the word "left----ist" is auto-shadowbanned here

my point: this party is not for you and never was going to be. your disdain for it is actually a selling point.
&gt; Why? because the word "left----ist" is auto-shadowbanned here

No it's not. Being a moron might get you banned but saying the word leftist is well within the rules. Stop being so dramatic.
why is the word leftFILLERist banned here? Dafuq
[deleted]
i made four posts here containing it that did not appear when logged out.

I made three of those four posts again with that word substituted with something else (no other changes), and they showed up.

Summary:
That's what those guns are doing, and that's why people want them.
I don't get, at all, what he is saying.
I think people should be allowed to have guns.
I would be against that as well.
But I don't think it should be a **RIGHT**.
*A* gun as in *any* gun.
It is what is it.
We have no gun rights in Canada.
I know more about firearms in Canada than you do.
Cars kill more than guns.
Ask any gun owner what they own.
They're actually right about guns.
You know what I mean?
There's more than you think.
I get that you were joking.
It's not a gun joke.
Get rid of the guns, I don't care why you have them.
That's what it seems like.
You don't even need a reason to own one.
Well, I know who I'm not voting for.
legal guns getting into hands of criminals?
But they don't do this.
They don't want you having them.
What makes you think that?
Honestly, I have no problem with Canada banning a gun like that.
I don't really agree with what you said.
I don't understand why we should be changing them at all.
I don't know why people bring this up like it matters.
I have yet to shoot someone.
That said I have nothing against Long guns.
If that's why that gun was banned, I'm fine with it.
And that's because people are stupid.
or that's a lot of pretense and he really likes guns.
The firearms license doesn't MAKE him less likely.
That's how laws like this get passed.
And how do you protect yourself using a gun?
I wonder why there are less licensed guns in Canada.
Just say there are a lot of people in Canada with guns and you want to represent them.
&gt; You don't get our hobby so you want to limit it.
So what if he likes firearms?
And now I can see where we differ.
&gt;We have no gun rights in Canada.
&gt; So he needs to say that.
Just make it illegal for criminals to have guns.
The issue they have with school shootings, because of how many licensed guns they have.
Banning guns doesn't stop shootings.
You don't get our hobby so you want to limit it.
&gt;but we don't need more guns.
Because I don’t vote conservative I don’t like my guns?
I support reasonable gun rights in Canada but not more than I like healthcare.
&gt; by keeping a gun in his house.
It’s exactly because of gun laws.
Criminals do steal other people's guns though.
I was referring to licensed guns.
appealing to gun owners is a reasonable thing to do.
yes, we all know there are gun owners who vote liberal.
It's easy to say "these guns are the same lol!"
I mean, people *can* go on rampages with cars.
You mean what is going on right now in Toronto with illegal gun owners?
The person who owns the gun.
People who are anti-gun don't know anything about guns.
do you want to prohibit ALL guns?
I don’t know what you’re saying.
Right, but the analogs of those things for guns are already the law in Canada.
obviously they don't all think the same, but that's not the point.
&gt; there are over two million licensed gun owners in Canada.
So he needs to say that.
See that's the problem right there.
I mean, you can be licensed and not a conservative.
I still wouldn't call our gun laws stupid.
As a gun owner I want less gun rights.
That issue is what i was talking about.
everyone I know owns at least one gun...
But... You just said it, and I didn't!
Yeah, guns are designed to kill things.
Hold the same views as you, also don't own guns.
I think the system that Canada has currently is the best it can get.
I think the bad outweighs the good (for that one gun).
You need 15 guns to hunt?
Even if the Liberals left the gun laws alone, these people would never vote for them.
We need less of them.
Because I don't understand it.
I would say it doesn't really tell you anything, one way or another.
If you speak to most Canadian gun owners you will find they are reasonable people.
You can absolutely make the case it's more dangerous to society, and I think that's what they're doing by banning it.
I just want my rifle and my shotgun.
They will still get them.
"Guns weren't an issue until now!!!
And that is the point.
It couldn't be that I honestly don't get what you're saying?
Edit: and on top of that, I don't even own guns.
well, there's plenty of guns in Canada, but we don't seem to have any issue with school shootings.
You ask me to say what I don't get, and then don't answer it?
He's coming right for us!
I'm not against the EU model, but I don't think it's much better.
They don’t use magazines and I don’t care for getting more guns.
Not sure why I'm getting down voted.
You can have any opinion you want.
I think our gun laws are actually pretty decent as they now stand.
&gt; And holy shit, he really likes guns.
Killing people is already illegal.
I don't own any guns (yet...) but I do have my RPAL.
there's over 2 million licensed gun owners.
You don’t actually know what that means, do you?
Guns exist to protect as well.
Our criminals aren't using legal guns.
That said, *it's a safety course, and it's a gun*.
WE BANNED A GUN THAT DOESN'T EXIST lol.
That's kinda true for all gun owners, right?
whatever issues you think they have, a "gun culture" isn't it.
Why do you need a car?
One other thing I find odd.
But again, less of them.
I'm never going to kill someone with a gun yet I own multiple.
Why make a gun look like another gun then?
Neither is it because of gun laws.
I don’t want the good guys to have them either.
It makes people feel safe, there's also a sport for it.
What do you have and where do you shoot?
And yet it’s still more dangerous then not having s gun.
You can't take  that away.
There are existing laws and policies.
Don’t want crazies like you owning a gun.
It's almost like there's something wrong with Canada's government....
also, you never answered about what you will think when, after banning other people's guns and you supporting it, they end up wanting to ban your guns too?
And holy shit, he really likes guns.
That isn't me making a claim.
We need to do better.
I would be interested to know why someone would want a gun specifically because it looks like another gun.
he has also said that.
idk I keep getting responses from people in this thread saying that they are gun owners who vote liberal.
I don't see why giving specific examples is a bad thing.
many guns aren't made for that purpose.
It's that he said "yet"
&gt; "Get Ottawa out of health care."
I do own guns, and I would be ok with this approach.
You show me specifically where I did that or fuck off.
Canada already has a private healthcare system.
That's fair, I'm not saying it's the only reason.
We also have school shootings.
Handguns are already banned, as well as all firearms in Canada.
Just out of curiosity, since you say you dont want to ban guns, what laws would you put into place to make sure that things like that never happen?
Because people like how the gun looks but can't own it either because it's expensive or not legal for purchase.
YOU don't care about guns and think guns are silly, so you think a party platform addressing gun owners is silly.
Lot of good it does them.
I'm not worried about responsible gun owners shooting up the place.
There's always room for improvement of course, but I just don't understand when people say our gun laws are "stupid".
&gt;Just say there are a lot of people in Canada with guns and you want to represent them.
All left parties in this country want guns banned, so you're first.
But it looks like we have some work to do in regards to legally purchased guns.
That’s why we have less licensed guns.
That's why they're banned and that's why people want to buy them.
And even it was true

it is true.
Let's be more like the US guys.
It's none of your business why I have a gun.
There is a difference though.
Do you think it's possible that there are other reasons for that, not just number of guns?
the laws are a joke.
Saying I can only have guns that look ugly is limiting our hobby.
That's the thing that a lot of people seem to be missing here.
you can still compare them to cars or other things.
&gt;You can absolutely make the case it's more dangerous to society, and I think that's what they're doing by banning it.
I'm not anti-gun, but I think it's fair to say guns exist in a world of their own.
I see nothing wrong here.
But we can also make it harder for them to get the means to harm other people as well.
&gt; It's called a shooting sport.
The guns are listed specifically by name.
Gun laws like this are about having less guns or large mags out there.
Legal gun owners are actually not who you should be afraid of, they go through a lot of mental tests.
Well, that's kind of the issue that was implied by what I was saying.
I would suggest the solution is less government.
That's actually a pretty good idea!
You be the first in line to hand in your guns then.
They're next after the hand guns.
THOSE are stupid gun laws.
Guns and mental health care for everyone!
He is less likely *therefore* he can get a license.
But when it comes to guns, suddenly because it doesn't literally say "you have a right to own guns", I don't have that right?
Id rather vote for someone who would try to take all guns away yet put more into healthcare than this guy.
well in that case, the law can't discriminate against gun owners either.
gun ownership probably isn't it though.
The right on abortion and the left on gun policy make two good examples.
having a point in your platform addressing gun owners is not "silly".
Do you want to be the US?
Not all 2 million licensed gun owners think the same either.
I wonder why that is.
&gt;That's why they're banned and that's why people want to buy them.
They are very different things.
&gt; I just want my rifle and my shotgun

and when they want to ban those?
My identity isn’t that I own guns.
I never claimed it was the majority.
Those proposals on gun laws are reasonable.
It doesn't matter that you don't even own the pistol.
Someone could come to your house with one and kill you with it, for example.
that doesn't make any sense.
I wouldn't read into it too much.
&gt; Why can't guns be fun or interesting?
I don’t think many people hold firearms in large priority.
I also agree that criminals will get their hands on concealable firearms, even if handguns are banned.
Thank you; you said pretty much everything I was going to.
This is about where you believe rights come from.
Now tell us why you think further policies for legal gun owners will stop crime.
I think politicians would be even less likely to make reasonable classification decisions than the RCMP.
Some crime does come from guns that have been licensed.
Lol way too many people are taking this so seriously.
Which is why I'm in agreement that we don't really need more gun control.
I'm not talking about taking away your rifles.
It's of course going to effect it.
Don't have a handgun yet, but I do have my RPAL.
that's why we use them for sport and competitions too?
Not banning guns will make them disappear less.
The more rights for the citizens, the better.
It doesn’t mean people who like guns are inherently more law-abiding.
&gt; Its a different colour than one thats legal, what exactly does it represent here?
Because the law allows one to.
it's not like our healthcare system is so great.
I like to compare handguns to bombs.
That's literally the way it is for most Canadians.
I'm all about the guns, and I thought your comment was hilarious.
I just didn't want to make things too convoluted for him.
Can't we agree on that?
basically this was the best gun the guy could get his hands.
Restrictions on what models you can use?
You know the whole "liberal vs conservative" mentality people like you have does this country no good.
His gun policy seems pretty good actually.
What makes you think government "breaks even" on their monopolies?
I still don't see your point or why someone would need to own a compact, concealable firearm.
there for i want gun laws that make it hard to acquire weapons that can hurt a lot of people in a very short time.
&gt; I mean every European country has private health care, mixed with public.
neither should be prohibited, there's no good reason to prohibit either, and neither 'glorify gun culture'

3) what is this boogeyman about glorifying gun culture?
&gt; what exactly are you talking about?
It's called a shooting sport.
I just don't see that angle.
they are EXACTLY the same firearm.
It’s also why he wants to kill the CRTC.
You want to save lives?
&gt; Guns exist solely to kill.
There are a lot of people who support a two-tier system that doesn't go against free healthcare.
&gt; I'm not familiar enough with our existing gun laws to answer that question.
I think that's the solution, we should be leaving you alone.
I'm doing everything legally so I have nothing to be concerned about.
Well, I guess that solves the gun debate.
