Original Response:
Hey guys. I’ve been trying to get my Ninja back up and running ever since the fuel seal went bad and got water in the engine. I thought the fuel pump was bad (and it was) so I had it rebuilt. The pump seems to be working fine now and I installed it in the bike, expecting it to be a simple fix that would cure everything. Alas, even though I can hear the pump spooling up now, I still can’t get the engine to start. I feel like something stupid is preventing it from turning over. 

The battery is at 100%, I went over all of the electrical systems on the bike with a multimeter and checked the fuses (all is well), and replaced the oil and oil filter.  Where would you start checking first if you were me? Spark plugs maybe? I thought I’d check in with r/Motorcycles before I started tearing her up again. 

Any tips and tricks for this guy?
Water my have damaged your injectors.
That’s kinda terrifying. How would I diagnose that if it was the case? Sounds like an expensive fix too..

Something tells me you may be right. I’ve never considered this until just now. Damn..
U could start by pulling the spark plugs and crank it over. Don't smoke while u do it. There should be a mist of gas in the air that comes out the spark plug hole. Did u change the gas and flush the fuel lines out during your pump rebuild?
Yeah definitely changed out the gas... but I didn’t flush the fuel lines. My pump wasn’t working. I mentioned in another post that this happened over a year ago— could water still be trapped in there after all this time?
Also, I got my bike looked at right before all this happened and the mechanic checked my spark plugs and said they were fine. Could they have fouled after literally a couple weeks of light riding and then this?
Yeah. The gas done went bad in your fuel lines. No longer flammable. Flush them out with fresh gas and hopefully it'll dissolve what's left in the injectors.
I doubt it but you can tell easy enough when u take them out. Might wanna clean the residue off them with some carb cleaner and a wire brush while they're out though. Can't hurt
Ugh, yeah. Probably wouldn’t hurt. I’m just not excited about having to pull the stick coil and all that pain in the ass stuff when I just have a feeling that’s not the issue. I’m pooling the advice here and spark plugs are the last resort if I can’t figure out anything.
If you were a betting man, would you guess that’s the issue? I’ve filled it with new gas and all that. You don’t think the influx of new, clean fuel is enough to supersede the old gunk in the lines?
U can tell easy enough by the smell of what gas comes out at the cylinder. Bad gas smells kinda like kerosene. Really difficult to diagnose something that isn't in front of u though so I place no bets. Lol. If the lines plugged or injectors not firing the old gas has no way to get out by itself
Yeah I didn't consider spark plugs could be hard to get to. Mine are super easy sitting out in the open. Lol.
Yeah I know I’m putting you in a tough spot to make a call. I appreciate the advice.
Yeah I’m going to guess you don’t have sport fairings on your bike, haha.
Nope. Harley motors real easy to work on. I could have the top half of the motor off in a few hours.

Summary:
U could start by pulling the spark plugs and crank it over.
The gas done went bad in your fuel lines.
Yeah I didn't consider spark plugs could be hard to get to.
Yeah definitely changed out the gas... but I didn’t flush the fuel lines.
Did u change the gas and flush the fuel lines out during your pump rebuild?
