Original Response:
[removed]
Valium is an anti anxiety med. It’s a Benzo, not a painkiller.

Also, guaranteed that doctor tells that story to EVERYONE.

*Edit: This is just another example of the majority not understanding something. Valium is NOT a painkiller.

&gt;Diazepam is used to treat anxiety, alcohol withdrawal, and seizures. It is also used to relieve muscle spasms and to provide sedation before medical procedures. This medication works by calming the brain and nerves. Diazepam belongs to a class of drugs known as benzodiazepines.

https://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-11116/valium-oral/details

The fact that you all love to downvote and argue about things you don’t understand is just pathetic. The internet has ruined intellectual debate and thought by giving every idiot a platform and allowing those idiots to be bolstered by other idiots. The fact that things which are correct are consistently downvoted on Reddit while incorrect info is upvoted, illustrates this more than even the completely idiotic things you can find of Facebook.
its prescribed for pain too. it was the only pain med i got after a major chest surgery.
Also used for pain, just not so common as it is highly addictive...
She said it was a muscle relaxer, which it is.
And it’s not a painkiller...

It can be used as a muscle relaxer, but that’s not the same as a painkiller. The fact that you all argue things you don’t actually understand is infuriating.
Ok, still not a painkiller.

Diazepam is used to treat anxiety, alcohol withdrawal, and seizures. It is also used to relieve muscle spasms and to provide sedation before medical procedures. This medication works by calming the brain and nerves. Diazepam belongs to a class of drugs known as benzodiazepines.

Source: WebMD and just general knowledge

https://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-11116/valium-oral/details

Stop spreading misinformation.
Ok. She also claimed it was a pain med, which it isn’t.
Kinda. I think it was a poorly worded sentence. I didn’t down vote you, by the way.
Agreed. It's more like a mild tranquilliser, so if muscle spasms are causing pain, then yes they will help the muscle relax a little, which would, as a consequence, lessen the pain. But it is not a "painkiller". It's also like a sedative, so you feel more loose.
Agreed we have not used proper terms. However to the average Joe, having back pain and being prescribed valium to relieve this will equate to it being a pain killer as it makes the pain go away. When in reality it is a muscle relaxant which reduces muscular pain.
Reddit is all about entertainment, regardless of the enlightenment that may or may not go on in the background. Your post both enlightened and entertained me, so take your upvote.
I've taken it "for pain" temporarily, as it can have a muscle relaxation effect (or is it affect? I never get the 2 right, I think it's effect, as in side effect). Most benzodiazepines do. But it doesn't kill pain, a joke from a (no longer my) dentist is that you just don't care about the pain. 

I'm a bit surprised it was rx'd for pain, and OP didn't get an explanation from the prescribing doctor or pharmacist. That's kinda scary.
[deleted]
How long you gonna beat this dead horse? "Yes it is". "No it isn't" "Yes it is". "No it isn't". Aaaannnnd repeat....
I have to disagree with your last statement. As you have done, you have corrected others and called them out on their missinformation. By doing so you have helped educate others, taking such a negative tone kinda of really dampens the knowledge you are trying to share by calling those who don't know it idiots. Thanks for sharing the info but you dont have to be such a downer about people getting their facts wrong.
Spironolactone is for blood pressure.

I take it for acne.

Things can be used off label or for slightly different reasons than the original intention of the drug. Chill dawg.
I don’t have any problem with people who simply don’t know things. Those people aren’t idiots in my book. The people I see as idiots are people who argue vehemently about things they don’t know. They purposefully perpetuate a culture of stupidity by passing off incorrect info as if it were correct. That’s what I call idiocy.

I do however acknowledge that I’m an asshole. I’ve dealt with this kind of thing so much on Reddit that my patience for it has completely disappeared and now I always come across as a bitch. I understand this.
Yeah, it fixes the cause of the pain, rather than dulling the pain as an opioid would.
To be fair to the doctor and the pharmacist, it probably wasn’t actually prescribed for pain. In this situation is was almost certainly just prescribed as an anti anxiety med. That is very common for procedures like that. When I had my wisdom teeth out they prescribed me one Valium to take before the IV since I was nervous about that. When the time came for the IV, I was so fucking high that I didn’t even notice them doing it.
Okay, well I hadn't seen anyone arguing vehemently... but also some people might have been taught incorrect information or have trouble recalling information precisely. We so live at a time when people tend to be horribly misinformed and dont check facts or websites for credibility. I understand your frustration but again if you have more knowledge of a subject and you see people who are spreading missinformation or aren't entirely correct you have an amazing opportunity to teach and spread accurate information. Its wonderful you posted sources so those who want can verify the veracity of what you say. 

I appreciate your information, I just feel your negative tone of the situation really rubs me the wrong way even though you have helped teach me something interesting.
I actually posted this first and then went back and edited my post since often on Reddit people don’t read this far down. Also, the person I’m replying to wouldn’t get a notification that the original comment had been edited. So, now you just appear to be a massive prick with you silly assumptions. Yet again proving my point about the masses on Reddit.
That’s because Spironolactone affects hormonal systems. Benzos don’t act like painkillers. Ever. They can be muscle relaxers (like your medicine can be used for acne) which fix the cause of the pain, but that’s not the same as a painkiller.
I’m going to legitimately try to take your advice to heart. I may not be successful in altering my ways, but I will try, because you are right.
Yeah I get that. But it was “killing her pain” with the way it was working so that’s how she described it. It’s a layperson, not a doctor.
Nah. It was necessary. He provided all the info required to prove that it’s not at all a pain medication and then the response was “nope, it’s a painkiller cause I got prescribed it for pain after a surgery”

The only possible response is to just.. say the same required information again, this time making sure that you leave no room for idiocy on part of the reader. You know. Same as that teacher explaining maths to a really dumb child. 

Stop showing off your Eye of Sauron.
what misinformation did i spread? valium is prescribed for major pain after surgeries as an alternative to percocet, and was prescribed to this person for their back pain. what even is the point if you coming here and copy/pasting irrelevant info from web md. what does it matter to the story?
and you know what happens when the muscles are relaxed genius? they dont hurt anymore
As a nurse, this wouldn't bother me at all. Your doctor handled this poorly. Were they a newer doctor?
This would honestly make my day, it would be so funny. Agree the doctor acting all awkward did nothing to reassure the patient.
I was gonna say. Sounds like an immature doctor to me.
Umm... username checks out?
I’m not a doctor, but I’m old enough for prostrate exams. I’m kind of surprised the doctor gave her any privacy at all to strip down.

I mean, you’re about to get a finger up your butt. Are the curtains beforehand really necessary? My doctor just puts on gloves, grabs a thing of lube, looks at me and says “Okay, gotta check the prostrate. Drop the pants.”
The doc was probably trying not to laugh resulting in the awkward bail. They teach you to be professional at all times and it would probably be pretty difficult in that circumstance.
Honestly when doing awkward things I've found just being blunt and either acting normal or addressing the awkwardness at the beginning goes a long way. 

Gotta put a urinary catheter in a guys penis? Tell him sorry this might be a bit weird but is necessary for x reason and dont act weird about me handling his junk while inserting a tube down his urethra. 

Idk as a healthcare worker you are exposed to soooooo much random shit, this situation really shouldn't have phased the md unless as someone stated they were a new md.
Username is relevant to the story.

Also, I'm no doctor but honestly I just assumed she needed a moment to compose herself. Not because of seeing a patients booty hole, but simply because of how misinterpreted the instructions were. Because in less vulnerable situations I tend to laugh at misinterpreted instructions (the husband who literally puts a closed can of carrots in a pot and leaves it on the stove for his wife, etc) and I'd have a hard time not laughing in a professional setting. My last GP would have probably reacted the same way and went and laughed his ass off for a min. Great guy, he left the practice and we're still friends.
Hindsight is 20/20, and we all weren't in the md's shoes so can't know for sure! But we can all speculate and criticize! :p
It’s really for the best. In social situations, if an emotion is shared and shown, it gets reflected and amplified. If someone is mad and you get mad with them, y’all just get madder. If someone is laughing and you laugh with them, y’all can’t stop laughing. If someone is awkward and you reflect that awkwardness, things are gonna get real weird.
Not on the medical field, but this definitely doesn't seem to be professional response at all
username checks out

Summary:
its prescribed for pain too.
It can be used as a muscle relaxer, but that’s not the same as a painkiller.
But it is not a "painkiller".
I take it for acne.
Valium is NOT a painkiller.
That’s what I call idiocy.
Benzos don’t act like painkillers.
It is also used to relieve muscle spasms and to provide sedation before medical procedures.
They can be muscle relaxers (like your medicine can be used for acne) which fix the cause of the pain, but that’s not the same as a painkiller.
It’s a Benzo, not a painkiller.
The fact that you all argue things you don’t actually understand is infuriating.
I didn’t down vote you, by the way.
It’s a layperson, not a doctor.
