Original Response:
I honestly think Mendes is the most underrated fighter ever, and this fight somewhat showed why. Man stepped in on short notice to give Conor the fight of his life. I just wish he didn't have the Overeem thing of dropping for guillotines for no reason. This was Conor's best performance aside from the Eddie fight IMO, it wasn't a one-shot but a sustained striking edge over an elite striker and the ability to get out from underneath an elite grappler.
I lost A LOT of money on this fight. I thought the Mendes opponent mix up would throw Conor off. Boy was I wrong.
I mean he was juiced against mcGregor on a bum knee who was prepared to fight a striker
1. Chad didn't juice.

2. Conor had to change plans, Chad had to get off the couch. *Big* difference.
I hate when people drop for guillotines, unless they’re an Ortega or Oliveira level grappler. It rarely works and often loses people rounds that they otherwise could have won
You don't think he's on juice?
The couch argument is legit but Chad and his team made a big deal about how he’s always in shape so it didn’t matter. Uriah was saying before the fight how Chad performs his best on short training camps. 

Then after the fight all you hear is “fight me on a full camp”. Can’t have it both ways.
I mean that first round went exactly how you expected it if you bet on Mendes (as did I)
What did you want them to say? He was literally hunting a week before.

"Yeah, im in pretty bad shape so if I don't finish him in the 1st im in trouble" 

It's ridiculous to think he could possibly get ready for a 5 round championship fight in a few days.
He definitely juiced.
Nice write up. What is your take on conor khabib?
[deleted]
Exactly, why do you think he trains in Iceland? Easy to know when USADA is flying in.
I feel like the Diaz 2 fight was a harder fight for Conor. Diaz constantly pressured Conor in his own world, where chad was really only dangerous on top and even then I don’t think Conor was ever really in trouble. Diaz had a par fight on the feet, and the advantage if it went to the ground so Conor really had no escape like he did with chad. IMO Diaz was a harder fight physically and mentally.
Conor arguably won the first round.
Dubious argument though. He controlled the ring and got some good body shots but mendez did the better work, cut mcgregor and took him down 3 times. It's a bit of what you prefer but I'd say that was almost certainly a mendez round.
Its the team alpha male signature. Urijah and Joe B. have tons of subs by guillotine in particular.
The guillotine is one of the most deceptively technical subs there is in my opinion, they are incredibly nuanced and take real finesse to execute, the problem with their use in MMA is that they look simple and many MMA fighters get away with brute forcing them in the gym (making it into a crank instead of a choke), thus thinking they have a good guillotine when in fact their opponent could sit there all day with no threat of going unconscious.
Vast majority of the round was standing and Conor was winning the striking exchanges.

The first round is a lot closer than people pretend. It was the second round Conor gpt auled in. Until he suddenly won.
I think in this fight Mendes said he was getting pretty gassed (especially from those early body shots) and realised he needed to go for a finish.
[deleted]
Having just rewatched it, I don't think he was winning the striking exchanges. He's got a good poker face and did a decent job pretending that getting hit frequently wasn't hurting him, but it was. Mendez did a very good job on the feet and mcgregor could honestly have been knocked out on a different day. 

I don't really have a horse in this race and I'm not trying to put my thumb on the scale: from what I jus watched, mendez won the first round by most reasonable measures.
I completely disagree with your assessment. But fair enough.

Either way, it was the second where conor just got mauled though. People act like the first round was the same as the first part of the second.
“Chad can you fight conor?”

“Yes i do but im not fit enough to fight a full 5 rounds” 

= no fight

“Chad can you fight conor?

“Yes i am fit”

= 500 thousand dollars minimum
Sorry I was told TAM stays training? So either he didn’t exactly roll off his coach or TAM was feeding bullshit in the lead up to this fight as well as separate interviews by Urijah
bruh tell me about it. I've faded Conor against Poirier, Mendes and Eddie. Now im cheering for him over Khalibi so maybe i'll just put a bet on Khabi next week. If Conor upsets, im happy with my loss
I'll be coming out with a pretty long piece on the event, but the short version is that I'd ultimately cap McGregor at somewhere around -200. Khabib needs to pressure to win because his open-space shot is pretty bad unlike Mendes', he's really only effective wrestling against the fence, but his pressure isn't refined enough to give Conor issues IMO. Conor dictates the distance of the fight, drops back at will if Khabib shoots, and tags him up IMO (Khabib is defensively pretty liable; while he wasn't hurt, Johnson was able to tag him with a southpaw straight pretty easily through the first part of their fight, and while Johnson is faster than Conor, Conor is way more composed).
Yep. There aren't too many people I'd trust to pull a guillotine if they have literally any other option. There's Werdum, Maia, Jacare, Oliveira, Ortega, and Pedro Munhoz. And anyone fighting Scoggins. 

Certainly not Reem, who hasn't gotten a guillotine since PRIDE, or MJ on Khabib. It irks me, especially when it's from fighters I really like (like Reem and MJ, and Chad).
Yeah, I agree on all there. I won't even wink once watching this fight
&gt; their opponent could sit there all day with no threat of going unconscious.

but their training partners tap, because its a neck crank.
[deleted]
Every stoppage in comparison to the Dolloway one is early. That was borderline criminal.
Mendes dropped for the guillotine not because he had no reason but because HE WAS FUCKEN GASSSED, he knew he couldn't keep fighting into the next or later round. So when he saw a small opportunity to end the fight he  went for it. You could see when he got back up he was already done. It wasn't like  that guillotine attempt took some tremendous amount of energy, he was already gassed by then, he knew it and connor knew it.
It was easily his worst performance in my opinion.
What did he pop for again?
He went for it because he knew he didn't have the gas tank to carry him in further rounds. It was his hail mary. Mendes admits to this in a later interview.
Huh, I didn't know Joe Biden fought with alpha male.
Yeah i tought/think it was early, but he probably would have finished anyway. Chad  was definitely still defending himself. I think the kick to the body before the punches is actually what made chad start to drop.
In that case, everybody's on steroids.
I look forward to your write up!
i mean, Chad literally got caught. Blamed it on psoriasis cream lol.
I don't think so. Chad was covering up and not moving away or attempting to slip out. The ref had no choice but to stop it.
He got caught for GHRP-6, which is a peptide, not a steroid. Peptides are mostly used for recovery, and Chad likely used them because he'd suffered back-to-back knockout losses.
Diaz 1 fight was even harder for Conor xD
-Cecil Peoples
Its a lot closer then people give it credit for.

I think Chad won it, but I can definitely see a case for Conor.
First was close but I'd give it to Chad. McGregor was doing a lot of important body work but Chad caught him with a few big shots and got takedowns.

Conor was on the way to losing both rounds but all those body shots and wrestling took their toll on Chad's gas tank
Were you lucky with UFC 196 atleast?
I agree with all points. There's a high likelihood this is going to happen in my opinion. Unless Khabib refined his apporach from the ground up (no pun intended) in the last month(s).
Don't forget about the walking guillotine master Cody McKenzie
Wink?
nope. I'm a Diaz hater and I figured Nate would get Josh Thomson'd.
how much money have you lost overall
wink/blink
Was gonna say the same. Conor was not disciplined at all in this fight and made a lot of stupid mistakes and was punished for it in most of the first round. He also wasn't moving very well because of his bum knee at the time and was taking a lot of necessary shots to the face because of it.
I didn't realize SBG Ireland was in Iceland.

For real though, Conor only trains at Mjölnir part of the time. I don't think that is evidence of him juicing. Even if he was there full time...so is Gunny, are you telling me he is on the juice too?
\*\*especially from not having a camp
a peptide that promotes the pituitary gland to release human growth hormone. at least we can tell by chad's height that he hasn't been using this for too long.
Your lame insult and Google knowledge doesn't change the fact that Chad was never caught juicing, and assuming he was is nothing more than broscience.
couple houses
he was caught juicing.
Where'd you think they got the name from? Joey Biden is as alpha as they come.
"Juicing" is using roids, which Chad wasn't caught for.

Summary:
I don't think that is evidence of him juicing.
You don't think he's on juice?
Conor arguably won the first round.
i mean, Chad literally got caught.
What is your take on conor khabib?
"Juicing" is using roids, which Chad wasn't caught for.
Yeah, I agree on all there.
The first round is a lot closer than people pretend.
I think Chad won it, but I can definitely see a case for Conor.
Diaz 1 fight was even harder for Conor xD.
First was close but I'd give it to Chad.
I lost A LOT of money on this fight.
Conor had to change plans, Chad had to get off the couch.
