Original Response:
And my soul is crushed. How could i not see this? How could i be so stupid to believe the late nights and work trips and every strange thing he did i passed it off as my being paranoid and possesive. I thought we were so happy because we had no restrictions. No snooping through phones. 

My whole entire family was fooled. Holidays. Birthdays. He met my father. He talked about our future his future. We had fucking plans. 

How do you do that? How do you live a double life for two and a half years. How did she not notice? How could he ruin so many peoples lives 

Most of all why do i hate him but still love him. I know he is not him. Not the man i loved. That man was made up. A lie, all of it fake. But that fake person was everything i wanted. I told him how lucky i felt every day. Every day for 2.5 years. 

Id never loved anybody every day for so long more each day. It was like i was finally happy. And it wasnt even real? Like a movie you watch where you fall in love with the character and then the movie ends and you just have to figure out how to feel real emotions again. 

Holy freaking crap you guys. 2.5 years. I put every peice together. I know where he was now on certain nights. I was the other woman. And this poor girl is married to this horrible person. This poor girl.

Edit: the wife knows. He was in the navy and she also told his chief so theres probably going to be some funnstuff for him there. 

But most of all thanknyou all for everything youve said. I came here because i needed to get my feelings out and i didnt expect so many people to have similar stories. How can SO MANY people do this?
But... according to your comment history, you were single one year ago?
How did you came up with that ?
She talks about how she is single and raising her kid/kids all on her own at least twice in her comment history, both dated 1 year ago. Just weird to find contradicting things like this.
Maybe all this happened a year ago.
Can't believe I took the time to do this...but I don't see that in her history? I see her mentioning an SO a year ago though.
She probably meant single as in not married.
Can you post a link? I'm too lazy to dig through her history
You can be a single parent and have a bf/gf. A year ago they might not have been involved in the child's life or living together. 

I considered myself a single parent until my OH moved in because up until then he didn't parent, I did.
Ive been a single mom for 3 years. He is not the father of my child. So if it was anything related to parenting thats why. My ex was there but in the end i was on my own to raise my son.
That’s called “not married”. Single means you’re not in a relationship..
It's a common usage of the word whether or not you like it tbh
Really? I’ve never heard someone use it for that. I’d just instantly assume you meant that you weren’t in a relationship.
Not really, no.
On formal applications, like at the dentist or DMV, it says: Single, Married, Divorced, Widowed. In the formal sense, Single strictly means not Married, but a Single person can be in a relationship. I'm sure you've heard and seen this before.
You can absolutely be a single mom and have a bf... a boyfriend doesn’t necessarily live with you and pay rent, or pay for childcare or food or help raise a small child. “Single mom” means you’re a one-parent family... not that you don’t date.
In casual conversations it does mean this, however the IRS doesn’t give a fuck if you have a lady you’re dating.
No it isnt.
Just want to add, having been the cheater in the past (I've since done a lot of therapy and work on myself) you are attracted to horrible people. From your comment history you were abandoned by your baby's father? Anyway, as a former horrible person, I would look for girls like you. I know I'm being blunt and insensitive but the next part is important.

The best way to avoid making the same mistake in your future relationships is to figure out why exactly you are attracted to shit people and working on that. And the best way to do that, in my experience anyway, is through therapy (I can tell you right now, it almost always is because of abuse or abandonment as a child, just like I was, but I hurt women instead of get hurt[not physically tho]). 

After all, there are two things that your exes have in common: 1. They are shit. 2. You loved them.
I have a feeling you will get downvoted, but this is exactly right.  It was a constant refrain on a call-in radio show I used to listen to -- if you are repeatedly attracted to bad people, start being more suspicious of your own attractions.  We often have subconscious weaknesses that are very hard to even notice, let alone break.
Sounds like Loveline, I can just hear Drew's voice going "Your picker is broken"
It was indeed!  I didn't use the name because I find that people who aren't familiar with it think the name sounds dumb, and people who are only familiar with Dr. Drew from his TV work don't know how incredibly insightful he was on Loveline.
All episodes from 95 to 05 were uploaded to youtube under username Poppler1. I went through and listened to all the DAG episodes, still gold
i disagree. that is not common at all. if you are in a relationship and you refer to yourself as single you're looking to cheat. probably like the man in her story

Summary:
I know he is not him.
How do you do that?
Single means you’re not in a relationship..
How can SO MANY people do this?
How could i not see this?
Every day for 2.5 years.
How did she not notice?
How did you came up with that ?
I was the other woman.
