Original Response:
Super weird to see Chael covering a UFC event live.  Makes me wonder if Dana tried to sneak a “no Chael plz” clause into the ESPN deal
Chael is so good for the sport tho, hes gonna be around long after hes done fighting.
Dana has no problem with Chael as far as I know. He’s not going out there shilling for Bellator or anything.
Dana and Chael get along fine. Chael got fired by Fox not the UFC for his cheating. Chael also told Dana he is going to Bellator and Dana was fine with it.
It's kinda funny that Dana made the deal with ESPN right when Ariel did. And even though Ariel is the flagship of its mma section, they will never get an interview together lol
He’s my favorite honestly.  Very entertaining and unapologetic.
I would figure he’d take issue with his organization being covered by a fighter from Bellator during UFC-specific air time.  But hey, Dana isn’t in the driver’s seat when it comes to ESPN MMA coverage so I’m sure we’ll get more stuff like this
Also Dana says he went to his first Bellator event just to see Tito vs Chael.
I saw the fight week interviews espn did with Dana and it was with some other dude.

Was sorta expecting Ariel or even Okamoto, but nah
Lorenzo was the man that axed Ariel both times. Dana was just the messenger.
could you imagine
Chael has never given Dana a reason to. He's never actively tried to slant the UFC ever. He went to bellator sure, but Dana can understand that.
Same, to me he is one of the best voices for mma right now and I want him to be a part of it for many years to come.
I like his occasional hokey “I don’t understand anything besides country music and wrestling” persona.
No... Come on. I can't imagine Dana has a problem with Chael. Any source on this?

They were so tight in Dana's old vlogs... 


I have to believe Dana isn't that big of a piece of shit over someone earning elsewhere.

Plus Chael has like 40 different things going on that promote UFC fights(podcast, video logs, talk shows).
ESPN is giving them $300 mil a year for their rights. I doubt Dana gives a fuck.
I’m not talking about a personal problem, I’m talking about him being a sound byte machine under contract with Bellator.  Sure, he can’t promote his fights, but he can promote himself and draw attention
What, in mma journalism? No! Sell!
What did he axe him?
Dana loves it if you act like he's the godfather and ask his blessing etc

Chael and Rich Franklin both did it I think

Summary:
I can't imagine Dana has a problem with Chael.
He went to bellator sure, but Dana can understand that.
Dana has no problem with Chael as far as I know.
Dana and Chael get along fine.
