Original Response:
Looking at some of the older threads asking this exact question  has people listing off mods that (with a casual search through some of the big e-stores) aren't readily available without going to sites that normally sell products (straight) from china.  I don't know about you, but a potential rip-off product for something that i will be inhaling off of, and keeping a (potentially) explosive battery inside of is not my idea of a great time.

_____

What are my requirements?  
1. Uses 18650s, or comes with an adapter for them.  
2. Regulated.  I am not comfortable with using unregulated at this point in time.  
3. Available from a reputable e-shop (i may PM you for what site you're using)  
4. $300 (USD) is my absolute limit, i would prefer $150-$200 or under though.  This would be for the kit, or both the mod and the RDA, not just the mod.  
5. Must come with its own bottle, or the bottle must be included with the price tag.  
6. [~~Must be pretty.~~](https://youtu.be/MHXF3XeWqhA?t=13s)  
7. If you recommend a separate mod and RDA, please link an RDA that either comes pre-installed with a squonk pin, or comes with one in the box that is easy to switch out to.  Although i would assume the RDA would come with it in the box, there is probably one RDA out there that you have to buy the pin separate.

_____

What do i prefer for you to include?  
1. A(n exact) price tag.  Although i would know it is $300 or less from you replying, it's nice to know generally what I'd be looking at spending just by scrolling through the comments.  
2. The reason why you recommend these over everything else.  
3. The KISS principal, Keep It Simple (for) Stupid!  
4. Would prefer a 2 battery mod, but a 1 battery mod is totally acceptable.


Other than that, if you agree/disagree with someone else, please reply to their comment with why you agree or why you disagree.  I know some people dislike one brand or another for various reasons, but if you just upvote/downvote and leave, i cant tell if its a big circlejerk of "i saw X company's name, f- that company!" or if its "i agree with everything this person said."

I don't reply to every comment (because i just don't have that much to say), but i am reading them, and am very thankful that you guys are trying to help me out.
There’s no reason to buy a mod that expensive with what you’re looking for. The rage is an awesome mod if you want dual battery (more battery life). If you do want to go cheaper you can get the GBOX 200w.
After reading through the comments, and doing a little bit of poking around for reviews, i'm leaning towards the gbox or the rage.

Do you have an opinion on if one is better than the other?
I personally don’t as I don’t have the money to get another mod right now. However I do believe those are both on the /u/anthony_vapes list (don’t shoot me if I’m wrong though). One of the bigger things for squonking is the RDA. I’m assuming since you’re squonking you’re aiming for a more flavor oriented experience right?
Yup, flavor and the ease of use that squonking provides over trying to drip every couple hits.

Don't shoot me, but i may or may not have completely missed his list.  They are both on there, with both pros and cons.  I'll be taking a look at that more closely later on tonight.
It’s okay, we agree to not shoot each other at least. With flavor you may want to check out the recurve. It’s a nice cheap RDA (that’s how I vape, cheap. No reason to spend a lot of money on stuff that you can buy for cheaper with the same experience.) If you’re gonna get into coil building id suggest getting a coilmaster mini kit and some wire from advanced vape supply (super awesome wire). Then get some Puffs from amazon, yes, the cotton pads. Personally I use rayon, but most people don’t like that. So I’d suggest puffs. If you have any other questions feel free to ask
Yeah, after i get the mod settled, i'm going to start looking into different tanks, their reviews, ect. ect.

I have some cotton right now, but i'm probably going to get a little more when i order, as well as some other stuff.  When i start running low on the cotton, ill try to use the pads.  For 4 bucks on amazon, whats the worst that could happen? If its bad, ill boil and rinse them a couple times to see if the "old wives tale" (is vaping even old enough to have old wives tales yet?) is true.
https://www.amazon .com/ORGANIC-Cotton-Makeup-Puff-Medium/dp/B000TCD51A 

https://www.amazon .com/Graham-Professional-Cellucotton-Beauty-Rayon/dp/B00PBGJT5A

These are what I personally use. As for RDAs, I’ve used the recurve, bonza and the hadaly clone I own and a few other non note worthy ones. The recurve and the hadaly (Clone) are absolutely killer for flavor, however I have heard if you’re going to be swiomking that you should use the entheon with the hadeon cap instead of the hadaly as it’s better for squonking. You can easily get a cheap sxk entheon clone and buy an authentic hadeon cap for an experience. Or if you want an authentic RDA the recurve is absolutely killer. I’ve also heard amazing things about the Drop RDA
&gt; B000TCD51A

Those pads will last for probably 2 years. Had my bag about 10 months now, not even halfway through. Pure, no need to boil or treat in any way besides maybe pulling off the skin.
I love them, I just love my cellucotton more
Go with Rage i owned both, Rage is much better in every aspect.

Summary:
I love them, I just love my cellucotton more.
I personally don’t as I don’t have the money to get another mod right now.
One of the bigger things for squonking is the RDA.
Personally I use rayon, but most people don’t like that.
If you do want to go cheaper you can get the GBOX 200w.
There’s no reason to buy a mod that expensive with what you’re looking for.
I have some cotton right now, but i'm probably going to get a little more when i order, as well as some other stuff.
