Original Response:
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.

Now being posted at 10pm eastern!

https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74
What's up folks? 

Busy night gave way to a slow burn at this point.

Yankees now hold the single season home run record, that was a pretty rad turn of events.

Whatcha vaping on tonight?
second!  doing well buddy,  you?

btw,  how many home runs do they have this year?
Happy 1st!  


Just found some Adirondack Fuji that I had forgotten about so filled up the Squonkdroid with that, it's still good!
[CONGRATS ON THE FIRST YO!!!](https://giphy.com/gifs/cA7BlAs1Kee64) 

Nilla nade for me. What about you?
Actually vaping my 28mm Sherman RDA on my Kennedy Roundhouse 270, which is a 25mm tube. Looks a bit like a WW2 Axis hand grenade. It vapes fucking great though.
Sounds ridiculous, but I did throw the zathog on top of my praxis just to see the 30mm atty on a 22mm tube.
BEWD, squonking my night away.
266 with a game left to play I believe.

Doing okay. Getting the death by 1 million paper cuts treatment at work right now.
266 damn.... i thought when the white sox won it all in 2005,  they had 199 or 200 (which led the league that year i believe) despite the running trope that they were playing "small ball"/ozzie ball etc...  266 is insane!!!
Always rad to find something awesome in the back of the stash.
oh,  and sorry about the death by a million paper cuts,  i think i know what you mean,  and that sucks! :(
I figure my 0.08 build on a Sanyo 20700A is giving it enough power, even if it looks a bit dumb.
You can still play "ABC" ball and hit dingers
So long as it's working, awesome
If ECR has a band it’s first album would be called that and the bands name would be BEWD.
"oh, one more thing." Over and over again. Getting old quick.
Ha! Alright, who's in?
I’m down!
yeah,  you can obviously... but the media covering them at the time were all about writing about the "small ball" tactics and Scott Podsednik as leadoff and leading league in steals so small ball etc.... and Frank Thomas was on IR most of that season,  ...but the real story was that they kinda actually won by HR's,  ... (not that getting guys advanced and on base are mutually exclusive to the run totals on that...)  but they basically won more with slugging then what the trope on them was..  hell,  they had the best post season of any team in modern history,  completely marched through the playoffs,  sweeping the reigning red sox,  losing ONE game to the angels,  and then sweeping the WS.   and since no one cares about them,  and despite the fact they had a LONGER losing drought then the Red Sox etc before that,  they didn't even warrant a Sports Illustrated cover,  so we were a little butt hurt as fans,  but "get it" as there are less White Sox fans then any other team in the league lol.... wasn't selling copy you know?
&gt; Getting old quick.

happens to the best of us buddy right? :)
Yeah. SI has done a pretty good job of predictive stories on stuff though, did your guys get one of those "sneaky good" tags prior?
&gt; did your guys get one of those "sneaky good" tags prior?

actually NO!  the national media,  despite the fact they led the league wire to wire,  completely ignored them.  SI actually apologized later,  as did ESPN and Dan Patrick etc,  as they said they just missed the boat on that and weren't paying attention.... as obviously their metrics are not based on team with such a small fan base...   they just assumed they would choke down the line,  and didn't.  Now the metrics show they had one of the best teams of the century and post seasons of all time.  And,  adding to the butthurt on it etc,  is that EVEN TO THIS DAY,  Espn will talk about droughts in Chicago baseball history (the last 2 years in fact re: the Cubs) completely FORGETTING the fact the WSox won it ALL in 2005.... it's a running joke,... they leave it off the graphic every damn time.... it's like it never happened lol....

i WAS THERE!  it's like the moon landing was a hoax or something kinda shit...
Haha. That's kinda funny though in the end. Glad your guys got one.
it is funny.  i remember watching the last game (was played in houston),  at my bar Stanley's in chicago with an actor friend of mine named Mike Starr,  and John Cusack (who knows the sox story well as he played one of them in a damn movie), and my accountant... and it was the instruction of the owner of the bar to leave ME the fuck alone while i was watching the game and they closed the downstairs for just me and those guys so we could watch it...  but it was a big deal to us "little brother" sox fans as by far the "second" team in the city to break that drought first... and of course there were more people in Chicago at the "parade" then actually WATCHED it according to Neilson ratings (but hey,  chicago loves a reason to party...)....

and i still rewatch some of those games... fucking Jose Contreras bases loaded,  facing Jonny Damon,  Manny,  and Big Poppy coming to bat.... ozzie walked to the mound and told him to concede a run but not let a homer etc... Jose Contreras told him,  "fuck you,  i'm getting ALL these guys"  and struck them all out.... 4 complete games by the staff in a row,  hell,  Mark Buehrle I think is the only pitcher in WS history to record not only a "W",  but a SAVE in a next game (went to like 15 innings or something ridiculous)... 

it was just a fun ride... and sorry to type too much about it,   but hey,  i loved it,  and it was historical... but that's yesterdays news... enjoy the Yanks NOW! :)
Nah, that's awesome. Indulge your baseball geekiness. It's some fun shit to hear someone else be enthusiastic about stuff like this.
thanks for indulging me buddy...   yeah,  halcyon memories of 2005 lol....  I was actually on tour that whole summer,  and it was the first year the the MLB League Pass or whatever was actually good,  so I would be in Belgium or Kyoto or New Zealand, Berlin,  NYC or damn Portugal and whatnot etc... (we played 27 countries I wanna say that summer?),  didn't miss a damn game.... and even if it was on at like 4am or 6am or whatever.... so at least I had a dog in the fight and felt like I earned it,  as I watched em all! :)
Excellent! 

I can't tell you how many games my co-workers have been strong armed into listening to this year, and for sox or Orioles fans having to sit through 3 hours of Sterling is damn near torture.
lol,  i can only imagine... it's like me having to suffer through Cubs games with their fans.... no thank you! :)... my vitriol on them has let up a bit since I moved,  but I used to where 2 kinds of t-shirts every day... a white sox t-shirt,  or an ANTI cubs one (living in the shadow of Wrigley,  you know me,  I was just looking for a fight...haha....)...
I kinda want to get [this shirt](https://teespring.com/cc-that-s-for-you-tee#pid=2&amp;cid=2122&amp;sid=front) after the way that series in Tampa ended.
lol,  NOT me! :)
I'm going to take that as a "maybe".
fair enough!  (at least I will offer to master said album....)
of course!  gotta have some fun in your life right?
I can't see when I'll ever get to actually wear it, but I really dig it.
fuck it,  you owe it to yourself,  and i would just wear it all the time until someone "got it" and then more...
Were I living in St. Pete I'd probably see about getting 2 or 3 of 'em.
send a few to our buddy eyemake... :)

Summary:
&gt; did your guys get one of those "sneaky good" tags prior?
266 with a game left to play I believe.
Glad your guys got one.
lol,  i can only imagine... it's like me having to suffer through Cubs games with their fans.... no thank you!
Now the metrics show they had one of the best teams of the century and post seasons of all time.
happens to the best of us buddy right?
That's kinda funny though in the end.
btw,  how many home runs do they have this year?
