Original Response:
The bra isn’t an issue in this story. She was given the option on an under shirt or a bra and she refused.  At the end up the day, I don’t want to see another woman’s nipples.
Then don't look?

If you find yourself unable to avert your eyes then maybe you should consider why that is.
She got nice titties?
You cool with male nipples?
You're just as bad as the people who don't want to see breastfeeding.
[deleted]
The difference is that one is backed by pounds of glands and fat, the other typically lie much flatter.
So the nipples aren't the issue, just what they are on?

Odd
A bike and a motorcycle both have tires. They should be subject to the same regulations based on the one criteria I've chosen. 

One has a motor? One is physically larger and capable of much greater speeds? IRRELEVANT! They both have tires.
So you're saying overweight men or men with large pecs don't show nipple?
"typically"


then you Cathy Newman me with a, 

"so you're saying that all"...


If a man had such large tits that it resembled some B-cup girl then, as a manager, I'd ask that he at least wear an undershirt.
Relevant: https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/149589104168939520?lang=en
This is a McDonalds the woman was employed at, they are probably backed by roughly the same amount of fat.
Nope I don’t want to see male nipples either
That wasn't the issue, the issue in the above comment was nipples visible through a shirt. And the other issue is that while women are told to make nipples not visible men are not because men's nipples are not sexualised by society. Women are legally allowed to go topless in public, they are legally allowed to breastfeed anywhere, but the manager was afraid that if drunk clients saw nipples through a shirt the client would behave inappropriately. Why should an employee have to wear a garment under their uniform in order to convince clients to behave in an appropriate manner?
"women are legally allowed to go topless in public" sounds like the "legally, we are free men" argument. How many women on your day-to-day walk around topless? I haven't seen any. Not one.  

Also, something something private businesses. We tend to use this argument whenever it fits us, however, it works in this example.
Why? Get over it.
You are being obtuse on purpose.
Funny thing about legality, you can't just pick and choose when to apply it. The only way such a dress code would be legal (and in this case it seems from the article that there wasn't a written down dress code in place) is if all employees (male and female) were required to wear either a bra or undershirt as a necessary part of their job. Nipples get erect for all kinds of involuntary reasons. Preventing drunk patrons from behaving inappropriately (which was the reason given) does not seem to me a necessary function of a uniform. 
Edit: a word
what if it's hairy?
I'm not the one driven to distraction by a simple nipple
Neither am I. But I can still read a comment and understand someone else's logic. I think you actually understand the commenters point, hence you are being purposely obtuse.
that's the point. They don't want all their co-workers and customers spending the entire day being averting their eyes.
&gt; someone else's logic

Their logic is flawed
Yeah, nipples are scary and so offensive. /s

How insecure does someone have to be to be worried about seeing bumps on a shirt?
There was a  crazy / intoxicated woman walking down the #1 highway eastbound in Vancouver a couple weeks ago topless.  It caused a huge traffic backup until they got her off the road!  So there was her....
Don't look at their chests?
I’m okay with this. Make it a blanket rule. Really when working with potential of get your work shirt dirty from some idiot who thinks it funny to throw something at you. I recommended that all servers/ bar staff wear something underneath so that they can switch shirts in the middle of a shift if they need to.
so it'd be cool if she had like A cups? Or was a fat guy?
you know you can put on a new shirt without having an undershirt on first right? You just take off the old shirt, and put on the new one; Wild 'eh?
Extremely.
I don't think that's a reasonable worry to have. Do you really think so lowly of any of your coworkers that they would need to spend their entire day working on not looking at someone's boobs?
So where are you suggesting fat dudes need to cover up? Oh that's right you aren't.
Yes I am. There use to be a time when boys and men were expected to wear undershirts. So as a business just expect everyone on staff management included wear some sort of undershirt. This would maintain equality for both genders, would not isolate transgender individuals, and would create one rule that everyone must follow.

Summary:
So the nipples aren't the issue, just what they are on?
I don't think that's a reasonable worry to have.
You cool with male nipples?
Nope I don’t want to see male nipples either.
That wasn't the issue, the issue in the above comment was nipples visible through a shirt.
Don't look at their chests?
They don't want all their co-workers and customers spending the entire day being averting their eyes.
