Original Response:
And he's so sure he's in the right that he uploaded the video to show the world "what a bitch she is". Terrible.

I'm most sad about the kid sitting next to her who had to witness some complete shitface of a motorcyclist go off at his mom like that.
Actually, video description states its not OPs video and proceeds to basically snitch on the rider. The title definitely threw me for a loop though

Edit: who's the loser that downvoted me for trying to help?
Yeha, not sure Eraesr understands that, but the original person *did* upload this, probably thinking he was in the right and he'd be supported. OP then saved it because he knew it'd get deleted after the obvious shitstorm, and reposted it.
Snitch.  LOL
[removed]
I don't know who downvoted you but we should smash their computer screens.
[removed]
I will never, ever in my life understand what compels these morons to upload videos of themselves doing 100+ on public roads.  Every other part of this discussion aside, you have to be either monumentally stupid or an unhinged narcissist or both to think that's a good idea. 

I do my share of things I probably shouldn't on the road, but being a confrontational asshole like this after blatantly passing on double yellows just reflects poorly on all of us.  And to a mother with her child in the car to boot.

Fuck riders like this.
ChaseingRedLine - Is the youtube page it originated from. That person has taken the video down, but thanks to these people, we get to continue ridiculing his horrible behavior. He's probably here, lurking among us in embarrassment.
People like that don't get embarrassed because they always think they're better than anyone else.
Pshh, more like ChasingJailTime, amirite?
&gt;Chaseing

lol
Or you have to be in Germany 😉
You're getting downvoted, but you don't have to be monumentally stupid or any sort of narcissist to post gopro footage of doing 100+mph on the autobahn.
It's fairly normal to do 100mph here, yeah. Unless you're in a semi. THEN I'd call you a lunatic :D
Wheres a yellow Porsche when you need one?
that yellow porsche didn't deserve it :(
Street Rossi deserved the reality check tho
Can you link this video? I missed it.
Google yammie noob porsche
I'll always upvote a yellow Porsche reference. Street Rossis everywhere, beware! A yellow Porsche will come for ya!
Agreed on both counts. Poor Porsche though :(
I don't follow him at all. Did it work?
well apparently he doesnt have the wrist movements needed to ride yet, so who knows.
If you don't learn a lesson after hitting a fence post on a road with no turns, I really doubt any other accident will.
Ouch.
That takes talent. Had no idea he managed to pull that off. At least when I hit a fence post it was because the road had decided to go the other way and I decided to stare at a fence post...
Comment of the thread right here!  XD
Stupid sexy signpost.
Yellow boulder*
So I just watched the yellow Porsche video...

The porsche hit a motorcyclist? Or was it a fence post? There's some forum saying that he hit a rider who crossed the yellow line. Or is it he hit a fence post because he was avoiding a rider who crossed the line, I can't tell.
Not sure if serious or not.
*deserved* a severe head on collision for riding like a bell end?

come on man

needed a reality check maybe but he did nothing to deserve that shit.
that's a nice boulder
The first time I've ever seen sympathy for yammie
I'm serious. Like I see the guy flying through the air and it seems impossible for him to be coming from the car. But the front end damage doesn't seem like a bike would do that head on.
So the guy who crashed is a YouTuber named YammiNoob. The guy became a living meme for his street rossi schtick and the fact that he wrecked not one, but two Daytona 675Rs, along with starting some shit with other motovloggers on Youtube.

The wreck that birthed the Yellow Porsche thing went like this. The Yam and his buddies were out for a spirited ride. Yam made the shit-tier decision to cut the blind corner and cross on a double yellow line. He happened to meet the Porsche in the turn at a rather high rate of speed head on. Keep in mind the car is also going the other direction so in total there was a ton of force in the wreck.

The Porsche's crumple zones did their job and kept the driver relatively safe. Yammi however was launched into the sky like a god damned rocket ship. Went down really hard. He lost a lot of function in his arm, along with a bunch of other shit that comes with wrecking a car head on on a motorcycle. Pretty sure he hasn't been on a bike since, and has gone to mostly doing list videos again.

That said though the whole thing spawned the yellow Porsche meme that is essentially a play at people doing dumb shit on their bikes like crossing a double yellow like the rider in OPs video. Hope that helps.
Ah ok I gotcha. Thank you very much for that. I kinda casually pop in here from time to time so I guess i missed it.
He put himself in a position to get super hurt and it happened. If he didn't deserve the consequences of his actions then I dont really know what to call it. The driver of that Porsche, on the other hand...
I laughed very loudly and woke everyone up. Thanks.

Summary:
that yellow porsche didn't deserve it :(
The porsche hit a motorcyclist?
So I just watched the yellow Porsche video...
The wreck that birthed the Yellow Porsche thing went like this.
I don't follow him at all.
Or was it a fence post?
Wheres a yellow Porsche when you need one?
The driver of that Porsche, on the other hand...
