Original Response:
Talk about your day. Anything goes, but subreddit rules still apply. Please be polite to each other!
Time to add on to the pile of relationship questions r/Singapore has cause why not

I'm currently dating someone who's scared that one day I'll suddenly feel she's not worth my effort cause she's stupid or slow and I'll go find another girl that's smarter than her. She's so afraid that she would rather pre-emptively leave so it's on her terms (I had to talk her down from it once or twice in the past month or so).

I don't have a dating history of cheating, I don't have a history of dating smart girls nor do I have a history of dumping people when I think they're dumb as bricks cause face it, we all do dumb shit all the time.

I've been constantly telling her that it's okay to be stupid around me, that she doesn't have to turn into Einstein in order to appease me? Sure at times if she says something absolutely bizarre I'd ask "what in the fuck was that lmao" but like, even I ask myself that when I do something dumb.

I really do appreciate and love this girl but I don't know what else I can really do to show that I love everything about her even if she says something absolutely dumb at times?

Okay second question for those who don't wanna care about the above question:

why the fuck can't I just have granola bars for lunch
Hug her every time she brings the topic up?
Seems like she has self esteem issues. Assure her that you like her just the way she is and maybe don't sound so surprised at the absolutely bizarre things she do so she'll be more comfortable doing her stuff.
Fingers on her lips to stop her from finishing her speech then says it's all fine now. Remember to add "shhhhh shhhhh"

Or just continue assuring, people like to be assured. Everyday I ask my wife if she loves me.
&gt;Sure at times if she says something absolutely bizarre I'd ask "what in the fuck was that lmao" but like, even I ask myself that when I do something dumb.

Yeah maybe stop saying that to her. Maybe you think it's okay to say it to yourself but she's not you...

Also: to your second qns wtf dude stupid ah granola bars are snacks not lunch right what are you thinking
Let her know that its normal for people to ask stupid questions. Its normal for people to be stupid. Theres probably someone who’s dumber than her (that’s me). Then try to find out what makes her think or feel that way. Was it your reaction? Her certification or something? Then work on it. If you think you’re not good enough at something, then go improve. Reading articles will help. Tell her youre not going to leave her just because she thinks she dumb. 

&amp;#x200B;

For the second question: same. When I eat snacks for lunch people think im being anorexic and extra. Im just too lazy to eat sometimes ok. Is that so hard to understand.
&gt; why the fuck can't I just have granola bars for lunch

Who da fook told you that. Eat whatever you want man, moderately. #yolo
Can I ask whats the difference in education level? Or is it the same?
It's the same education level, she fared worse than I did but we still both completed our relevant certifications
I guess you just gotta be by her side and guide her along. need plenty of patience though
In my experience I find it extremely annoying people do this(those that keep feeling their below others and keep putting themselves down)I feel like their whole personalities revolves around this and they can't ever have a conversation without bringing up this.


Hopefully shes not like that.Cos if she is not much you can do man.
Please communicate with her more often.

It helps to do little things to reassure her, like hugging her whenever you meet, smiling at her when you see her, surprising her with loving gifts.
[deleted]
I hate gymming afterwork cause it's always crowded af
I'm going to gymmboxx so it ain't that bad
Any chiobu at yr gym?
Ok I am bringing forward our meetup to see how you look like from gymming.
Walking into an ActiveSG gym and finding it nearly empty is up there at my top 5 pleasures in life.
wait we meeting up meh???
maybe next time but i didnt have plans to meet you yet.
Got a lot but not my type 🙃
Ikr, nowadays, even my morning session is getting more and more crowded. Really need to find a new gym soon.
its ironic that people spend more time being inactive at activeSG
I think you went into another dimension.
How about I treat you to good food after my internship end la? haha
Unless your rest between sets is 30sec to 1 min or you're jogging,  chances are you'll probably spend more time being inactive / rest than active...
Jan right? Ok ah i also got more money to spend by then. 

I paiseh let you treat leh, what if it is very expensive. 

Peasant don't eat ex food de leh.
was just trying to tell a witty joke 🙃
\#GuiDaQiang
My bad, just finish work brain not functioning properly. My sense of humour also cmi.
What's your type?
The weird type
I was given a Job offer in Singapore and I want to calculate the expense of an expat living in Sg. If I aim to spend 2k at max per month, could I live comfortably? (like eating out in a restaurant some times, having a budget for entertainment and so on).

&amp;#x200B;

I could not cook.
How much is your package?
Does 2k a month include rent? I assume you will be renting.
Yes. I will be renting, I am ok with an HDB, but private room.
What is package?
I'd say $2K would be rather tight. You'd probably have to keep meals below $10 most of the time and take public transport.
max 2k a month? tts the monthly rent of an average studio apartment dude
Uhmmm. Do you know how much itd be? Have you done research on the place youd wanna rent in? And as a poster said below, whats your renumeration packge?
Yes, my option is a private room in a shared HDB
Hmm.. yes, previously but it was a quick research and now I doubt it.. 

Does package mean the salary?
are below 10SGD meals hard to find? Especially near the office center? like Raffles place..
private room would be around $900 assuming you will stay 3-5 train stops away from the city. you are left with around $1.1k a month, phone bills + transport prob $200? $900 / 30 = $30/day spending

quite tight bro
Well you may wanna renew your research again then, just to get a feel for the prices at the place youd wanna rent in.

And yes. It means salary. (: it all depends on how much you earn as well. A larger salary will always mean you can afford to spend more comfortably due to the increased spending power you have... even if you put a cap on it yourself. Just means you *dont* want to spend, instead of you *cant* spend.
Ok, I get a 6k/month offer. no bonus, nothing more. I want to save at least 4k/month, but seems it is quite hard..
Most casual places there would have meals below $10.
Hummm. I can recommend the golden shoe hawker centre if you are looking for meals below $10 near raffles... but its been a while since i worked there. 

And well yeah... singapore is generally a more... expensive place to live in. Imo, if you really wanna stretch your dollar, you can make your own meals. Doesnt have to be complicated stuff. There are tons of youtube vids out there on these kinda meals. I forgot what they are called. Healthier too.

You may also wanna look into hdbs which are further away from the city area... means longer travelling times though. But its all about how you wanna prioritise your savings. Need to ask yourself if waking up maybe 20 or 30 mins earlier worth the savings youd get by renting a room further away. 

But of course, i may be wrong on the 'further away from city, the cheaper the room can be' part, so you will have to do your own research on that part. (:
Yes, it's very doable (taking into the account that you'll be renting an HDB room). Unless you're into some luxurious entertainment or hobbies, you can possibly get by for even less.
Your expat salary package.

Does your 2k include rental? Or just purely meals and rental?
Lots of cheap places for food around Raffles Place IFF you have the time to walk over. I regularly have dinner nearby for 2.7 SGD and it's delicious.
Phone bill can be (no contract, byod) &lt; 30 bucks. Transport is very much depending on the place/commute and time. I'd hope it could be less than 200, if we ignore stupid weekend escalations.
is wifi included in the renting too?
Depends on yr landlord but it wld be rare not to have
By 200 transport and relying on public transport(bus and mrt(subway) only) should be doable. As mentioned by other posts, the closer you stay to your workplace, the lesser the transport costs. However, depending on your workplace area, it is also likely to be more expensive in terms of rent.
we talking about sgd here right?

btw what industry are you in?? o.o
we talking about sgd here right?

btw what industry are you in?? o.o
SGD. It is IT consultant.

Summary:
I assume you will be renting.
Does 2k a month include rent?
Its normal for people to be stupid.
I will be renting, I am ok with an HDB, but private room.
Transport is very much depending on the place/commute and time.
we talking about sgd here right?
Ok, I get a 6k/month offer.
Does package mean the salary?
Tell her youre not going to leave her just because she thinks she dumb.
Let her know that its normal for people to ask stupid questions.
Yeah maybe stop saying that to her.
You'd probably have to keep meals below $10 most of the time and take public transport.
its ironic that people spend more time being inactive at activeSG.
I'd say $2K would be rather tight.
