Original Response:
I recently had some so amazing that I didn't even know it could be that good. It was the most earth shattering, paradigm shifting, loving, and sensual experience I have ever had. My world is forever changed. I am a new person. Words do not even... I am eternally grateful for this beautiful indescribable experience. If the government could find a way to make it illegal, they would.
[deleted]
Please, at least discuss these feelings with your SO. Maybe it can be fixed. But don't settle because it's easier then leaving.
Grow some balls and develop better communication.

Start with yourself, all problems are not external but internal.
No this is only what you believe. I belive that all problems are extrernal but internal.
I hope she doesn't know your username because I'd die inside if I found out my boyfriend said this...
&gt;Start with yourself, all problems are not external but internal

This is bullshit.  A friend of mine got out of an abusive relationship where her husband broke her finger so badly she will never regain full use of it.  Him beating her was *not* an internal problem on her part and no amount of self-improvement could stop him from being a piece of shit.  I'm giving an extreme example to prove a point, but sometimes to make internal progress, you have to change your external situation.
You're right of course. And also, if you look at _everything_ from a perspective of *What am I learning right now*, then you nearly always have to acknowledge the existence of both the internal and external. 

For if this woman were only seeing this as a problem with her partner, then she would herself lose out on the opportunity to learn how to stand up for herself and leave his ass.
Having been in this circumstance, please leave dude. I've been in circumstances like these. You can *try* to fix things, but that's on your SO. And if your SO doesn't have the same sense or want of intimacy as you do, then you deserve better. 

I remember being in your shoes. I had to unsubscribe from /r/sex because posts like these felt like they physically hurt.
You're kind of acting like an abusive relationship doesn't involve mental abuse that compromises the abusee's ability to have clear logic like that.
Abusive relationships are certainly complex. And yeah it's scary how often times as humans it seems we can be so attracted to the things that appear bad for us. Also, if you cannot see the value of looking inward, of asking yourself what you are learning from whatever difficult struggle you may currently find yourself, if your only response to conflict is to blame someone else, then you may find yourself encountering a lot of those experiences. 

A woman once told me...
_"You can learn with joy, or you can learn with pain. But either way, you're going to learn."_
I am still feeling like you're ignoring what abusive relationships do to you. Introspective thinking is great but being beaten and gaslighted and manipulated by somebody fucks up your ability to think rationally, meaning it fucks up your ability to think introspectively in a manner that produces positive outcomes. Often women in these situations are convinced that the problem is themselves already, but not that they should leave. It's a bigger problem than identifying that you may be enabling your own abuse for that matter, because it's blaming a victim of abuse for their abuse and that's never a good road to go down. Their mental health is not well. You can't expect them to make decisions that require healthy mental states.
You cannot control what happens to you. You can only control your response to whatever happens to you.

Responsability = Ability to respond effectively

Your external situation only changes from internal change (at least very effectively)

You have a circle of influence, and a circle of concern.

To grow your circle of influence you have to focus on your circle of influence (your habits, your mindset, your education, you) and not focus on external factors, including abusive relationships, even if that is hard at first.

I recommend the book "7 Habits of Highly Succesful People"

I know these principles helped me too, coming from a poor village with toxic parents. I stopped blaming anyone, and I took responsibility for my situation and started changing myself first.

My circle of influence grew with me.

Hope it help,

Loop.
It's easy to check who accomplishes more in life. Those people focusing on internal factors, that are in their grasp, or those that focus on external factors.

Which one ends up growing? I have seen thousands of percents difference between the two mindsets.

I recommend the book "7 Habits of Highly Succesful People"
id like to see that data.  


Also is recommend you the book "Moby Dick". It perfectly shows how a whale has to deal with an pure external problem
Meet people more successful than you.

Summary:
Start with yourself, all problems are not external but internal.
I belive that all problems are extrernal but internal.
I am still feeling like you're ignoring what abusive relationships do to you.
I recommend the book "7 Habits of Highly Succesful People"
You can only control your response to whatever happens to you.
