Original Response:
Not really in a way where I want to be a man, but I just don’t want to be a woman.

I will note I’m in therapy trying to get help with a multitude of different issues.

For the last year I’ve grown disinterested in sex with my longtime partner. again for many different reasons. I don’t know what I like sexually, I’m questioning, but I know I don’t like the role women are expected to play in sex - being penetrated, acting over the top with morning, being innocent/submissive, shaved bare.

But more than that, I’ve really started hated my “femininity” if you will.

I don’t like how women are perceived in the eyes of the world - constantly sexualized. Especially in my country, the US. I’ve stopped wearing dresses, skirts, heels, and anything that makes me feel like I’m sexualizing myself in public.

I can’t stand feeling objectified or observing it. It makes me feel sick to my stomach.

I don’t think I want to have biological kids anymore because I hate the idea that my body would just be totally wrecked over it (I’ve got a host of health issues as is), but I know my BF wants kids of his own. I don’t like that it makes me feel like I have to be an incubator, and I can’t stand how so much biological shit falls onto women. I just had endometriosis excision surgery in July and as I type this I’m in debilitating pain on my period.

I just feel so uncomfortable in my own body I want o crawl out of it. Idk what to do or why I feel this way :( or if it will evolve or change
You complain about expectations, and yet you're the one accepting these expectations as correct.

&gt;I know I don’t like the role women are expected to play in sex

Expected by whom?

 &gt;being penetrated

Biologically obvious but not necessary

&gt; acting over the top with morning

No idea what that means

&gt;being innocent/submissive

Lol no.

&gt;shaved bare

Again: lol no.


&gt;wearing dresses, skirts, heels

I haven't done any of that, with super rare exceptions, since I was about six. 

You just accept that these are gender roles, that they are set in stone, and that women must conform to them. Whoever is telling you that that is what women do: they're wrong.

Adhering to this nonsense is not what defines women, and the only people who seem to think so are men. You don't hate being a woman. You hate what other people have told you being a woman means.
I don't see myself as one of the very feminine types but I do love to wear dresses, skirts, nail polish sometimes! I just do it in the way of crazy skirts (such as my silk star/constellation skirt!), crazy/cute dresses, and nail polish in colours like green, blue, and dark purple!

&amp;#x200B;

It sounds to me like OP does not like who she is at the moment because she puts too much pressure on who she thinks she needs to be as a woman. It reminds me a bit of this post some guy made a while ago about how once he got married to his girlfriend she changed her entire persona because that's what she thought a wife (as opposed to a girlfriend) needs to be like. Spoiler: He did not like it at all! His hot, sex-loving, fun girlfriend suddenly turned into a mousey 'no sex unless it's for baby making' person.
I feel like my current partner won’t be on board if I go against all of these women norms, and that I wouldn’t not find a partner who would accept all of these.

How do you get away with not wearing dresses or skirts? I have to go to formal work events where it’s mandatory, black dress attire and heels, hundreds of women, not a single one not dressed in a dress. Not just my work events, my boyfriends work has events too that I have to go to, and he would kill me if I showed up in anything less than formal dress attire.

I’m not accepting the expectations as correct, I’m accepting them as the dominant culture in my society, and to go against that norm makes life much more difficult.

I typed late at night - I meant moaning*. The only way I know how to act is how women in porn act which just seems over the top to me, and I don’t know how to act or be in sex that makes me feel comfortable and natural, I have no idea what that looks like and I feel so deeply conditioned to be like a stereotypical woman in bed that idk if I know how to do differently.

I don’t shave currently but I know my partner doesn’t like it, and I can’t wear capris at work in the summer - it’s unprofessional at my work place.

You are right in that I don’t like how society thinks women should be. I don’t. But I don’t know what I like or how to get away with being myself if I do know what I want/don’t want.
When at work, or doing work related things, keep in mind you're now representing the company, and not yourself. It's common to have to adhere to a dress code there. On your free time you can do whatever you want.
Yea it’s just tough though when at these special events the attire is sexualizing. I’m not comfortable dressing in a skin tight black dress and heels while men are fully clothed in bags of suits lol, I just feel like I’m a piece of meat at those events and I hate it
I don’t like who I am at the moment, that’s accurate. I’ve been going to therapy to try and figure that out.

Sometimes my relationship makes me feel stuck, because I feel obligated to be the woman my BF likes and agreed to date. Sometimes I feel like I just change too much and that I’m crazy.

I like nail polish too sometimes. I’m not anti stereotypical women stuff, but to me dresses and skirts are very sexualizing. I feel like the open access to our underparts is sort of teased by wearing a tube basically, idk if I’m making any sense. It’s just how I feel about it. I like the security of wearing pants where someone can’t just look up my skirt or the wind can’t just instantly expose me. I also think heels are ridiculous bc they are bad for your feet and literally just serve to make a woman look sexier.

Not trying to debate, other women can do whatever they want I could care less, but personally I don’t like this stuff anymore.
&gt;How do you get away with not wearing dresses or skirts?

Suits. Suits are awesome. Either pantsuits for women or, depending on budget and options, suits tailored or adjusted. I mean. They have *proper pockets* and all that nice stuff women are generally not given. And I love them. For swankier occasions I have vests that I love to bits because they're in deep, wonderful colours. And shiny fabrics. 

As to the rest, I guess a lot depends on your partner's approval. I'm not going to tell you to dump him, but my solution is to find a partner whose preferences actually fit *me*. Including spontaneous laughter during sex, sometimes sex in total silence, and not giving a hoot about body hair. Such people exist, believe it or not. :)
Don't worry. I have problems like that too, especially in my relationship. I feel very very stuck at times, though for other reasons than not being womanly/the way my bf likes me enough.

As far as the skirts go, two things I'd like to say:

a.) men also wear skirts (Muslim men especially, but then the skirts are simply called tunic or something of the like)

b.) skirts give a woman power if worn correctly. This is going to sound incredibly stupid, but honestly, if you do have the figure for it, a skirt can be an advantage. It's manipulation, yes, but most of human interaction is. If you wear a skirt, you'll (often) look nice, which men (e.g. your boss/etc.) like. They don't like it in a creepy way (except if they're creeps) and it doesn't mean they want to get into your pants (although... probably yes), but what is really important is that they appreciate it. Men appreciate a woman who can dress up nicely if she wants. That's a fact. And being aware of that can get you very very far in life. It's not only skirts though. A nice-to-look-at woman in a pants suit can have the same effect. And it doesn't stop with men. As a woman, I would personally rather talk to a well-dressed person (dressing well often makes people pretty!) than to someone who doesn't take care of their looks at all.

I don't know if anything in my response is clear but I hope you get the gist. You probably would prefer to be valued for your inside rather than your outside, like everyone, but a lot of people will judge you (even subconsciously) on your outside first. In a way, dressing womanly is to put on a mask. You might not feel it, but you have to recognize the advantages it gives you, you have to know the power of that, because if you don't, well, you know the kind of people. They might be lovely people, but they're often overlooked/whatever, and that goes for men as well as women.

Also - why do you hate looking sexy so much? I'm usually happy if I look sexier than on an average day. Those are my best days! We might be totally different personalities, but how can you not like it when people look at you appreciatively because you're pretty? So you're a bit objectified, so what? Don't you look at men sometimes as well and think 'oh he's hot' or 'oh I wish my boyfriend had a bit more muscle, like that guy'? I know I do this, and I don't see anything wrong with it personally. I can appreciate hot women as well as men, and I share these thoughts with my partner sometimes (though I usually keep it to hot women to keep the jealousy away, haha).

I don't know where I'm going with this any more. Try to figure out why you dislike yourself and (maybe) your body. That's the best advice I can give at this point.

Oh, and as to people looking up your skirt:

Why do you care? Even if they see your most hideous grandma-style panty, what are they gonna do about it? And if they see something they like? So what? They will have forgotten in about 0.2 seconds when another thought comes into their minds. You just laugh it off.
You make a lot of good points! Many of which I’ve been considering and thinking about. I appreciate you pushing my thinking bc that’s really what I’m looking for, I’m trying to figure out why I feel the way I do.

I’m not entirely sure why I’ve slowly started hating feeling objectified. I used to get dolled up and I do like to feel wanted, but I think I’m almost afraid of being wanted in a predatory manner. One part of me thinks it’s because of our political climate - women aren’t taken seriously or respected and bodily autonomy isn’t a given. I don’t know why I tend to take this so personally but I do. Reading the updates on this Kavanaugh judges accusers makes me feel sick and I can’t stand the reactions people have to the victims. I can’t pin point why this bleeds into me hating feeling sexy, but I think it has to do with going along with the cultural norm. 

Sure, I do look at men who are sexy and I’ve actually brought up the discussion of working out more to my BF lol, I know I objectify people too. So I don’t know why I hate it when I feel objectified/when women are objectified! Maybe bc when women are objectified the consequences can be more extreme? (List of all disparities between men and women).

I don’t know why I feel the need to conceal my body, I suppose out of shame and the desire to not be wanted physically by others, I don’t know. that’s probably why my reaction to my skirt flying up in the wind is embarrassment and not laughter like you mention. In my head when that happens, it feels like the patriarchy laughs at me and says “gotcha! Made you feel obligated to dress a certain way that can allow us men to see you naked on occasion”. 

I love when people compliment my hair and I’m all for my hair looking sexy (it’s long and red lol, highlight of my being haha), but not the rest of my body, especially in a sexual way...why? I don’t know. Something about sex has become nerve wracking to me. Being too vulnerable? Being taken advantage of? Having someone inside me? I really don’t know.

I get what you’re saying about the power part, but I’m just not fully onboard with using my body as a manipulation tool. I dress well, just not sexy. I’m not sure where the sex aversion comes from really, but I hate the idea of someone looking at me and wanting to have sex with me. :(
Is there a way to wear a suit and not look like a lesbian? Not anything against that lol, but I’m wary I’d be perceived that way?

I was thinking suits are the only solution though.

The partner part of this situation is tough lol I get what you’re saying though
I'm glad I can help! Usually I say too much and people hate me/think I'm too confrontational/too loud (although I'm very quiet usually, just when there's an discussion I love to argue...)/too something else entirely.

So a few points: I don't dress to manipulate, I just dress in a way that makes me feel good/nice/sexy, depends on how I'm feeling really.

The sex aversion... In my experience, it's one of two things: It could be depression or it could be that you don't think your partner is attractive any more/never has been/whatever. In the time you've been together, you've seen more of him than you like, and you're not attracted any more but still feel obligated to have sex because you're his girlfriend after all. This might be true, or might not, but maybe think on it. The way you're talking about yourself and your sexual issues (by that I include 'sexy dressing' issues) sound very familiar to me and scream that something about your relationship with your boyfriend is not right. Do you still love him? Do you love him but don't find him sexy/attractive? Is that why you hate him thinking you're sexy/desirable (because it implies he wants you, which you might not want any more, and that makes you feel 'wrong'?

As for the news and 'it happens more often/with more severe consequences to women' that might or might not be true. There's also male rape, and a lot of young boys often fall prey to older men as well, which makes them grow up 'wrong' (as in, they will feel ashamed and what not, just like girls, probably all their lives). Does it happen more often to women? I don't know. It could be, but then again, it could not. Does it happen because of how women dress ('she dressed in this mini skirt so she definitely wanted it!!')? I don't know either, but I doubt it. I firmly believe the dress code comes AFTER a predator has made up his mind to assault someone. And in that case, it does not matter if you're wearing feminine clothes or plain clothes. Think about pedophiles for example, I doubt they care what the child is wearing when they make up their minds to assault him or her.

As for 'I don't know why I feel the need to conceal my body': I do think this has to do with your relationship to your boyfriend. I don't know why, but it seems connected, that's all. You talk a lot about feeling like you have to be someone/dress like someone to be accepted, and I guess the person who you want to be accepted by is likely a guy, and likely your boyfriend. HOWEVER, this comes not from what HE wants, but what you think you must do so he will love you, which he probably already does, but which you do not/no longer want. It's a contradiction, yes, but a lot of people feel this way, myself included.

Also, no one is making you dress this way and even if I can't deny that there IS a patriarchy, I doubt anyone thinks this way. There are the sleazebags, who will think 'oh yeah damn show us dat ass gurl', who are immature and really shouldn't be relevant for you if otherwise you want to look pretty. And then there's the guys who'll have a quick look, smile because they think you're sexy (which is a nice thing!), and move on with their lives. This latter one is the equivalent of you looking at a hot guy's ass. I don't think any of them think 'gotcha, etc.', and if they do, you really really shouldn't care. The ones that do are sleazebags, and you don't need to care about those guys' opinion.

Again back to the sex aversion...
I've already said what I think, so no more of that, but truly, do try to consider it yourself. Could it be a man in your life now who makes you feel this way? Do you feel guilty because you don't want his attention when you SHOULD want it because he's your SO? Has there been a man before who treated you badly?

Also, stop watching the news on sexual abuse. It gets you nowhere expect hatred of men/yourself, apparently. I am the same, that's why I don't watch any news at all. These issues really get to me, but I know I can't do anything about it, and maybe that's putting my head in the sand, but I have a lot of mental health issues to deal with already and don't need any more really.


PS: (last part of this text-wall, I swear it!) I love red hair! I'm objectifying you and I haven't even seen you. So please, take that as a compliment from another woman, and just consider staring men the same. They're paying you a compliment. They're not laughing patriarchially at you, they just enjoy seeing pretty women dress prettily. At least the sensible ones do (90% of the men), and on the other 10% you don't have to waste a single thought!
I genuinely don't know how to respond to that. You have a partner, I thought. Why is that a worry?
I have a boyfriend lol and I think it might just be weird but I’m not sure?
You could always try a nice (not skintight or overly sexy) dress and put a blazer over the top? It's not a suit but blazers make it really hard to objectify (not appreciate) someone, and as a lesbian, I'd assume you were straight with a dress and blazer?

&amp;#x200B;
Thank you for this! Lol and thanks for the red hair compliment :p

I’ve definitely got to turn off the news it’s just hard when you want to be an informed voter and citizen and what not but it really does mess with my mind. I hate our politics right now it makes me sick. I think it’s really putting a flashlight on this sleazebag patriarchy as you call it, it’s hard to feel like the majority of men aren’t sleezes when the president and alllllll them other government officials are so blatantly sexist, and they rule the country. 

Also, I have not been as attracted to my BF, that is very correct. He has no muscle definition, and I know it sounds vain, but he really isn’t physically attractive to me anymore bc of it. I started suggesting this best I could trying not to totally crush his spirit, and he said he’s going to start working out. So I guess we will see if it helps.

I feel awful but for a year we’ve almost like friend zoned each other (me doing it to him really), we basically just feel like friends who stress each other out, still manage to have fun, and live together. We are not intimate, largely again on my part, I haven’t been interested. I have no drive, no passion, no desire. I’m usually exhausted which doesn’t help, but it’s been a rough year for us.

I know my BF is sexually frustrated now too. It sucks. I don’t know how to talk about this with him or what to even say :( i like and love the guy a lot, we just don’t act like a couple much anymore. I think there’s many reasons for that.

One such reason, he makes me feel self conscious in public. If I say something funny or weird, he will give me an unquestionably embarrassed and frustrated look. He shushes me in public if I’m getting goofy or silly and honestly it makes me feel ashamed and so self conscious. I know he has a lot of anxiety himself, but he just puts wayyyy to much stress on us both to keep others happy. I’ve brought this up to him before but I just don’t feel like he’s tried to change? Idk.

One example - he ran a marathon last weekend. I know, you’d think he’d be in killer shape, but really he’s a twig. I’m tiny at 5’2 and 105lbs, well he has the same size arms as I do......anyways. He finishes the marathon and when he comes over to me, sweating and totally out of breath, he says, “I think we are taking up too much space, can you move our bags over”, and I almost lost it like wtf. We had two tiny bags sitting right next to me. He just ran a MARATHON and he was concerned we were in other people’s way, whereas other marathoners are straight sprawled out on the ground dying, rightfully so. I didn’t even know what to do, I just looked at him and I’m like dude we are fine.

I also can’t stand how he lacks assertiveness. It drives me mad. When it comes to sticking up for me, he doesn’t. It takes him extreme effort to defend me if someone has been rude to me or something. And you can tell he’s dying of anxiousness if he does try to stick up for me. I’m not a damsel in distress, I’m quite quick to defend myself when needed, but it’s nice to have someone back you up and generally to feel supported....but here’s an example. 

He and his family of 4 including himself are insanely close. Super tight knit. I hate visiting them bc I feel like a total outsider and they really could care less about my presence, I feel like dead weight, totally friendzoned by him in those cases lol. I start telling a story (basically the first one I told on the visit), and his dad immediately picks up his phone. He’s on it the whole time. I finish my story, and I kid you not, his dad looks up to my BF and asks him a random question that is completely unrelated to what I was just talking about. I was dumbfounded it was so damn rude. His dad says “sorry don’t worry I was listening”...no that’s a lie...This was the first time my BF has ever stuck up for me around his family. He said “well what did you think?” (In regards to my story). That’s it. He was red and nervous just to confront his dad about being an ass to his GF. Like idk maybe it’s just me but I haaaate feeling like I have no support from him in this way. It’s killing me. He’s super supportive in other ways, and I’m obviously extremely sympathetic to mental struggles bc of my own, but sometimes it feels like he hasn’t made progress or isn’t doing a damn thing to improve. Harsh, I know. :(
I definitely get what you mean with all of this. You could have described my own boyfriend in some ways, and my own anxieties. These things, like him not being 'strong' enough, or him not sticking up for you, this all happened to me basically.

Examples:
My guy is non-confrontive as can be and we've had fights about this a few times. Mostly because our neighbours are trash, serious trailer trash, with three little kids, and they are noisy all the time, from 6 AM to about 7-8 PM. It's impossible for me to sleep later than 5:30/6 when they start making noise and I can't work at home most of the times... He knows this affects me (obviously!) and especially my mental health... but he does not want to speak to the neighbours. (I can't myself, because they speak 0 English and I don't speak their language... I moved country to be with my boyfriend). There haven't really been any other situations where he needed to stick up for me, and I do think he would if I were insulted in front of him (he did when it happened) but with the neighbours, he just wants to keep the peace and all.

The same with his body... He's very tall and very thin... and all the people I'm attracted to usually have... well, are not really chubby but have a bit of flesh on them, if you get what I mean, and I've started to find him really really unsexy because he's just so gangly.

In a way, then, we're in a very similar situation, and I can understand you very well! My depression is getting worse because of it, and I'm confused about everything, because I do love my boyfriend, I just don't know if love is enough to stay together. I don't want to leave (yet) either, because well, I do love him. How is it for you? Do you think you might be happier with someone else or on your own? I think about this a lot personally. I don't want to be alone, but the points above, PLUS the fact that my boyfriend and I seem to have very little in common lately (he doesn't care about things I like, like reading, etc. and I don't care about his boring programming job at a boring company at all) makes it really really hard. It's so... difficult to admit it, but sometimes I feel like maybe we just don't mesh any more. We did, for a time, and it was so nice, and I want to hold on to it, but if I met my boyfriend right now, we'd never go further than being maybe-friends. Like you already mentioned, it's a lot like simply being roommates, and we don't often have sex either because there we're incompatible too (I'd love to have a more dominant boyfriend, but at the same time, he wants to have a dominant girlfriend in bed, which I really am not and don't feel comfortable to be).

I'm sorry I made this post so much about me. I'm hoping you find this information valuable, and maybe can draw some conclusions for yourself about your own situation. You know, I don't know you, but I think you're just young, like me, and probably confused. This situation with your boyfriend is not healthy, and I might even call it abusive, but it has a lot of self-abuse in it. You might disagree with that, but maybe there's some kind of truth in it. There's only so many issues you can 'work on' as a couple, but if you don't feel at home with his family and he is openly rude to you (like at the marathon) this suggests a lack of respect from him and his family both. I am lucky because my boyfriend's mom is really nice to me, and his dad too, but what you're going through sounds horrible! These people don't seem to respect you at all, no wonder you're starting to blame yourself! If everyone around me, and especially my partner, were putting me down (the dad is doing this by showing you such disrespect!), I'd start to question myself (my appearance, my way of being/thinking) too! But you shouldn't. THEY are the jackasses, not you.

As far as the news goes... I understand it's difficult to cut it out, and maybe you don't have to, but you should definitely screen WHAT exactly you read in detail. Of course you want to be informed, and you're probably in the US, so you get a lot of Trump(-sexist)-bullshit, but maybe you can read headlines only and only go in depth when it's really relevant. However, I still think the issues are not the news, but much closer to home, and once you've solved them, you'll be able to read the news and detach from them just fine.

PS: wear ponytails! They're so nice on red-haired gals.

Summary:
It’s just how I feel about it.
I don't know where I'm going with this any more.
I think about this a lot personally.
I dress well, just not sexy.
You are right in that I don’t like how society thinks women should be.
It could be, but then again, it could not.
You don't hate being a woman.
You have a partner, I thought.
I definitely get what you mean with all of this.
Men appreciate a woman who can dress up nicely if she wants.
I’ve brought this up to him before but I just don’t feel like he’s tried to change?
I know my BF is sexually frustrated now too.
Not really in a way where I want to be a man, but I just don’t want to be a woman.
I like nail polish too sometimes.
I’ve stopped wearing dresses, skirts, heels, and anything that makes me feel like I’m sexualizing myself in public.
It's not only skirts though.
Also - why do you hate looking sexy so much?
And if they see something they like?
I was thinking suits are the only solution though.
I don't know either, but I doubt it.
I don't know why, but it seems connected, that's all.
You know, I don't know you, but I think you're just young, like me, and probably confused.
Could it be a man in your life now who makes you feel this way?
It's so... difficult to admit it, but sometimes I feel like maybe we just don't mesh any more.
Is there a way to wear a suit and not look like a lesbian?
Idk what to do or why I feel this way :( or if it will evolve or change.
I moved country to be with my boyfriend).
I hate our politics right now it makes me sick.
Also, I have not been as attracted to my BF, that is very correct.
