Original Response:
Do you feel it is possible to contradict your church's official doctrine or other beliefs? How do you balance this?  


I'm still trying to find where I fit and it feels like no church will ever align with 100% of my beliefs.
In my head there's room for 'we might be wrong/not know all' about:

- papal supremacy,

- perpetual virginity of Mary - &gt;Jesus being her only child, 

- auricular confession, 

- transsubstation, 

- CCC being as important as it is now, 

- women's role, 

- purgatory, 

- weddings being ok only in church, 

- contraception, 

- sexuality, 

- clergy vs laity, 

- saints


I probably left something out.
That's a whole lot of 'If the Church doesn't have authority to declare those things then why even be Catholic?'
You might want to look around and see if any other denominations feel right, as you disagree with a *lot* of Catholic teachings.
Because I don't know for sure, I don't claim to know everything, this is the Church I was raised in, taught to believe is always right and the only available here.
Sounds like to me you have some learning to do. As a convert it always makes me sad that cradle Catholics were taught things but basically only given the reason of 'that's just the way it be'. I had to  learn about each of those subject in convincing myself that Divine Authority did in fact rest with the Catholic Church and I did just that despite the fact I didn't actually want to be Catholic at the time.

I'm happy to help if you need.
I just don't accept everything without asking questions. There are no other denominations around.
Well, thank you... I'm just not sure how can you know how much I've learned during my life and again I'm not sure if we all did a little learning, everyone would suddenly rush to sing up for RCIA...

If you have something to share, feel free to do so.
I don't know what you know but I know based on that list what you don't know and it comes down to some pretty basics of the faith.

If it were me and I had to start over again I would start with the Symbolon videos on youtube
'I know based on that list what you don't know and it comes down to some pretty basics of the faith.' 

The issue is that I was learning about these basics and my mind (nor heart) wasn't screaming: I've found the absolute truth!
Taking aside for a moment that how you feel about something doesn't make it true of false. 

It really sounds like you may be struggling with how do I know the Bible to be true?' or maybe even a step further back at 'how do I know God exists?''

If you can establish both of those it really takes a reflection of Catholic belief throughout Scripture and then affirming it throughout the oral tradition to be convincing intellectually.
'If you can establish both of those it really takes a reflection of Catholic belief throughout Scripture and then affirming it throughout the oral tradition to be convincing intellectually.' 

It's not that simple. Also, many people in other denominations have no problems with believing in God and trusting the Bible.
&gt;many people in other denominations have no problems with believing in God and trusting the Bible

But they divorce them from Sacred Tradition.
Is tradition neccessary, crucial for salvation? 
See, I'm pointing that so many people came to different conclusions, not God - &gt;Bible - &gt; Catholicism
The issue is you are looking at things out of order.

God didn't drop the Bible at of the sky... It came about through the Church by the power of God.

So it goes God &gt; the Church &gt; The Bible.
The Church... then who has the right to belong to that Church? If someone was raised Catholic, grew up, tries to follow what Jesus taught, but has some doubts about doctrine... Is someone like this excluded?
I'm certain we agree that Salvation is intended for all people, yes?

It is asserted by the Church that there is no Salvation outside the Church. Formulated another way the graces of Salvation are poured out by the ministry of the Church.

If both these assertion are to hold true then it stands that membership within the Church is open to everybody. In fact all baptized Christians are members of the Church to varying degrees. 

Having doubts doesn't preclude someone from membership in the Church but it does present some issues with presenting oneself for the Sacraments.

The Church requires intellectually assent to all the Doctrines and Dogmas when you present yourself for something like Communion. This is done when we say 'amen'.

Obviously, not knowing you personally I can't say whether you are in a state to receive but I can say that you should talk this over with a priest you trust. The Church is big enough for your doubts, she can handle your questions.
It's not asserted by the Church, only by hierarchy of our Church, and we don't know where does that certainity come from. 

She can handle my questions, I'm wondering how... Obviously they are not very important, I'm just an ordinary woman, but so far no apologetics were good enough for me to bring that peace of mind, nor am I able to just break my conscience and do mental gymnastics by saying to myself that some things don't make any sense, but bishops know better and I should absolutely trust their sense of morality.
They are incredibly important!

What do you consider to be said by the Church? Is the Canon of the Bible said by the Church or only the hierarchy?

I'm not poking fun but rather trying to grasp where exactly the root of your questions is.

If you know the root of your doubts it might be relevant to start there.
The Canon of the Bible is something we will probably forever debate with other Christians. 

There are just many other teachings (TOB) for example that are held to a very high importance....

Summary:
It came about through the Church by the power of God.
Is the Canon of the Bible said by the Church or only the hierarchy?
It really sounds like you may be struggling with how do I know the Bible to be true?'
The Church is big enough for your doubts, she can handle your questions.
Sounds like to me you have some learning to do.
