Original Response:
So I am a 20 year old male, in my first serious relationship, and I am having issues with ejaculating during sex. I cant ejaculate when I have sex with my gf. I get rock hard during foreplay and even will have enough precum that it leaks through my boxers and even through my pants, but I cant cum. 

At first we thought it was a problem with me masturbating, so I quit all together. Went cold turkey for a couple months and to no avail. We thought maybe it was the condoms, I cant seem to find a condom that fits me properly and I may have to go to ordering one online to my fitments. So we tried having sex without a condom several times and still no ejaculation. She cums within 15 minutes but we have gone on for over an hour and I cannot cum, and we usually have to stop at that point because it gets uncomfortable and my gf starts to get self conscious and she thinks shes not doing it right. I need some suggestions. 

We tried missionary and cowgirl, I dont know if the position really matters.
Can you cum from masturbating? Do you achieve the feeling of an orgasm, yet there is no semen? Or is it only during sex that you can't finish?
I can cum from masturbation, just not during sex.
I should note, it takes about 25-30 minutes.
How long have you abstained from hand crankin it?
When your having sex what's going through your head? Some guys are able to pump and dump thinking about their own grandma making them a pie. Other guys can't even get hard at the slightest negative thought or fear. 

For me if I'm not constantly in the moment, or thinking of something sexual, I could go all day without finishing. And sometimes one off thought can ruin what progress has been made.
Usually thinking about something sex related, whether its my gf and how shes attractive, or some pornstar, literally anything that would be sexual for me. Nothing I think of during sex seems to help.
I would guess around say mid July.
Are you enjoying what you do during sex? Are you actually turned on? Maybe there is a kink you have that is a key to climax.

How long have you been dating this girl, and has this issue only happened with her, or have there been other partners?
Could be death grip issues, or it could be mental. I'm assuming you have had sex in the past and it's not been an issue to cum? Or is this your first time having sex?
We have been dating since the beginning of the year. She is the first person I have been sexual with.

I do enjoy the sex, it feels good, but for some reason it just doesn't make me ejaculate.
First time.
All I can think of is patience and experimentation. Some people are simple to get off, others require more work. I've been with women who could get off at a shoulder touch, and others who couldn't be pleased by a sex god.

Think about what things turn you on the most, porn can help with this if you just roll through different categories until you hit something that works better than the rest. Then talk with your girl and see if you can somehow implement it into your sex life.
Welp, I would keep abstaining from dates with Palmala, and try not to think about it too much while having sex or at all, or it could make the issue even worse. Just try to relax and have fun. I know that sounds really cliche and unhelpful, but performance anxiety can become a real issue especially when you overthink it. What about blow jobs? Have you tried that?
yep. Tried regular bj's and 69. Nothing.

Summary:
I can cum from masturbation, just not during sex.
I cant ejaculate when I have sex with my gf.
Nothing I think of during sex seems to help.
Or is this your first time having sex?
