Original Response:
So this happened yesterday. 

Quick preface, this is more embarrassing than fucking myself up but still managed to do a little bit of that too.

So i had a rugby game yesterday and by half time my contact lenses had fallen out, so i subbed off at half time and while i was watching the second half of the game i was getting annoyed at my blurry vision. so i decide to quickly run to my teams changing room to get my glasses to continue to watch the game. so as i leave the bench and start to head towards the grand stand (building with seats for viewers and changing rooms underneath) and there is a fence around the field between me and the changing rooms, so here comes the fuck up.

side note - im kind of clumsy in general but this was next level careless and braindead

so here i come jogging towards the fence (semi blind) and i think alright ill just quickly jump this fence here and head in and grab my glasses. as i grab the fence with my hand and jump leading with my feet one after the other i realize ive grabbed the fucking gate segment and it doesn't have a latch!  so here i am hand on the gate body in jump mode and i feel the gate fucking opening from my hand i was supposed to be using to help me clear it in one jump and just land flat on my ass, and im not small and it was not a small fence. the first thought that came to my head was "REEEEEEEEEE!!!" all the spectators in the grand stand and everyone standing along the fence, that i thought i was about to majestically clear,  see me sprawled on my ass on the concrete and i flush instantly and begin to laugh awkwardly and apologize (dont know what for? looking like a fuck?) as i run into the changing rooms. i was seriously considering not even coming back out to support my team after that but i quickly got my glasses tried to joke about it to people that saw it as i passed and carried on watching the game in my embarrassment. 

so fast forward past laughs and retelling from my family and team mates that saw this fuck up unfold in all its glory, my right ass cheek hurts like bastard. I'm guessing the embarrassment saved me from the pain at the time.

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR: was going to get my glasses, tried to jump an unlatched gate segment of a fence that was in my path, gate opened landed on my ass, everyone saw, now my right ass cheek hurts like hell.
Jumping a fence almost never ends well
As a frequent fence hopper, it boggles my mind how so many people screw it up.
I guess I just don't have enough fence hopping practice then
This is how my friend became ‘The Butt Slug’
He must be related to the ‘Snail Trail’ girl.
I am a frequent fence hopper as well, and I can tell you that my one fuck up that left me impaled was due to heavy, heavy intoxication.
It really depends on the fence though, doesn't it?  Those 5'8" wooden privacy fences are solid, and with a good grip on the top you can vault that thing with no issue.  Then you have those flimsy 4' high chain link fences that have no reinforcement beyond the posts 10' apart, so it just bends if you put any weight on it at all.
Simon Pegg taught me that in 2004, 2007, and 2013.  


And he probably did it back in 90 too, 1990.
&gt;Then you have those flimsy 4' high chain link fences that have no reinforcement beyond the posts 10' apart, so it just bends if you put any weight on it at all.

Those are a bitch to get over. Generally, where I'm from anyway, those kind of fences are only found in decrepit areas that no one takes care of anymore, so there's holes and bent spots all down the fence. I just walk along it until I find a suitable spot and just jump over it.
&gt;Then you have those flimsy 4' high chain link fences that have no reinforcement beyond the posts 10' apart, so it just bends if you put any weight on it at all.

Those are a bitch to get over. Generally, where I'm from anyway, those kind of fences are only found in decrepit areas that no one takes care of anymore, so there's holes and bent spots all down the fence. I just walk along it until I find a suitable spot and just jump over it.
Unless that fence is there to protect you from a well. Then yes, it does end well.
try hopping barb wire fences all day (im a surveyor we jump a lot of fences)
Last year I noticed a few firemen talking to a man that at first seemed to be sitting on a 6 ft high or so fence. Eventually a  first responder arrived with a massive power saw - the guy had impaled his leg trying to jump the fence.
The ones in my area are always *just* high enough that I can't clear them in one jump. I usually use a post to vault over, but even then they can be pretty rickety as well.
Yes, it does. But every fence has its exceptions. My injury came from a solid wooden privacy fence, with a lone broken post, somehow sharpened to resemble a vampire-killing stake.
I guess some people just don't know the secret. Know a fence.
Like that scene on Hot Fuzz
Teach me your ways u/McDuffBSmith
Can confirm, broke my nose jumping a fence while buzzed and in front of crowd.
Once was wiring on my friend was gonna pick him up and hang out and was waiting outside for like 45 minutes in the Texas summer and my car didn’t have ac so I said fuck it and jumped the 4 ft high chain link fence started walking around to the backyard where his house was only to see there was no house behind the front house I looked over a yard and see his house instantly go oh shit whip around jump back over run over to his house and say hay man if the cops show up they may ask for me.
Not u/McDuffBSmith, but my safe technique is like this:

1.	Firmly grasp the top bar of the fence with your dominant hand palm down and your other hand palm down
2.	Squat down and jump just high enough while also pushing yourself up to get the same foot as your dominant hand on the bar and have your other foot as a balancer resting on the chain link
3.	At this point, most of your body is above the fence and all you need to do is slowly bring your non-dominant foot onto the bar while moving your dominant foot to the other side of the chain link to provide balance and then slowly climb down
4.	Or you can just finish by using your three bar-contacting limbs to push and jump yourself off the fence in a forward facing direction while makin sure your trailing foot doesnt get caught(only recommended if you’ve hopped fences before).
There is a safer way to do it. Just go throug the gates. They exist for a reason. No need to be Action Queens.
Not if the gate’s locked or made of fire
We used to just lift the wire on those. Fuck trying to jump one of those death traps
As someone who face planted after scaling a 3-foot tall garden barrier and chipped my top front teeth requiring a root canal during which coincidentally my anesthetic did not seem to work at all, I don't even amuse the thought of hopping shit anymore
Haha well see at our home ground the gate is latched so it doesn't matter where I go I can jump it but this was an away game and I fucked it up. Nice and good
Trying to leapfrog a unicorn also has similar consequences.
correction, stock wire with two strand barb wire on top. i do that with barb wire fences as well
Fence on an overpass...

People have made that mistake
Not as cool as jumping over.  Or for a good laugh for your friends, falling.

Summary:
i do that with barb wire fences as well.
Fuck trying to jump one of those death traps.
Jumping a fence almost never ends well.
Those are a bitch to get over.
Not as cool as jumping over.
I guess some people just don't know the secret.
Unless that fence is there to protect you from a well.
