Original Response:
[removed]
Doesn’t matter if I’m naked, if you can’t not rape people you need to stay home or just go to jail. My body, my choice, and that includes the covering
This post went over your head.
[removed]
Because it's loads of bullshit.
[removed]
&gt;Also, did you know there are also women who agree that women shouldnt dress Immodestly in a work/school setting? 

Google the term: Internalized misogyny. Women actually slut shame other women about as much as men. They have internalized their own shame.
I understand having a dress code for work.  I think if someone wants to be nude that’s fine too, I’m not a nudist myself.

But this sounds like victim blaming. Like “ what was she wearing?!” Like anyone other than the rapist is to blame. They aren’t. Rapists cause 100% of rape, not tank tops.
[removed]
No, it isn’t. He’s (and I’m assuming it’s a he) isn’t saying that clothes or the type of clothes make it OKAY to rape or harass, he is saying that sexual attraction isn’t something you can switch on/off and it can be distracting. This is a fact, for all genders and orientations. 

He’s saying that because we all know this and have all relatively accepted it, that’s why we all have generally agreed that certain clothes are more professional than the others.  Clothes enhance and minimize your sexuality, that’s a fact. If I wore a tight shirt, you bet your ass that might make me appear more sexy than if I wore a baggy shirt that didn’t compliment my shape. 

Because sexual attraction can’t be fully controlled (though it can be NOT acted upon, which is something he admits is the case), the whole “Teach men not to be distracted” is unfair because it goes against basic urges, urges, that he argues , women would have if they were surrounded by attractive guys. 

The simple fact is that the genders live in a different sexual atmosphere. For the average guy, the vast majority of girls are attractive. For girls, it doesn’t always seem like that’s the case. This inequality of attraction leads into a fundamental misunderstanding between genders even those in the middle or outside of just “guy” and “girl.” 

I know for a fact that when I am attracted to someone, my eyes just naturally, even unwillingly, gravitate towards them. Despite how hard I try NOT to appear like I’m looking at them, I can’t help but want to. I would imagine we’ve all had the experience. Clothes can cause a similar reaction, sometimes even by design. 

That’s why it’s a little unfair to penalize men and women because of their natural impulse to be distracted by the sex they are attracted to. 

Of course, there’s a difference between penalizing that and talking about it openly and getting them to realize that you should HARRASS anyone. I’m in the middle on this one. 

Personally, I believe clothing is a statement you choose to make to everyone else. People design clothes to be cute, sexy, comfy, useful and that’s implicit in the article you are wearing. If I wore a suit and tie, you probably wouldn’t expect me to be going hiking. If I wore my clubbing outfits, you probably would be noticing the things they accentuate and maybe, though it’s not always clear, it’s because I want you to. 

Rape isn’t a crime that’s based on attraction, not all forms of it at least. Rape usually is an expression of power dynamics. Rapists don’t care usually how you are dressed, they care whether or not you are a weak and easy target. Women should not be demonized because of the clothes they choose to wear just as men shouldn’t be demonized for being attracted and distracted by the beauty of women. 

TL;DR: If you can admit that a person of the sex you are attracted to is wearing nothing or scantly anything and that MIGHT distract you, then you can understand why it distracts other people of other genders. The distraction is healthy, it’s evolutionarily beneficial, and it’s endearing when people are in a relationship. Men can be distracted by clothes meant to enhance or highlight characteristics, but the distraction isn’t grounds to be harassed or raped EVER.
[removed]
And when your house gets broken into anyway, or you get robbed, we try not to blame you for having a nice house in the first place and making it look so Robbable
You’re going off the deep end here buddy.  Scantly class clothing does not equate honestly to being in the nude. 

If you want to prove your point that clothing affects instances of rape, find a study where they compare sexual assault and uniformed and non-uniformed schools. Rape is primarily about power dynamics. The way that clothing even remotely factors is if it’s loose and can be easily grabbed.
[removed]
Yes, they are *misogynistic. 

All modern modesty enforced dress codes are directly connected to patriarchal religion. Point to me one that doesn't and I'll eat my shoe. 

&gt; Some times it's even more stringent for men, just visualize the difference between business attire between a man and a woman

You are stretching from something formal to something related to sexual deviancy. As I stated in my other comment to you, if you came across an uncontacted tribe for which nudity was the norm, and they had no rape, what would you say? That they are barbarians? Inferior? Dangerous to have around children? Even so...there is no connection between formal attire (ceremonial dress) and nudity (and rape) except those imposed by patriarchal (judeo-christian but also hindu and buddhist) religions, (edit: and it has the opposite effect.)

See: what constitutes as formal wear for Amazon tribes.
We should also punish the people who do it,and believe those who report it.
&gt; Often times it's not even about "being able to control yourself" it's about it being a distraction.

Which is an example of not being able to control yourself. Life is full of distractions, and if you can't deal with that, you'll never get anything done. Coworkers talking, the radio, people walking past you, trees blowing in the wind, traffic. . . These are all distractions that people can handle without eliminating from their lives, yet a woman's bare shoulder is some how different. . .
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Little girls, women, and old grandmas get raped all around the world, even if they are wearing the most old, dirty, unattractive clothes. You know why? Because men are pieces of shit that justify themselves by thinking they can't control their "urges" like you just did in that garbage you wrote. If you are so mentally challenged that seeing an attractive woman significately distractes you to the point you are tempted to act like an animal do society a favor and go lock yourself in a room forever.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
First of all, no RATIONAL man has urges they can’t control.  And once again, it goes over your head. Read my post again, it says that it’s MANAGEABLE, I didn’t say that it’s UNCONTROLLED. I get that this is an important and sensitive topic, but to say that Men getting distracted by things that are attractive to them is bad and men should feel bad for having these urges, then you are preaching an unhealthy concept. 

Did you even read the part where I say rape has nothing to do with how attractive someone looks? 

Again, you repeated exactly the same thing that the previous person, meaning that you failed to understand what my post meant.
Strange. I'm attracted to women too but it does not distract me nor affect my ability to work. I just think "Damn, she's hot. I'd smash... now where was that report...". You just need to learn to shift your focus. Claiming that you can't because of biology is just laziness.
I’m not saying you CAN’T. I’m saying that it’s biology that makes you have those thoughts and that it’s understandable and healthy to have them.
The problem is that you use this argument to support the idea that if women would dress in a certain way, it will eliminate the distraction. That is false. Attractive women will always be a distraction even if they will dress modestly. If i know something about male sexuality, is that men have a wild imagination. It is often enough just to see a women's shape to become distracted and start fantasising about sex. It happens to me all the time. Last time it was a woman in a turtle neck and dress pants.
Would you not agree that clothes can enhance someone’s sex appeal? And no, I’m not saying that women should eliminate the distraction. Have you read what I’ve been writing carefully? I didn’t say that women should be modest, I’m saying that clothes can influence how you look and can make you more attractive, which can be a “distraction.”
Yes i agree, but the bottom line is that it does not matter. If you eliminate the most obvious things that enhance sexuality, then the attention will shift to more subtle signs like shapes, collarbones, waist, etc. I also want to point out that most workplaces have dress codes and that women are even required to enhance their sexuality to appear more professional by wearing makeup and heels. I think it is messed up, but at the same time I'm psychologically inclined to view these women as more professional than those who do not wear makeup and heels. Do you think attractive = professional in the business world? It sure appears so. I think if we eliminated those requirements for women then the focus would shift and plain women would start to appear more attractive and professional.
Well, I disagree, but that’s an anecdotal claim. I’ve never once thought a “plain” girl was attractive because she was wearing normal clothes. I do however think that “plain” women are attractive when they dress up. 

Not ALL guys ALWAYS think sexually about women, but, in my experience, I think about scantily clothed women more in sexual light than a woman in a hoodie and jeans. To say that just because I see clothes that I’m so sex starved that I’ll substitute collar bone is kinda off base. 

I’m NOT saying a woman should change her appearance for whatever reason, that’s NOT my argument. My argument is  that I would like women to recognize that their clothing choices do affect how they are perceived and that it’s perfectly natural for a dude to look at them. I’m saying that there is a misunderstanding  because I don’t believe that women have the same experience of thinking the vast majority of men, no matter what shape and size, are attractive like I know a lot of men think. 

It’s me more or less making the case that rather than pointing fingers and blaming EACH other, we should come to an understanding about our nature and find a solution that doesn’t demonize men’s attraction towards women while ALSO respecting a woman’s choice to wear what they want. 

When people say “men should stop seeing women as sexual objects” my first response is, “Well, it’s not like they consciously decide to do that. It’s ingrained in their genes.” and THAT’s OKAY. It’s okay for guys to think sexually about a woman based on their dress, it’s NOT okay to rape them. No one in the thread , certainly not me, has advocated any different.
Well no one finds anyone attractive because of the clothes they are wearing, they're attracted to the person wearing them. I'm sure you'd find a beautiful girl wearing jeans and a hoodie more attractive than an ugly woman wearing "sexy" clothes. It is all about perception and saying that it mostly depends on clothes is just stupid.
Yes, they do. Clothes can make a person attractive. A beautiful girl in a hoodie DOESN’T disprove what I’m saying. And no, I didn’t say that it MOSTLY depends on clothes, I’m saying clothes can have an impact. If you can admit that, then my point is proven. You are literally not arguing what I’m taking about, but strawmanning my argument to the point of absurdism.
And I'm saying that the impact that the clothes have isn't much considering the underlying workings of attraction and biology. I don't care if you find made up women more attractive when there are literally  millions of men who find more plain women much more attractive.
Lmao. That’s a BIG claim. I’m gunna need some source for that one. 

Also, I feel like you are still not talking about what I’m saying. We’ve gone off into a realm because you’re shifting the goalposts over and over again to try to pin me down on arguments I’m not actually making.
WHAT. I already said that i agreed with you, aren't you satisfied with it? I addressed your point and said, yes, it's true, but it doesn't really matter because attraction is much more complicated than that. I wasn't trying to debunk you in the first place, i'm just adding to the conversation and discussing whether this argument has a point or not. My theory is that it doesn't have a point because men will always be attracted to women regardless of clothing choices and it is okay and natural, as you've pointed out. You don't have to agree with me but you also don't have to accuse me of trying to pin you down when I've already agreed with you.
Your first post was a contention to my point. You were exactly trying to debunk me dude.  You argued a point that I never established and when I repeatedly said this, you continued your assault on my so called “position.”
Many women claim men are [put_any_derogatory_term_here], and many of those same women behave like [put_any_other_derogatory_term_here]...

So what? "Many" is not "all", many is not "most", "many" is not even really "many" when compared to the total number of men/women.
“Many women” in my workplace turn the heat up because they’re cold while wearing less than me and sitting more often for longer periods of time than me as well. The other 2 women who do the same thing I do at work are hot all the time (me as well) because the others feel the need to have appropriate temperature for sit down work. We lose this battle even though the colder ones can bring more clothing to wear whereas we cannot take off our lab coats etc. Point is, I can’t make the claim that women are being sexist towards me at work because that is who opposes me, rather, it’s entitled culture since the majority feel a certain way even though unfair. I wear scrub pants and casual T-shirt’s in my lab and are located near the children’s section of our Hosptial. I get lots of stares from women when I say hi and talk to little ones because being here is rough enough as it is as a patient, let alone a kid. That’s the sexism I deal with, I can’t try and cheer kids up without maybe raising a brow (I wear my ID out of the lab).
I agree this is sexism. I am a woman who is opposed to sexism against men and women. 

Women are naturally colder than men, but you are right, that those that are cold can wear warmer clothes, whereas those that are hot can only get so cool with clothing choices. All within reason of course. I worked for a guy that insisted on keeping the temperature at 50 where almost everyone was freezing, except for him.

I'm sorry about the treatment when you talk to kids too. That's not right either.

Hopefully, those that care about equality and justice can work together to advocate for fair and equal treatment of both sexes. Hopefully as a society we can move past this us vs them mentality to an us together as fellow human beings mentality.
As the minority woman in my office who is always on fucking fire temperature wise, I feel for you. I try to dress conservatively (business environment) but goddamn I’m sick of going home smelling and looking like I just ran a marathon. I have 4 fans on and around my desk. Not much help.
Interesting example considering most workplaces/schools/buildings are kept at a male bodies comfortable temperature. That's why women always say they are cold.
Out of the 2, which can people accommodate for? Put more clothes on or take more off?
Some people just want to be angry I guess. For the record I'm pro women's shoulder, I think women should be allowed to have shoulders, I think they should be allowed to have their shoulders exposed... Or not! It's up to those women to decide. Are they passing a law against this somewhere? What am I missing here?
It's not quite as clear-cut. I don't mind wearing a sweater, but having to put on a coat and gloves is a bit too much. And that's how the temperature was in some offices I've worked.
I wore a sweater and jacket through my entire college year and could not concentrate a lot of the times because I was shivering. (my bf was the same as he gets cold easily). I would say it definitely impacted my work. Its very cold here and takes hours for the body to heat up after being outside.
I honestly didn’t expect any positive feedback. I just wanted to give my work environment experiences and how sometimes I don’t think it a sex thing so much as a “majority rules” and you feel the brunt of the opposition. I don’t want to invalidate women whom are truthfully being treated unfairly also. We’re all trying to get through this together and we have to be willing to compromise on some work things. Generalizing just makes matters worse.
"Many" is a deliberate copout term. How many? What proportion? By what evidence do you make that claim? "Well I dunno it's just many! Why are you questioning me, you must be sexist".
I wear a winter north face fleece in my office in the hot summer. and I usually come in wearing pants / long sleeve shirts.

Summary:
Clothes can make a person attractive.
I’m not saying you CAN’T.
And no, I’m not saying that women should eliminate the distraction.
That's why women always say they are cold.
Attractive women will always be a distraction even if they will dress modestly.
I am a woman who is opposed to sexism against men and women.
I understand having a dress code for work.
I agree this is sexism.
I do however think that “plain” women are attractive when they dress up.
Also, I feel like you are still not talking about what I’m saying.
I'm attracted to women too but it does not distract me nor affect my ability to work.
I would say it definitely impacted my work.
It's up to those women to decide.
That’s why it’s a little unfair to penalize men and women because of their natural impulse to be distracted by the sex they are attracted to.
Clothes enhance and minimize your sexuality, that’s a fact.
I’m in the middle on this one.
And no, I didn’t say that it MOSTLY depends on clothes, I’m saying clothes can have an impact.
It’s okay for guys to think sexually about a woman based on their dress, it’s NOT okay to rape them.
Like “ what was she wearing?
Women should not be demonized because of the clothes they choose to wear just as men shouldn’t be demonized for being attracted and distracted by the beauty of women.
Did you even read the part where I say rape has nothing to do with how attractive someone looks?
