Original Response:
A lot of eggs are sticky, they could travel on birds and aquatic mammals.  Flooding could also allow fish to swim upstream.  This is neglecting fish introduced by man.  It would take a while but over thousands of years it could happen, getting closer to the lake, little by little.  Say a cormorant regurgitates some food for a chick and drops some eggs.
Surely the birds digestive juices would denature the eggs
The eggs tend to stick to, for example, the birds feet while swimming. As the bird flies to another pond or body of water the eggs detach from the bird and are released into the new body of water.
That makes sense yep
[removed]
Not disagreeing, just pointing out that while sticky fish eggs is a theory it does not appear to have been scientifically proven one way or the other.  I.E. These researchers were not able to find any scientific studies that had been conducted to prove the theory.
They do point out that it has been tested on aquatic invertebrates 

[Dispersal of Fish Eggs by Water Birds – Just a Myth?](https://www.unibas.ch/en/News-Events/News/Uni-Research/Dispersal-of-Fish-Eggs-by-Water-Birds-Just-a-Myth.html)

"Small lakes with a surface area of less than 100 m2 represent the majority of global freshwater ecosystems. Many of these lakes are found in remote, often mountainous areas with no inflow and outflow. Yet in most of these lakes, there are fish. So how do fish reach lakes and ponds that are not connected to other bodies of water?

This question was already addressed by some of the leading natural scientists of the 19th century such as Charles Darwin, Alfred Russel Wallace and Charles Lyell, who all came to the same conclusion – water birds must be responsible for fish dispersal.

And they had a plausible explanation for this: fish eggs of some species are sticky and can survive for some time out of water. The theory is thus that the fish eggs stick to water birds’ feathers or feet; the birds then fly from one body of water to the next, where the fish hatch from their eggs.


A study carried out by environmental scientists from the University of Basel has now shown that although the research community considers this to be a proven theory, no studies have been published to confirm it.

To objectively measure the lack of evidence, the Basel research team conducted a systematic literature review. The result shows that no in-depth scientific studies exist to prove that water birds disperse fish eggs.

To rule out the possibility that the unsuccessful search was due to their method, the researchers also used the same approach to look for evidence of the dispersal of aquatic invertebrates. In this case, they found numerous scientific publications supported by experiments and field studies."
It initially seems that the article is supporting the opinion/theory of water birds carrying the eggs, yet focusing on the fact that no studies have been done to prove or debunk that theory.  So the article offers literally no opinion and no explanation for the lack of opinion, ie: it is too difficult to determine which birds might come in contact with which species of fish egg, then track that bird, then find the isolated body of water in which the eggs are released, then track said, specific eggs to ensure they didn't come from another source, and then determine if the eggs are viable and if the species of fish hatched from those eggs are in an environment suitable to that species, etc.  Why not treat it like the theory of gravity?  Eggs and fish can't walk.  Therefore to occur in isolated water bodies they must be carried.  Barring humans hiking into the deepest mountain forests with home depot buckets full of Frye, or bears carrying pregnant fish from lake to like in a bucket brigade, seems birds are the most likely and only reasonable answer.
Here is an answer on this topic from archaeologist [Morley Eldridge](https://independent.academia.edu/MorleyEldridge)



In western North America, there is incontrovertible evidence that aboriginal people were stocking high mountain lakes. The anthropologist James Teit, a Franz Boas protégé, was married to a N’tlakapamux (Thompson) woman in the southern interior of British Columbia, Canada, during the late 19th century. A Scottish mountain man/rancher, he spoke several “Indian” languages fluently. He lived with aboriginal people while working as a packer and big game hunting guide. He was passionate about what we now call traditional knowledge, and wrote reams on this for the next 40 years. Here is a quote I found buried in a text where he rather tediously lists all the superstitions that regulated life after one’s spouse died (this is from memory as I am at home, I’ll edit to put the exact quotes in tomorrow _now done_):

pg 333 “If a widower transplanted a trout into another lake, before releasing it he blew on the head of the fish, and, after having chewed deer-fat, he spat some of the grease out on its head, so as to remove the baneful effect of his touch. Then he let it go, bidding it farewell, and asking it to propagate and become plentiful.”

pg 348: “Indians have a custom of taking live trout from lakes or streams, and transplanting them into lakes where that are none. Sometimes the fish propagate and become plentiful where introduced. The fish thus treated are supposed to be caught and handled by a person who is clean or not tabood….”

This was published in 1900 in “The Thompson”, a Jesup North Pacific Expedition publication from the American Museum of Natural History. It was written long before any economic claims of aboriginal people gained the legal and political significance they have now. Its not written in his sections on the economy, but in the section on birth, childhood, marriage, and death. He has several other references to this practice. Few other anthropologists spent sufficient time to gain the knowledge he had, and his work is exceptionally detailed.

While glacial isostatic depression or ‘fish rain’ might be possible explanations, its a much simpler and obvious explanation that they were carried live by people and over thousands of years, where environmental conditions allowed the fish to survive, they did. People are exceptionally clever at this sort of environmental modification.
Makes intuitive sense maybe yes, *but is a completely unproven hypothesis.*
[removed]
[removed]
Yup... difficult to prove too
I really like these quotes.  This should be higher. In my naïveté, I always just assumed that there was a time before the last ice age that most lakes would be connected by rivers or flooding in general.  Apparently it isn't that simple.
Given that birds constantly have to preen themselves, especially waterfowl to maintain the oils necessary for waterproofing, I find it  extremely unlikely that an egg would stick to a ducks leg longer than one or two cleaning cycles.

So an egg would have to survive that, getting dried out between lakes and somehow be in water at the time of hatching.

Unless there is evidence of it occuring, I think we should leave this as myth spread by the uninformed.
Maybe I'm oversimplifying, but this doesn't seem like a particularly difficult hypothesis to test.  Choose some birds, see if they fly between lakes.  If they do, that's step one. Step two is to occasionally capture some birds and examine their feet/feathers for some roe.  If some is found, great. That would lend credence to the possibility that viable eggs could be transferred from lake A to lake B. 

Another avenue, though, would be to study exactly what species of fish are more abundant.  Are the more pervasive species all helpful to humans, or are there many species of fish that humans don't use that are also spread around?  If it's the former, then the ancient human-dispersal hypothesis would hold water (ha!), but if it's the latter, the bird-dispersal hypothesis would be more logical.
These quotes are from [The Thompson Indians of British Columbia. Memoirs of the AMNH ; v. 2, pt. 4](http://digitallibrary.amnh.org/handle/2246/13) published April 1900.

The specific quotes are from around page 333 of the book.  

The link contains a PDF to a scanned copy of the book itself.
&gt;Barring humans hiking into the deepest mountain forests with home depot buckets full of Fry

But we in fact know this happens, there's no shortage of historical examples.  Though it was usually done before home depot buckets were around, they often used milk cans and similar tins in the 1800's for example.  Another good piece of evidence for this is that what you often find are trout...and trout are a fish people love to eat, and also a fish that does not have sticky eggs.
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence though.
Glacial lakes like lake Agassiz undoubtedly did spread fish over huge swathes of territory, they just aren't really the explanation for fish in isolated mountaintop pools
[deleted]
[removed]
Not at all. Seasonal overflows offer crayfish the opportunity to migrate up system, I've watched it in the jungle, they carry eggs under their carapace and could easily carry sticky fish eggs as well. The only other theory holding water is fresh-water mussel spawn stick to gills of stickleback fish as they migrate upstream during seasonal overflows, that's why you find these sessile species far up stream systems. But they have to stay wet and be oxygenated, and bird feathers repel water.
I would choose ponds frequented by birds, then introduce modified fish populations (some harmless genetic marker).  Continously harvest and check fish in nearby bodies for the offspring of those marked fish.

At the same time, introduce fish with a different marker in ponds devoid of aquatic or semi-aquatic birds, and look for the same result.  If your fish marked for propogation by birds spread and the others don't, it may be more likely.
That sounds like a nice experiment 

Have to keep away pesky humans though
The problem is that this might be a very very very rare event, which would be fine in thousands of years timescales, but not for this kind of study to be sucessfull.
Problem is that this could be an extremely rare event, but that over long time periods is still enough to explain how fish get to some lakes.
I see what you mean.  Could we instead create the conditions?  Artificial ponds, controlled fish populations of promising candidates, trained, trackable birds.  It might be doable efficiently, since fish can be grown in very controlled environments.

Accelerate the process by choosing species that procreate ideally and frequently, birds that are most suitable, and maximize exposure.  Try to show that different species of fish and birds DON'T transfer eggs.  If eggs or fish show up in control pond/s, you've found something suspicious.  You can compare it with bird tracking as well.
Certainly.  These have to be controlled ponds, ideally artificial or at least terraformed for our purpose (i.e. for our chosen fish, birds, stability, and reproduction).  Not impossible.  

In that sense, you wouldn't expect people to be introducing their fish into these ponds, and if they did, you wouldn't expect them to be those marked fish from your other ponds.  Another check is bird tracking.  If you can show that there were no tracked birds who had gone from another pond to that pond, you know it was contaminated somehow, however unlikely.
That’s a foolproof plan alright 
Now for part II .... 
*pleads for funding*
But yeah, interesting test, might take a long time to run though
Oh yes, a generous amount of funding.  The more favorable your region of testing, the cheaper it could be.
Indeed 
But the more likely it’s someone else’s favorable place for something else, sadly
[removed]
Good point.  That's where just creating ponds in areas accesible to your birds might be more efficient in some respect.
Yeah, just out of the way enough and no more 😂
The great thing about birds is that thry do most of the work for you because they can fly, and they already know where to go because it's what they naturally do.
The premise is that fish can be found in very remote lakes without inlet/outlet streams, though.  Certainly many lakes in the Adirondack region have been stocked by adventurous humans, but what of spring fed lakes and ponds in Oregon, Washington, Colorado, Alaska...areas where a hike-in stocking would take weeks of trudging and carrying and caring for fragile eggs or Frye? If you've ever flown over such wilderness, you'd see the impossibility of such stocking.  Even with today's technology the only way to stock certain lakes is via airplane.  Which would further support the bird theory, keeping in mind a trout carried by a bird of prey like an eagle, hawk or gull, could easily be dropped while carrying eggs, if initially caught from a nearby lake or stream.
I thought we were discussing water bodies without inlet/outlet streams, ie: spring-fed lakes or ponds.  Certainly any water body attached to another water body via river or stream has an explanation for the spread of species.
It's absolutely the case that people spent days hiking up into the mountains, or using mule trains, to get fish to remote bodies of water throughout the late 1800's and early 1900's in the mountain west.  Fish are also dropped by airplane. 

Here's an article on fish stocking in remote areas  https://thefisheriesblog.com/2012/01/16/high-sierra-trout-stocking/  and a map of the part of the sierra nevada that was historically fishless http://www.highsierrahikers.org/fig2fishless.gif

Also, trout don't carry fertilized eggs, so the "bird transport" theory for adult fish also requires both male and female fish to accidentally dropped into the lake at about the same time. 

However, it is worth noting that some apparently isolated bodies of water are actually connected during floods

Summary:
Yet in most of these lakes, there are fish.
So how do fish reach lakes and ponds that are not connected to other bodies of water?
Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence though.
Choose some birds, see if they fly between lakes.
Another check is bird tracking.
Fish are also dropped by airplane.
The result shows that no in-depth scientific studies exist to prove that water birds disperse fish eggs.
And they had a plausible explanation for this: fish eggs of some species are sticky and can survive for some time out of water.
Try to show that different species of fish and birds DON'T transfer eggs.
So an egg would have to survive that, getting dried out between lakes and somehow be in water at the time of hatching.
The premise is that fish can be found in very remote lakes without inlet/outlet streams, though.
If eggs or fish show up in control pond/s, you've found something suspicious.
