Original Response:
[deleted]
What is their reasoning for this?
Simply for making noise while they’re watching the footy- while they themselves do the same. My brother has mentioned before that since I’m a girl I don’t care as much about it as they do.
Sounds to me like a double standard. Girls get punished for being 'uncouth' and unladylike because people don't like it when you upset their ideas of what a 'good lady' should be. Men on the other hand, can swear because that doesn't upset anyones stereotypes.
I guess the women footballers aren't as serious about their jobs as the male footballers too...ugh.
Exactly. It’s so infuriating- especially since I love the sport and it’s a semi-final, and I want to watch my fucking team play, but they’ll shout at me if I go out there- they also seem to find some messed up strength in each other being men if that makes sense- my little brother wouldn’t feel confident enough to shout at me without my father there to cheer him on.
Ugh, such a double standard. Besides, would it even matter if you cared less than they do? Can only those who care most express themselves?
I say, put your younger brother in his place and demand respect. He's 14, he's young and impressionable. At this rate, he'll end up like your father or worse. Try to put your foot down on him.  

As an older sister myself, I know at a certain age, brothers may feel differently as they grow taller than you, or feel much closer with guys. But you have to make them understand that you still deserve just as much respect. It can be difficult. Some are easier than others. 

My brother had some moments when he was younger when he would think certain things like that, although not as bad, and I would nip it in the bud. He's 21 now and very respectful of women and I'm proud of the young man he's become. And he's told me that he's glad I had corrected him with those things before he grew into an asshole lol
Yeah see my brother is already at that stage, he’s taller and bigger than I am, and although he’s two years younger, he takes this as a sign that he can say what he wants to me. I try my best to put him in his place, but it’s proving to be very difficult because I think he’s already too far into his mindset to change it.
I put my 5 yrs younger brother in his place once growing up, totally worked... but only for his behaviour towards me unfortunately. He's still a shit to everyone else.
Yeah so let's pay them less and not show matches at prime time
My siblings and parents also made me feel second-class citizen for being a girl. They also made fun of every girly thing I did. Even though I left 13 years ago, it still carries over to my self image. It also made me a pretty outspoken feminist that wants to prove that women can do pretty much anything that they put their mind to. Case in point: I'm working in a STEM field, lived abroad for a long time and I'm doing extreme triathlons, while my brothers live pretty standard lives.   

What your father and brother do to you is a big deal emotionally and if you find yourself affected in a negative way, please find help.
If he touches you, tell him it's assault and you'll call the police.
Typical abusive behavior. Harkens back to Cinderella and Harry Potter living with the Dursleys.
[deleted]
Don't bother with him. Don't bother with any of them. They don't deserve you or your time when they have treated you like this. Focus on anyone else in your life that is good to you, focus on being good to yourself. And don't ever downplay what they have done to you for the sake of letting go so they don't have to apologize.
[deleted]

Summary:
I say, put your younger brother in his place and demand respect.
Don't bother with any of them.
My brother has mentioned before that since I’m a girl I don’t care as much about it as they do.
They don't deserve you or your time when they have treated you like this.
