Original Response:
what about the democratic voice of the people Doug?
He got voted in and was clear about the carbon tax in his campaign.  If people wanted this cash grab he would not be PM.
And Trudeau didn’t?
He sure did but opinions shift .  People are now getting a better feel of what the carbon tax is going to look like in our wallets (cost of living is already high).  So at least in Ontario people seem to be fine with killing a useless tax.

Let the fight begin versus Ontario and the feds.
Do you not want polluters to reduce output?
The carbon tax is implemented by the provinces. They can lower income or sales taxes by however much they generate from the cabon tax and the difference would now be that people and corporations have a monetary incentive to reduce emissions.

In Alberta 2/3 of households receive the maximum rebate, the average hit to a household is like $50 after the rebate. BC also has similar rebates. We have 2 provinces with real carbon taxes and the opponents seem to ignore what they're actually doing and argue hypotheticals.
My livelihood and cost of living is more important to me.  Technology now is infinitely cleaner than it was 25 years ago.  I think we need to wait for technology to catch up with our enviromental aspirations.

Impoverish Canadians for a tax that will have little to no effect on global GHG is not the way to go, especially when factoring China and the US.  A tax like this one will actually hurt our chances to adopt cleaner solutions.  The climate with change regardless of our actions and the money would be better spent adapting to global warming rather than trying to change the inevitable.
&gt;The carbon tax is implemented by the provinces. They can lower income or sales taxes by however much they generate from the cabon tax

Sweet summer child.

&gt;and the difference would now be that people and corporations have a monetary incentive to reduce emissions.

No, it just means everyone has less money to adopt cleaner solutions.  The cost of food, the cost of going to work of businesses to operate will be a huge wrench in people's lives, screw that.

&gt;In Alberta 2/3 of households receive the maximum rebate, the average hit to a household is like $50 after the rebate. 

Cost of living is already too high in Canada and people have to deal with shitry paperwort for the money that was ours in the first place, much fun.  Also remember, this tax is scheduled to keep increasing.

&gt;BC also has similar rebates. We have 2 provinces with real carbon taxes and the opponents seem to ignore what they're actually doing and argue hypotheticals.

The carbon tax will not survive the moment the government changes.  Enjoy this hand in your pocket while it lasts.
[deleted]
You say sweet summer child, but in this case the one complaining about that issue is the one who has to implement it. And also again I'll reiterate that we actually have 2 provinces with real carbon taxes, and here you are with your sweet summer child because of hypotheticals.
What is hypothetical is that a carbon tax will have any affect on emissions.  Australia sure didn't see a change when they had one.
&gt;Scientists across the world are in unison declaring we are not doing enough to curb emissions, yet your explanation is that technology will just keep up?

It will because it has, do you deny that our technology today is remarkably cleaner than  it was 50 or 25 years ago?

&gt;What kind of stance is that? How can you even remotely be certain? What knowledge do you possess of the progress of renewable energies and waste reduction that makes you confident in that?

It's a historical fact that things like cars and other human activities are cleaner today than it was in the past.  New cleaner technology is made available every year and making everything more expensive is pulling these things out of the reach of people.  There is more evidence that they are not effective as Australia's emissions went up after the carbon tax was introduced.  The USA is actually reducing it's emissions without a carbon tax (7% since 2005)

&gt;In what way does taxing emission not incentivize reduction in emissions? Please enlighten me here, becauae it seems pretty basic that if you make something more expensive it becomes less attractive, and that the market will seek alternatives more expedient ly. 

-"Hey honey wouldn't it be great if we could get rid of our old gas guzzler and buy a new car?"

-"It would, but with the cost of living and our already tough payments, we can't afford anything new right now so we'll  will have to keep our clunker for a few more years."

Companies are already investing in finding new ways to cut fuel use.  Aviation is sinking billions in developing new engines that have  barely 2 to 5% better fuel economy.  Rarely do people and companies burn fossil fuel for fun and it remains a necessity for the foreseeable future.

&gt;When you couple that with utilizing the capital to incentivize a transition to more efficient technology.... Like I don't see how its possible that it wouldn't impact things.

OK so you are taking people's money and forcing them to fill paperwork to get it back, awesome.  At best it will help the few at the expense of the many, especially hurting the poor and the already indebted middle class.

Summary:
The carbon tax is implemented by the provinces.
&gt;The carbon tax is implemented by the provinces.
What is hypothetical is that a carbon tax will have any affect on emissions.
We have 2 provinces with real carbon taxes and the opponents seem to ignore what they're actually doing and argue hypotheticals.
People are now getting a better feel of what the carbon tax is going to look like in our wallets (cost of living is already high).
