Original Response:
I believe it, and agree with it. Assault rifles too (and yes I know they are heavily restricted already, but seriously,  outside of military and assault teams, what argument does anyone have beyond "I like guns!!" )...
Assault rifles are not "heavily restricted", they're illegal. They have been for decades.

The biggest reason gun owners resist new laws that further restrict ownership is that in the battle of inches, we only lose ground. With very minor exception, gun control slowly erodes what gun owners are permitted to do with their hobby, and that ground is never regained. It doesn't help that, as usual, our hobby is being demonized and threatened again because of ignorance and fear over something we have been statistically shown to have almost no contribution to in the form of gang violence.
All firearm possession is unlawful unless you have a license. People who follow the law to get a license, who transport and store firearms as specified and who use them in a lawful manor aren't the problem. Criminals in possession of a firearm in an area not prescribed by the Firearms Act and Criminal Code are violating the law. What they are doing is already unlawful. Murder is already unlawful. Making extra hoops to jump through for the people willing to follow the law doesn't make the streets any safer. Police need to enforce the laws already written. This sort of nonsense lawmaking is just feel good pandering.
What category is an AR-15 in? I understand it's not considered an assault rifle by those in the know. But whatever category it belongs in, I support banning that category as well. Down votes aside, I still haven't seen a compelling argument on why to have legalized hand guns or other "assault type weapons" other than "I like my guns" ...
What is an assault rifle?
Its a small caliber semi auto rifle, basically comparable(although considerably lower powered ) to many rifles that have been ubiquitous as hunting tools in canada for decades. 

One shot per trigger pull, it is literally the exact same capability(semi auto, same caliber, size, etc) as the [Ruger ranch rifle](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/dc/Ruger_Mini-14_Ranch_Rifle.JPG) which is one of the most popular varmint/farm rifles in the world. The only substantial difference is an aluminum or black plastic stock vs wood, which changes nothing.
The AR-15 is Restricted, despite meeting all criteria for Non-Restricted.

Here's your compelling argument: I live in a free country and shouldn't have to justify why I 'need' something if I want to have it, and have met all legal criteria for it. If we start banning things  that have the potential for harmful misuse based on how much you 'need' it, you can say goodbye to a lot of the things you enjoy. 

Alcohol can go, it already kills more people annually tenfold than legal and illegal guns combined in Canada and you don't 'need' it. You don't 'need' your car either, there's perfectly good alternatives to get you around in the form of public transportation, and thousands are killed in crashes every year!

In 2016 we had 130 homicides committed with handguns in Canada. [This was considered an unusually high number that year, and 54% of them were directly related to gang activity.](https://www150.statcan.gc.ca/n1/daily-quotidien/171122/dq171122b-eng.htm) To put this into perspective for you, [you are on about equal chances of being killed by a handgun each year as you are to be struck by lightning.](https://www.canada.ca/en/environment-climate-change/services/lightning/frequently-asked-questions.html) With the majority of those handguns being illegally obtained, almost all of which are coming through native reserves along the US border, and being used by people without gun licenses in the first place, a total prohibition on handguns might cut down on a handful (well under a hundred, probably not more than 30) of homicides annually.

Restrictions on legal gun owners are not only targeting the wrong group of people, it's also political grandstanding to harvest votes based on fear and ignorance of real issues we face in the form of poor border security and gang presence in places like Toronto. Legal gun owners want illegal guns and gun violence eradicated at least as much as, but probably even more than you do. We also want to stop being the scape goat for politicians to blame so they don't have to tackle the messy issues of native reserve centered smuggling operations or gang violence.
1. Not a free country (I'm sure you know that), so the "I do what I want" argument doesn't hold water...
2. Your argument still amounts to "I like guns, don't take my guns!"
 3. Neither cars or alcohol have primary use cases of shooting people, but OK, I'm sure we can regulate them better...
4. I think you have your US and Canada lightning strike numbers mixed up, looks like significantly more likely to die by guns than lightning in Canada...
5. What if you include suicide and accidental deaths by guns, not just homicides? (Applies more to handguns)
Numbers got a bit messed up there, apologies for that...
1. You better believe I live in a free country.

2. Alcohol has no primary use for anything. Millions of Canadians each year use firearms to support their families via hunting, and hunting tourism is a multi billion dollar industry that has been part of Canadian history and culture for as long as we've been a country (and before that too).

3. I said 'struck' by lightning, not killed.

4. Suicides and accidental deaths make up the bulk of firearms related deaths in the country, but somehow I don't think you're concerned about what people are doing to themselves with their guns unless you feel you can use it to bolster your rhetoric that guns are bad.
You don't apply suicides to violent crime

That's dishonest argument  
Yes, suicides do make up the grand majority of firearm deaths, but that's a mental health issue, not a violent crime issue
I apologize for the confusion, I don't apply suicides to violent crime, but to the argument that less guns equal gun deaths. And would it prevent all gun based suicides, certainly not, but would it potentially reduce kneejerk reaction suicides, murder / suicides and accidental deaths...hard to imagine it not making an impact...
1. You do not live in a free country,  you live in a country governed by a set of laws created by and enforced ideally by a democratic process that ultimately evolves around social norms and generally accepted practises. "Free" in this country means "free within accepted legal boundaries"  and I for one, am very thankful for that.  2. I think, if you read up in my comments, you'd see that I support hunting...this is a very different discussion than hunting. 
3. My mistake, what's the comparison of hit by a bullet vs hit by lightning?
4. My position is less guns means less gun deaths...so suicide and accidental shootings would count in that, just doing my best not to cherry pick, so I would think that's relevant...how many licensed handguns end up shooting people, intentional or not? Actually and how does that compare with rifles, restricted weapons?...
&gt; Not a free country

WHAT AN EDGE LORD! 

Go find a more free country and try to be a little pain there
“I don’t know what it is but whatever it is I support banning it.”  You realize how uninformed you sound, right? Do you support banning all guns? Because an AR is pretty much as capable as any semi automatic rifle used by hunters, ranchers, farmers, acreage owners, surveyors and the list goes on. We’re not going to ban those guns so why ban one because it looks slightly different?
Not what people wanting to ban AR-15s think they are.
A bullshit nebulous term that comes from America's 1980s bill where the term was coined. I don't remember the bullshit qualifiers to it, the definition was created by politicians who've never fired a gun.
Assault rifles have a definition. You're thinking 'assault weapon' which is just a media term that means nothing other than 'scary gun'.
Lol, fair enough, i posed the question because public perception matters and in this case i know the ArR-15 is perceived as an assault rifle even though it is technically classified differently. Regardless of classification it is absolutely associated with military use and killing people, and as a result i completely support banning it. So essentially yes, because it is a little different under the covers, but very different in intent, i support banning it. Handguns in a similar vein i support banning from civilians. And at the end of the day, most Canadians are similar to me and would be considered uninformed, as you indicate i am. As such the argument for not restricting these weapons needs to be something better than "i want my guns, free country, its the same as a hunting weapon", because none of those arguments carry any weight with those of us not intimate with guns who very clearly put peoples lives ahead of a hobby that most of us believe should be satisfied by Call of Duty.

Summary:
What is an assault rifle?
You better believe I live in a free country.
Do you support banning all guns?
Not what people wanting to ban AR-15s think they are.
Assault rifles have a definition.
I understand it's not considered an assault rifle by those in the know.
What they are doing is already unlawful.
What if you include suicide and accidental deaths by guns, not just homicides?
