Original Response:
Hello everyone,

We have had a rather tumultuous week, and speaking for the whole moderation team, and hopefully many of you as well: We need to move forward together. 

* We as a moderation team absolutely do recognize that we should be working together in concert from the top to bottom. The whole team needs to be on the same page. The goal is, and has been, to keep this a welcoming community for newcomers as well as a home for all of us to discuss just about anything e-cig related. In that respect we need to make sure that our enforcement of any rules on the sub align with both the text, and spirit, of the rules posted in the sidebar.

* Doubling down on that same point, we have heard the outcry for further transparency and we will make our best effort to adhere better to the community's expectation for such. That is a platform we have maintained from the beginning, and one we will make every effort to adhere to more strictly going forward. That does circle back to an ever present solicitation for community feedback as well. If you as an individual user have thoughts for the moderation team, ways to improve the sub or things you feel should be addressed please reach out to us.

* There have been a number of requests made for the moderation staff to cease flairing posts as has been done in the recent past. At this juncture, we will not be flairing posts with "Shitpost" or "reddit is hard" any longer. The shitpost flair will remain for users to use as they see fit on their own posts. The "reddit is hard" flair will be going away.

* In light of recent events, /u/Sychophantom has voluntarily stepped down as a moderator. This was not a punitive measure, but a decision made by Sycho individually.

* This is a community, one where we all play a part. That does not mean we all must like one another, nor does that mean that we are all friends. That *should* mean that we all make an effort to treat one another with respect. We would like to look forward toward being able to put this drama to rest. For the community to exist at this size, there will be some conflict. That much is inevitable. We truly believe that things can be better handled, by both sides, on issues of this, or any, nature going forward.

With that I'd like to once again open the floor to you all. As we have done at several points in the past, and will continue to do, we would all like to hear your thoughts, comments, feedback, &amp; criticism. You can send us requests. Please remain assured that anything sent will be treated with utmost respect and confidence
Here's the problem that I have with this. This whole thing started with some of the people on the sub becoming aware that /u/Dong_Magnum and /u/_passafire_ had been banned sort of in the background with no explanation and nothing visible ever happening on the sub. This spurred /u/Magnum_Styled_Dong to post his weekly Fasttech Styled Digest with #freedong in the title.

From there all of this kicked off. The post was removed and the mods let it be known in the repost that any mention of freedong would be considered brigading, posts and comments removed, and bans issued. /u/Sychophantom was the most visible mod in all of this removing comments and issuing bans, so he sort of became the focus of the situation.

Now we come to my problem. The mod team has told us repeatedly that /u/Sychophantom was NOT the mod that banned /u/DONG_MAGNUM, effectively shadowbanned /u/_passafire_, or ultimately really banned passafire. So while /u/Lynda73 has said that she's actively investigating those bans and potential mod abuses we've been told that sycophantom has nothing to do with it. Therefore this is no resolution at all to the original problem. This is just the loudest, most obnoxious voice on the mod team being silenced for obvious rule breaking that he openly admitted to, but we still haven't even been told who was responsible for the original fuckery, let alone seen any kind of resolution to it. 

In other words, this is nothing more than misdirection.
I certainly hope you don't attribute my creating this post to some form of malicious intent.

Regarding both bans, they were decisions made as a collective between all of the regularly active mods. Both bans have been reversed at this time. That is your resolution. There is really nothing more to discuss regarding either ban.
So we went from serious allegations and protecting user identity to... Reversal? Sounds like a bullshit ban from the outset
&gt; Both bans have been reversed at this time. That is your resolution. There is really nothing more to discuss regarding either ban.

Respectfully disagree. If a situation is allowed to occur, resolving the occurrence doesn't resolve the situation which allowed it to occur in the first place. It's the difference between visiting the Emergency Room for a broken arm, and regularly visiting your doctor to deal with your Osteoporosis.
If they were a collective decision and were unwarranted then all of you are responsible.  In your first point you say you need to be working together and here you claim that you did in these decisions.  Not one of you has taken any accountability for the situation.  As a "collective"  you guys need to take responsibility for your actions and admit that you were wrong.  It's clear /u/Sychophantom was the worst but we can't let that detract from the other failures.
At no point have I tried to distance myself from any accountability I have for the bans.
except were left with mods who were ok with this behavior, though.  And that sits a little crooked right now. 

Why should we have to go on a crusade to get you to realize its not ok to ban people on a whim, remove posts, issue silly warnings, etc.  

THIS REMAINS NOT OK 

and now you will have eagle eyes on everything that happens, mistrust, second-guessing, etc.  

it doesnt just go away...as much as we all want it to.  


edit-I still get pms that should be going to the mods because they do not trust you.  I dont mind, but it may be important to note.
Bud you missed the point and are taking it personal.  If you are a "team" then you need to take responsibility as a "team".  The fact you used "I" in your reply is a perfect example of distancing yourself from the fuck up.  That's not how a team works.

Edit:  To be clear this is in no way personal to you.  You just happen to be the one fielding questions.  I would make the same statement to any other mod.
How about the fact that I got banned and unbanned last night for simply collecting and posting publicly available information?
If you collectively decided to ban them, and then unban them, clearly something is missing from the story. Why did you all do it and say nothing? Why are you attempting to sweep it away by focusing on a mod stepping down? The rest of you are still there. We're just going to take your word that this won't happen again? There's nothing transparent about this.

Perhaps a new administration is needed.
we're in full cover up mode, yo
I don't see it as malicious at all and hopefully you don't think I'm being combative. 

Comments like [this one](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/9f9lni/hold_the_phones_people_this_will_get_fixes/e5vcu2q/) are part of what make me think we aren't done talking about this. I think that warrants at least some explanation, because she sure makes it sound like at a minimum a chunk of the mod team was / is engaging in some shady behavior. 

There's also the fact that at this point /u/DONG_MAGNUM has not only been accused of sexual harassment, but he's been accused of engaging in sexual harassment beyond the borders of ECR and even beyond the borders of Reddit. It's even been suggested in other threads that the mods believed there was a real threat of physical violence from Dong towards his accuser. I'm not looking to dig through days of comments to find the links, but I will if I need to. Those are all things that have been openly stated in comments at this point. That deserves an ultimate explanation at some point. If it's true at this point I think we deserve to know it happened. If it's ultimately shown to be false I definitely think Dong's reputation deserves nothing less than an open statement saying it's not true.
Having met Dong IRL, he's as physically intimidating as Pauly Shore
damn i know the post got nuked but ffs
Yep.  This shit is getting pretty old.
Exactly why were they banned? If it was a collective decision then tell ecr.

&gt; Both bans have been reversed at this time. That is your resolution. There is really nothing more to discuss regarding either ban

This doesn't sound like a statement from a mod team that wants to be more transparent.
Combative may be an overstatement in what I read into it.

Done, perhaps not. Lynda's investigation has not yet been shared with me. I felt it best at this time to issue a statement to make sure everyone knows that we are making efforts to better align ourselves with the user's expectations and to silence the recent drama surrounding Sycho so that speculation on that could be reduced.

As Lynda has made it clear elsewhere it may as well be candidly stated here, yes. That is the nature of the accusations. You can find her full brief on such in her thread from yesterday. I'd link it but I'm on mobile. I see no reason why we couldn't make a further public acknowledgement of our error if that is indeed what is concluded.
Right? It's the exact opposite. I really hope they made that statement knowing how shady it sounded. If they didn't, wow.
Let them eat cake...
Honestly, we should have 8 mods with 8 tags on in here.  I appreciate you taking the nose on this again.  

Forums are tricky things to lead. Some things work and some things do not.  Everyone in the small room is learning about this.  Which is my sincere advice.  Listen to US, not just me.  Learn from the group here and allow them to help you be better leaders.  We won't just blindly allow the mods to dick with us.  There are way too many people here on full alert.
If you're going to ban users, and then as soon as they get any push back, unban them, what warranted it in the first place? If there's enough reason to ban, then it shouldn't be up to debate, but if you cannot stick to your convictions because you're getting questioned for said decision, it makes the ban seem all the more personal. If there was ACTUAL evidence, then there wouldn't be any reason to reverse it.
The member of our team who reversed the bans has not been active in any discussions with the rest of the team, nor the sub as a whole, for a fair bit of time. It is my supposition, as they haven't been active since, that they chose to act independently has opened matters up for a broader discussion between the team as a whole.
&gt;any mention of freedong would be considered brigading, posts and comments removed, and bans issued. 

Uh oh. No one told me...
Respectfully, if there is a person who felt threatened and you're not them, you don't get to make that call.
Are you saying you feel the bans shouldn't have reversed in the first place?
https://imgur.com/a/aFSGaSm

Also muted once I responded to the mods.

I also respectfully disagree with the reason behind the ban
 which was that my post was a targeted attack/promoting harassment.

I'm completely in disbelief after ALL OF THIS that a mod read my post last night and believed an acceptable response was to delete it, ban me, and silence me.

Surely nothing has been learned in all of this in that case.
I am saying that no discussion nor exchange of evidence was had with the moderator who reversed the ban. I will allow Lynda's further investigation inform my opinion further irrespective of my opinion preceding.
So what you're saying is this post is a misdirection?
Not yet anyway.  I have faith in /u/lynda73 though.  It's still the workday and I know she was up super late sorting through this. I know a couple of the mods are very good people and don't care for this part of the job.  They would rather focus on other aspects and behind the scenes stuff and have been immensely helpful to us.  Especially the one who lifted your ban.
Agreed.
You're not wrong, but I think the point is that everyone who knows dong is surprised by this. Sure, it may be true - sure, someone may have interpreted something a certain way - but it's not like there is a history of shifty behavior with dong, it's not like there have always been whispers or rumors and such. It's just very odd.
honestly at this point i think only course of action is for her to clear the roster and start over.  they just don't get it.  this whole response is pure bullshit and far from transparent.
bro i’ve got like a foot on pauly shore
I wouldn't insult the intelligence of the users at large in that fashion.

This was meant to shed light on what has been done thus far and what has been decided in our path forward.
but you're a weasel
As I said above, I think it's a "trust, but verify" situation. You're ban was only lifted because of the amount of attention garnered from the jump. However, it was lifted. There certainly is not unity yet, but /u/Forment_Life was my first PM last night, and they were engaged, and helpful. I think this post is a geniune one. And a good resolution going forward. I'm not sure the past will ever be hashed out fully.
You can hit this with removeddit and take a looky, or just take a look at the mod response in the thread:

https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/9dxg0k/the_fasttech_styled_digest_91_97/

Also here was the original that was removed almost instantaneously:

edit for clarity, this thread was removed "By the automoderator due to number of reports" &lt;-- this is what I was told, but I didn't see the automod logs on it, so I can't speak to the truth of that statement from the mod who PM'd me.

https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/9dwxta/the_fasttech_styled_digest_91_97_and_freedong/
No, this post has little to do with ban reversal. The comments are trying to make it about bans, but this post is primarily about handling of moderation going forward.
It would be dishonest of me if I didn't admit that I have personally sexually harassed /u/DONG_MAGNUM in front of many many witnesses.
Wow i stopped paying attention to that thread after the repost.  Figured it was related to the dong issue.  That there is seriously flimsy reasoning in regards to a vendor.  also highly doubt he spoke to admin.
I doubt it as well, but I'll still abide by the 9:1 anyways.  I usually do since I try to be helpful around here and not just posting a Digest and leaving for a week at a time, but life gets in the way sometimes and I don't make the number of posts.
you did grope me the first time we met. MODS!!!
yes we appreciate it.  i too hold a doctorate in fasttech but don't have the time to browse all the new shit.  they're great posts.
And we appreciate it, but the wasp nest has already been kicked. I understand we've got to wait until you guys work it out, but until you do there's going to be a lot of unrest.
I can respect that.

I do think it's important to demonstrate that while we aren't out of the woods yet, we are listening, and we are working on it.
Within hours of meeting him I was watching him sleep like a baby in a lazy boy chair. He got tuckered out after showing me around the city.
I'm also pretty sure in the original thread that it was made clear that the bannings were not made by a consensus with at least one or two mods if not more saying as much.
Is this why the guy was driving recklessly through the Walmart parking lot yelling and holding up a bible?
&gt; Why should we have to go on a crusade to get you to realize its not ok to ban people on a whim, remove posts, issue silly warnings, etc.

Its the norm on the interwebs?

&gt;THIS REMAINS NOT OK

True, its kind of why you get things like alt accounts, spam, flooding, dos, ddos, hacking.
&gt; Forums are tricky things to lead. Some things work and some things do not.

Adapting to the general consensus. I don't mean the general consensus of a mod team, I mean the whole forum. It is a community.
Why do you even have to abide by that? It's a service you perform for the community. You don't work for fasttech. Fsd is one of the best things on this sub
I don't make the rules boss.  I can't confirm if an admin was contacted or not, and I don't want an account ban for no reason. 

So unless I get confirmation from a mod that I don't have to follow the rules, I'll follow 9:1 without question.
Eh oh well. Thanks for sorting by new on fasttech so I don't have to! I still check 3f every week but that's much less tedious. Seriously thanks for your contributions here. Navigating through all the drip tips alone would drive me crazy.
That's a pretty big problem, then. If you're going to have a discussion between mods, then *all* mods need to have access to or at least be invited to that discussion. You can't have a split in the mod team.
[Here at the bottom it shows removed by automod, too long ago to dig through the mod log](https://imgur.com/a/DPk8dXV)
Hey thanks, I specifically didn't mention the mod who sent me that PM to avoid stirring up more shit.  You didn't have to go back and grab this, but thank you for doing it anyways :)
Pretty sure you were banned by sychophantom and then unbanned once it was brought to mods' attention that he banned you.
[All done incorrectly, and was reversed.](https://imgur.com/a/LhHi4Qw) 
They are no longer a mod, so we know they won't do it again.

Disclaimer: I do not think it is wrong to post this screeny because he did not make his username private when replying or taking action.
No, the ban was lifted because it was too heavy-handed. Sycho felt brigaded, and he kinda was, but silencing everyone that was upset about things was not the answer. It wasn't right that dogmods was banned. That's why the ban was lifted.
[Go figure](https://imgur.com/a/LhHi4Qw)

Disclaimer: I do not think it is wrong to post this screeny because he did not make his username private when replying or taking action.
No worries, we are trying to work with the community as best we can. We want to be an open book, as long as it doesn't violate someone else's privacy. We are discussing how to do so. If you have any questions about mod actions, just ask. If we can reveal without disturbing someone else, we definitely will. If you have a post removed, hit up the mods now, you should not be getting any more smart-assed answers that don't help for doing so.
I definitely agree.
Yeah but you got dope Arabic gum
i ran out :-(

Summary:
I would make the same statement to any other mod.
they just don't get it.
That's why the ban was lifted.
That's not how a team works.
I think this post is a geniune one.
Both bans have been reversed at this time.
If it's true at this point I think we deserve to know it happened.
No, this post has little to do with ban reversal.
We are discussing how to do so.
There is really nothing more to discuss regarding either ban.
If you are a "team" then you need to take responsibility as a "team".
&gt; Both bans have been reversed at this time.
You don't work for fasttech.
I don't make the rules boss.
There is really nothing more to discuss regarding either ban

This doesn't sound like a statement from a mod team that wants to be more transparent.
The comments are trying to make it about bans, but this post is primarily about handling of moderation going forward.
There's nothing transparent about this.
I am saying that no discussion nor exchange of evidence was had with the moderator who reversed the ban.
Regarding both bans, they were decisions made as a collective between all of the regularly active mods.
Why did you all do it and say nothing?
You're not wrong, but I think the point is that everyone who knows dong is surprised by this.
Thanks for sorting by new on fasttech so I don't have to!
If you have a post removed, hit up the mods now, you should not be getting any more smart-assed answers that don't help for doing so.
