Original Response:
Follow the Indians on visa's, find the illegal work practices.
It's more accurate than science.
Sad but true tbh.

I'm my uni days I was looking for casual work. I stroll into Domino's and they offer delivery work  "we pay $10 an hour, you use your own car and all car expenses are on you. We normally get international students but they go home this time of year." Less than minimum wage, and car expenses which so probably half my actual wage wow what a deal.

Pizza hut paid $5.xx per delivery with a minimum payment of 2 deliveries per hour. Same story with car expenses. I'm good thanks. 

The only job in my life where you get called an hour after casually walking in asking if you want the job.
At that rate, you're nearly losing money.
Nothing nearly about it.
Also Dominos paid per delivery, about $1.75 when I worked there, Pizza Hut was the worse.  The $1.75 didn't really cover car expenses.
but such good exposure. and builds character.
Cleaning, car washes, 711, supermarket trollies, logistics/distribution.... concentrated cohorts wages rip off! Blind Fred should be able to see these operations but they dont.
Builds your character for being homeless and freezing your balls off sleeping on the street.
Well I was at friends place in East Brunswick in Victoria. The local Dominoes charges $8 dollars for every Pizza. So for 1 kilometre of travel distance they wanted to charge 80 dollars for 10 pizzas. Now if thats not a rip off I dont know what is. Then to hear that they ripping off their staff its even more disgusting. I wont be buying from them ever again.
How many car washes do you think are all paying award wages? Zero or zero?
I'm an Indian who came to Australia in 2016 tried to find a job and someone suggested try Bubba Pizza the franchise was owned by Indian guy and he told me for starters he'll pay me $12PH plus $1 for delivery in my car. I started working on Monday and got in talking to a Australian white guy who was paid $17PH and once i realised he was exploiting me i finished my job on Friday and drove to my cousins place in Lake's entrance over night from Melbourne. The owner called me but i didn't even reply him with "I quit" and he understood i was not coming back. Fortunately couple of months down the line i got a Residential Advisor job in a unilodge with proper pay and stuff. I wanted to report that guy to Fairworks but i didn't have any proof or paperwork so i just gave up.
Student visas really need to be looked at, the flood of labour they bring is driving down wages well below minimum wage for a lot of traditional 'student' jobs.

Summary:
The $1.75 didn't really cover car expenses.
Also Dominos paid per delivery, about $1.75 when I worked there, Pizza Hut was the worse.
I'm my uni days I was looking for casual work.
