Original Response:
“Its shipments to Europe have continued to ramp up, however, as a result of *reduced freight costs and a Canada-European Union free trade agreement that came into effect in 2017*, allowing Canadian corn to enter Europe without tariff.”

I’m all for bashing Trump, but here is the real reason.
It's not the "real reason"

There are multiple factors.

When Canadian corn became 2% cheaper in 2017 many probably didn't bother looking for new suppliers because the cost of changing supplier was outweighed by the savings.

When Canadian corn is suddenly 15% cheaper it's a whole different ball game.
[removed]
[deleted]
Action causes reaction, don't try to turn it around. I'm pretty sure this will happen at the end though simply due the lack of self reflection.
Very arguable they made the free trade deal when they realized they couldn’t trust usa anymore. You know, because of the trade war
The trade deal was in the works long before trump came around.
Yeah, probably. Probably still became more of a priority after trump. I know that Brazilian trade deals that we’re dead in the water suddenly gained impetus after trump (not that it helped- out political situation was so bad that we didn’t manage to cross the finishing line with them)

Personally, doubt it’s a coincidence so many trade deals were suddenly finished after trump
No, negotiations concluded in 2014 for CETA, it just went into effect in 2017 which was part of the original timeline. The trade deal had nothing to do with Trump. The current surge in orders is because of Trump, because even with a trade deal in place Canadian corn was probably more expensive or on par with American corn before the tariffs.
Hm... I guess the timing is a coincidence then. Do you know about the Canadian-australia, Australia-eu, and México-eu one? Were they already in the works before? Or “merely” this one? All I know is this year I saw a lot of news about free trade agreements, and it seemed to me like it’s related to trump (allies diversifying trade partners because they can’t rely on an unreliable trade partner)
I can’t speak to other but I’m sure many have been inspired by his antics and because he basically asked the rest of the word to move on from the US. I know several of the EU trade deals have been in the works for years because everyone wants to get one in place. I know Canada and China have been working on a few for years. 

I think these sorts of deals are just very attractive and smart for countries right now, diversifying trading partners to reduce reliance on one major partner. A sort of governmental trend .
Canada and the EU negotiated this agreement before Trump was even in office. Your poor grasp of proper English grammar and completely vague claim make it difficult to believe you have any understanding of the situation.

Are you East Asian or Russian?

Summary:
The trade deal had nothing to do with Trump.
The trade deal was in the works long before trump came around.
I know Canada and China have been working on a few for years.
