Original Response:
The one that really gets me is Golem world boss.  The WP is about 30 steps away from the fight but people STILL would rather just lay on the floor dead.  I know the boss melts in like 5 seconds but still.
Its always hilarious doing golem when it doesnt melt immediately and you get to watch the floor kill everyone faster than you can blink.
My other favourite is when people keep meleeing it even after I and others tell them to stand on the stairs to not get electrocuted. (And they obv keep going down, people keep ressing them, they say ty, and go back to melee...)
People are lazy af to open the map and WP they prefer someone to F them

In general pve in this game since the beginning is training people to be lazy so
You can melee it if you watch the tell on the floor.  Course, it's subtle and easy to miss.
It's actually pretty visible nowadays, but it ticks once before the main effect actually renders. IIRC it can also crit which will be enough to oneshot a full zerk ele.

No excuse for those who eat 3+ ticks without even reacting though, or the folk who stand in the ice at Claw of Jormag.
&gt; when it doesnt melt immediately

I once failed a Draconis Mons dragon duo because from the 10 people who were fighting it, 7 lay around dead during the last 10-15% HP. And when most of the platform is a danger zone already, you don't get to do that much dps to the boss ... but since all those dead people lying around scaled the boss up, we didn't manage to kill it before the timer ran out.
Before the effect starts to tick, though, there's a rather subtle, easy-to-miss spark that crosses tiles about to light up.  If you get used to that, you can pretty easily stay out of the sparks.  I'd say it needs to be more visible tbh, but it's good practice for paying attention to mechanics.
Yeah, good luck seeing that when you're actually meleeing and not just camping longbow/mes GS at 600 range. Buffbot chrono produces 3+ glowing visuals on pitiful sword autos (swipe, impact slash, generic damage visual) but a lethal attack just blips up on the ground in a few random places.
Well, I did say subtle.  Not impossible.

Summary:
Well, I did say subtle.
You can melee it if you watch the tell on the floor.
