Original Response:
Say what you want about the Arizona Coyotes, but I believe in their current state, they're a team on the rise.  However, I think it would be better for the league and the sport as a whole if they won the 2015 lottery and selected McDavid.

Why?

* Edmonton had too many fucking chances and they bumbled most of them.  Why should they keep getting rewarded for failure?  They're a fucking shit show, and it's a disgrace that they keep getting top picks and not using them to turn their franchise around.  Look at my beloved Florida Panthers, yes we've sucked for a long time, but things are turning around, because we used those high picks to, ya know, actually field a competitive team.

* A generational talent like Connor McDavid would have been a godsend for a struggling franchise like Arizona.  Just imagine how much more popular the team would have gotten overnight.  Also, I believe Mr. Chayka would have been able to build a competitive team around McDavid.  Chiapet is doing a real hack job in Edmonton, letting McDavid rot away surrounded by scrubs.

* The Golden Knights are my Western Conference main.  It's sad that the Battle in the Desert doesn't mean anything, although it may this year.  By the time the Knights joined the NHL, a McDavid-led Coyotes in their third year would have been an instantly fierce rival.

* I'm not a Coyotes fan, or a McDavid fan, rather I'm a fan of seeing the sport grow.  Arizona is finally gonna be a good team, and I'd love to see them succeed and finally turn the corner.  However, I feel that they were cheated of a golden opportunity to acquire a future legend like McDavid, and it would have been infinitely better for both the league and the growth of the sport if Arizona had the ability to take McDavid.

EDIT:  Grammar.

EDIT:  Loving the downvotes by ass-pained Oilers fans. :D
Proof the lottery is not rigged.
Agreed. If it was rigged Mcdavid would be in Toronto and Matthews in Arizona. Although maybe that’s just what they want us to think. Change what would be obvious rigging to make the less obvious rigging go unnoticed.
I feel like the contrary is true. The NHL is not some altruistic organization designed to bring us fair and competitive hockey. They're a multibillion business, they don't leave everything to chance.
All of this was so no one complains when the Habs get Lafrenière ^^^^^^^/s
Thank you, Vince McMahon
The NHL has billions of dollars BECAUSE they're an organization designed to bring fair and competitive hockey
If they rigged it McDavid wouldn't be in Toronto. Toronto is going to make money regardless of the roster. They would rig it to help the teams that's struggle with ticket sales.
Playoff tickets are still ticket sales we sold a bunch of none of those for a while.
You forget the leafs were garbage for over a decade. Give them a homegrown generational superstar and that will make more money for the league then him going anywhere else. Between sponsorships and being the face of one of the largest franchises, playoff tickets which hadn’t happened in a while and both playoff and regular season tickets would likely go up even more in price as a result. Then you have TV deals as Toronto would be even more desirable for networks to show on TV which leads to more advertisement money. Oh and after all that you have merchandise sales of which would likely break hockey records due to Mcdavids skill, hometown and leaf fan base. All of that gives more money to the league than say Arizona getting a couple thousand more fans in their stadium. Now obviously it would help Arizona as a franchise more than Toronto as they might actually end up profitable for once and Toronto doesn’t need the money. But financially the league benefits way more from Toronto having him than Arizona.
You're forgetting the exchange rate. Canadian teams don't make nearly as much money for the league because of it. One of the reasons why Quebec is very unlikely to get a team any time soon.
https://www.statista.com/statistics/193744/operating-income-of-national-hockey-league-teams-in-2010/#0

This shows that there is 5 Canadian teams in the top 15 in operating income and 3 in the top 10 and that’s all after exchange rates. The myth that Canadian teams don’t make money is ludicrous. They are some of the most profitable teams in the league year after year even after conversion to $US

Edit: and none of the teams in the negative are Canadian either. They all turn a profit after exchange.

Summary:
If it was rigged Mcdavid would be in Toronto and Matthews in Arizona.
Canadian teams don't make nearly as much money for the league because of it.
If they rigged it McDavid wouldn't be in Toronto.
They would rig it to help the teams that's struggle with ticket sales.
They all turn a profit after exchange.
