Original Response:
What's the difference between regular witchcraft and 'extreme' witchcraft?
roller blades.
It all depends on what you consider witchcraft. Wiccan is Witchcraft but it’s also a religion focused on White Magic. The witchcraft your thinking of focuses on Black Magic. Which encompasses putting Curses, and Hexes on people.
THIS^
And you're down voted for a succinct answer to the question.
Don't forget the Mountain Dew.
It's kinda mentioned in the article. Magic spells of sexual consent vs. magic spells of sexual molestation.
Downvoted by **black magic**.
More laser beams.
But magic isn’t real. So none of that shit matters. It’s like we’re trying to act like it’s Salem up in this thread. (Btw I’m not disagreeing with you or addressing you. Just adding my opinion on this post).
sacrifical rituals
fruit boots
[I cast Magic Missile at the darkness!](https://youtu.be/-leYc4oC83E)
You do it whilst climbing Everest, or sometimes swinging from trees in the Amazon
I think magic is propaganda. It works like ...
[removed]
Suddenly becomes sexy witchcraft.
You know, magic is as real as the people believe.  Sometimes societies and the individuals composing them take for granted what they believe.  Its, in large majority, magical thinking. 
But they believe it stems from rationality.  It reallly just stems from "he/she said" or, in other words...an illusion.  A lie.    A noble one sometimes, other times ignoble.  

Example:  9/11 was a noble deception (magic) for some satanic group and from the people perspective, ignoble deception (magic) in which our senses were bombarded with imagery and lie upon lie until viewers (voyeurs) were terrorized into submission.  An extended magic trick performed over the air waves just as Satan ordered.  

Semantically, im suggesting we define magic as an attempt to deceive.  It all comes down to that in one way or another.
The torture, rape, and murder of children.
If quantum entanglement is a thing, and people are pretty much energy conduits, then magic or being able to influence people could be a thing.
African American magic, apparently.
Dead children
[deleted]
It's become clear to me just how little we understand about this place we exist in. I'm starting to think anything that can be imagined is real. Since our minds are of this place, how can they imagine something that literally couldn't be?

At this time when we are so sure of our grasp on the nature of reality, we may be at our most ignorant in a way. The universe loves irony.
Extreme would be putting hexes on people and probably some animal sacrifices. Shit like that
[deleted]
Like you have any fucking idea if it's real. You don't believe that it's real. But who the hell are you? You're nobody
Settle down and roll your d10 Bartlesby!
[deleted]
Extreme is like Witches Gone Wild. Regular is Harry Potter, study-hard Hermione style witchcraft
"Who be ma next vectum?"
Ah yes. That classic ebonic pronunciation of victim. Readily heard...um...nowhere. Nice try though.

AbramothafuckinCadabra would have sufficed and came off less like the racist goblin you likely are.
You said this really well. "Certainty" isn't possible in an analog system where the number of variables is literally infinite. We choose which of these variables are important enough to include in our decision making and ignore the rest.
And kittens too.
Sacrificing kittens
You spelled magick wrong.
Sacrificing chickens vs sacrificing humans...
That's both brilliant and chilling.
Beyoncé is a Slytherin confirmed
Nice boots, buttercup.
Witchcraft is witchcraft is rebellion.
... I'm sorry, and I upvoted you because that was really pretty, but I hate that. Words mean things. Defining magic as "an attempt to deceive" is so incredibly vague it practically takes away all the meaning of the word. Makes it so that if you lie to your boss and say you're sick that day but you're actually just hungover, congratulations! You've done magic!
The downvotes are telling. Of what, I dare not say.
[removed]
Chilliant.
I say "magic" is simply the means by which will manifests to reality. Whether that's by bartering inherently worthless metal or strips of paper, by written "spelling", or by physical effort it's all magic IMO.
our minds cannot imagine a new color despite the fact that there are definite more colors. our minds are strange but I don't think that everything imaginable must exists.
But you can imagine that possibility, or in this case, proven fact. I don't see how that negates what I said.
imagine the possibility is not the same as actually imagining a actual color. just saying I can imagine a flying spaghetti monster, but that  doesn't mean that it absolutely has to exist
That's a little specific, but it could possibly be created. I was thinking about more general things. Faster than light travel, aliens ect. Or in this case, "magic."
well if magic would exists we would call it science.
And that's what I'm getting at. We put far too much faith in what we think we already know, and people in general assume we've got it all figured out. We've only scratched the surface in reality, but that doesn't stop us from arrogantly dismissing anything that doesn't jive with what is already commonly accepted as fact.
I was thinking more along the lines of child sacrifice
In this case she's accused of using witchcraft to tap a phone. 

That's really hard to do. I mean even if you accept that witchcraft can manipulate the physical realm in the first place, to actually be able to tap a phone with it is like... (cue 1990s rock riff).... *extreme witchcraft*.
Brilling
X-TREME!
Surfbort
Nimbus 2000 vs a Firebolt
&gt;But magic isn’t real

sawing people in half magic isnt, but the power our consciousness holds over this universe is
Backup dancers.
Spirit Cookin
Russel Brand? Sorry, watching too much Ballers lately.
Right now I'm sitting in the mountains of north Idaho sending you a message on a handheld device that has access to most human knowledge. Seems like magic to me.
&gt; It's become clear to me just how little we understand about this place we exist in. I'm starting to think anything that can be imagined is real. Since our minds are of this place, how can they imagine something that literally couldn't be?
&gt; 
&gt; 

I have thought about this for along a time. When an idea is formed, it never really is destroyed. It can lose aspects of its core, and people can't ignore and never speak of it but as soon as it enters existence, it is always with us.
Black magic is not all curses, any magic you do for gain, power, ect is considered black magic
I consider WiFi to be magic. Think about it. You can’t see,feel,hear, or smell WiFi but it’s there. And the capabilities of WiFi being able to remotely control objects over vast distances if it’s set up right is very mystical. Magic is the same thing can’t see,feel,hear, or smell magic but  it’s there.
But... ugh... you kind of did. You created the illusion that you are ill in the reality of your boss's perception by acting out the effects of being ill - a deception.
How sh!tty this sub got now that it has a higher concentration from the GA refugees.
And I would strongly disagree that an illusion = magic. That's like... I don't know, there's a reason they call what professional illusionists do "stage magic". Because it's not REAL magic. There's just something about the idea that every illusion and deception is "magic" that makes the writer in me squirm.
Sure I see your point.  I think I partially agree.  But the example I used suggests a different ramification than a white lie to your boss.  I suppose the effect needs to reach a threshold before id start being interested in analyzing something through the *metaphor* of magic.  We think in metaphors and use them to help understand complex events.  Use it if it helps.  

But I would highly suggest you start using the metaphor of magic for deception because it emphatically helps.  And if you dont think so, there are many sources to point to.

(This is besides the fat that the perpetrators of events such as 9/11 may have very well invoked ritual and magic when planning)
Witch doctor, diablo 3 phrase, right?
Woosh. It's from a game. Strong defense for your perceived injustice, though. Nice try.

Summary:
I think magic is propaganda.
I consider WiFi to be magic.
You know, magic is as real as the people believe.
I was thinking about more general things.
The witchcraft your thinking of focuses on Black Magic.
I'm starting to think anything that can be imagined is real.
You don't believe that it's real.
imagine the possibility is not the same as actually imagining a actual color.
Seems like magic to me.
Because it's not REAL magic.
And I would strongly disagree that an illusion = magic.
Its, in large majority, magical thinking.
Witchcraft is witchcraft is rebellion.
I say "magic" is simply the means by which will manifests to reality.
But I would highly suggest you start using the metaphor of magic for deception because it emphatically helps.
