Original Response:
I am really liking this new attitude Woodley has.
What do you consider a new attitude?

Genuine question. He fought 4 times in a calendar year I believe
I believe he is referring to at the post fight press conference where Woodley said “I’m not going to call for money fights anymore, I’m going to give the fans what they want”
You are correct, good sir.
He's not calling for money fights. Thats the new attitude.
New attitude? He’s been an active champion who’s fought anyone he’s been asked to
And he has also fought EVERY TOP CONTENDER as a Champ. . . People just like to complain. .  .
Yes but he was kicking and screaming all the way to the octagon each time.
Thank you

It really pissed me off when he campaigned for Nate Diaz

I like Woodley but man that angered me
idk what you were smoking lmao.
Esp when this is where you call for a guy like Diaz lol. Didn’t he just win the title then call out Nate?
Same here. If he beats another challenger or two the money fights will be there for him.
I hope so. He deserves it.
The man was calling out Nate Diaz just over 6 months ago.
[deleted]
He fought the top contentious AFTER trying to get money fights and being turned down every time, he won the title and then called out fucking nick diaz ffs.
Won the title then called out Nick and GSP. When asked about wonderboy (Who was fresh off beating Rory) he said wonderboy can fight Robbie. Not the smartest business decision someone’s ever made.
Idk if he got Ppv points for 205 or not but if he did that was a money fight even though it was against the real number 1 contender.
Because Wonderboy was saying that he was gonna fight Robbie for the title after Robbie's fight with Tyron, completely disregarding the idea that Tyron could beat him.
He said Wonderboy could fight Robbie because Wonderboy had been talking a lot in the media as if it was a given that Woodley was going to lose. The UFC even promoted Wonderboy during fight week and put Wonderboy on during Woodley's post fight show interview. Shit was completely disrespectful and Woodley through out Nick and GSP's names followed by the "you can fight Robbie" as a fuck you to Wonderboy
Bisping won the title and called out Hendo. . . People cheered. . . Khabib won the title and called out GSP. . . People cheered. . . Cejudo won the title and called out Dillashaw lol . . . .Lets get real . . EVERYBODY DOES IT!. . . But Woodley is black  . . .
If I hated all those money fight callouts does that make me racist against everyone?
&gt; he said wonderboy can fight Robbie

Context. He said this as a dis to Wonderboy. Wonderboy said something like that he was excited to face Robbie even though he was fighting Tyron. Tyron was basically saying, then fight Lawler.
&gt; Bisping won the title and called out Hendo. . . People cheered

&gt;Cejudo won the title and called out Dillashaw

Almost nobody liked these things. Bisping and Cejudo are not black.
WTF are you talking about? people cheered? People complained about every last one of those, and Hendo was by far the worst after Diaz, I and most people on this sub thought it was complete bullshit.
No go back and look. . . It was unanimous people wanted that HENDO fight. . . "Bisping deserves a money fight" . ..  "Hendo needs to go out on top". . . It was everywhere. . .
Everyone has been calling out Nate lol.
It was never unanimous there were people arguing for and against those fights just like with Woodley wanting to fight GSP. Different people have different opinions stop trying to force a narrative to fit your argument.
[removed]
How many Welterweights other than Woodley have been calling out Nate?
He was dissing Wonderboy back after Wonderboy said he’s excited to fight Robbie despite the possibility that Woodley was about to become champ.
If Woodleys is willing to fight chimps for extra money in between contenders getting sorted out that’s fine by me. The dude was defending back to back to back so it’s not like the division was inactive or clogged up. He didn’t pull a McGregor for two years.
Anyone got any evidence on this wonderboy stuff, knowing wonderboy I have a very strong feeling woodley is being overly sensitive
Nothing wrong with asking for money fights, it's not like he was refusing to fight the top contenders. He's not scared be just wants to get paid. Now that he's figured out he can make himself a money fighter he doesn't need to campaign for the money fight.
Lol I was literally about to say the only annoying thing for me was when Woodley kept pulling the race card. In his defense, he probably gets ridiculous msgs on social media from racist trolls. That could easily make him think that racism is more prevalent than it actually is.
Maia was on what, a 7 fight win streak when he was rematching Wonderboy? He didn't want to fight Wonderboy in the first place(even after Thompson did exactly what Woodley had thought would be enough for a title shot). Let's not pretend Woodley wasn't out there trying to fight McGregor, Nick Diaz, Nate Diaz, GSP, and anyone else not currently ranked at 170lbs who might bring in some cash as soon as he got the belt. Like I said, if he keeps doing what he's doing the money fights will be there.
No one is pretending he didn’t want a money fight, however there are quite a few pretending he wasn’t literally the most active champ. Dude gets hated on for the unrealized potential of possibly being a terrible champ but gets no credit for actually being an amazing one.
https://www.bloodyelbow.com/2016/6/19/11972832/ufc-mma-fight-night-ottawa-stephen-wonderboy-thompson-robbie-lawler-tyron-woodley

This is what I remember seeing
Or he could have a deeper, more intricate point that people just dont like hearing about, so they villify him before he has a chance to make it.

It would be illogical and disengenuous to claim that there are no differences between the experiences and environments encountered by people of differing races, so the conversation gets shut down by outrage before that concession has to be made.
I'm more getting at the fact that racist trolls in his dms are not actually representative of the actual population or fanbase. Obviously most people don't actually care what color his skin is and an overall fan base is not going to hate him for being black 

Iv specifically heard him say that people don't like him because of racism.
Right, your reply is still part of what i was trying to point out I think. You're(not you specifically) willing to address overt racism, but passive race issues get immediately dismissed before the topic sentence is out.

I think woodleys perspective on the topic is/will be really valuable first hand knowledge. 

Though i do want to point out that just by the nature of his personality, on first glance I did think he was just on some phony serena williams provocateur bull shit.

But in hindsight I think he has a valid point that surely has no pr motive, so i hope he gets a chance to readress the topic at some point.

But really want to clarify, if anyone thinks hes being disingenuous, I dont see anything logically wrong with that. But to say that he couldnt have a point because only overt racism from outliers exists anymore is illogical/misrepresentative of reality imo.
A huge part of this was also Woodleys attitude. You have a hugely popular karate fighter with the perfect personality vs Woodley who started off requesting money fights and constantly complaining and race bating. If Woodley acted the way he is now from day 1 he would have massive star power now.
No one cheered for that hendo fight everyone knew it was bullshit wasn't hendo like #13 at the time.  
  
Cejudo just beat the goat of the division which is pretty damn weak, even DM and dillashaw were planning to fight. It's not like he's dodging killers.  
  
Woodley has the perfect attitude now but he was the biggest whiner as soon as he won the belt, constantly requesting money fights after putting on snoozer, complaining about disrespect, saying he's the most "disrespected champion ever", race bating. It has nothing to do with him being black, he came across as a petty champion who wanted to cash in immediately.
hes not acting like a bitch all the time anymore.
I honestly don't mind money fights when it's between two non-champs or it's the money fighter campaigning for the title fight. But when a champ is campaigning for a money fight against a non-contender, it's almost sad. Like, "My title defenses aren't good enough to earn me more money."
Shhh They are coming around, however it happens
He said he expected Lawler to win and that he wanted to fight Lawler bc Lawler was a dominant champ with a couple of defenses already. Nothing he said was disrespectful to woodley in the slightest, woodley just started saying this bc he was getting so much hate for calling out guys that were unranked and retired.
What wonderboy said was he preferred to fight Lawler and he thought Lawler would win. He didn’t say anything even somewhat disrespectful to woodley. Imo woodley made this narrative up bc he was getting so much hate for asking for nick Diaz.
Well his last couple of fights have been worth complaining about. They were atrocious. Also when he tried to duck WB on fox sports 1 right after winning the title in favor of nick Diaz, that’s also worthy of hate.
&gt;Bisping won the title and called out Hendo

Revisionist history. Me and plenty of others complained about this. Please don’t be dishonest. 

&gt;khabib won the title and called out gsp

Tbh I didn’t even pay attention to this bc it had no chance of happening. Gsp will never fight below 170. Even 165 would be impossible for him. 

&gt;cejudo won the title and called out Dillashaw

And plenty of people complained. Are you actually frequenting this sub?

And a big part of why woodley got hate was bc he was calling out a retired guy who hadn’t won since 2011. It has nothing to do with woodleys race and everything to do with him saying no to WB who was on a 7 fight streak and asking for a guy who’s winless in half a decade.
https://www.reddit.com/r/MMA/comments/4o394l/michael_bisping_i_want_dan_henderson_next/

I went back and looked. You’re a liar just like I thought. Please stop being deceitful, you’ve already been called out on it once.
Exactly my  point!. . . LOL.. . . 90% of that thread is FOR THE FIGHT HAPPENING HAHAHHA. . . .
Wait Wait Wait 1 second. . . Are you saying that . . . This sub = the world?. . . Cause most of the media and BIGGER MMA FORUMS. . . Like Sherdog and UG. . . All wanted the fight. . . Rogan had millions of shares on his posts for Bisping x Hendo dreams. . . Get a clue . . Just cause the 10k people on this sub don't like something. . . Doesn't mean the other 2-3 million MMA fans that actually watch the fights want the same thing . . . LMAO.. . .

Summary:
He's not calling for money fights.
People just like to complain.
Like I said, if he keeps doing what he's doing the money fights will be there.
Bisping won the title and called out Hendo.
I am really liking this new attitude Woodley has.
It was unanimous people wanted that HENDO fight.
Didn’t he just win the title then call out Nate?
"Bisping deserves a money fight" .
&gt; Bisping won the title and called out Hendo.
Cejudo won the title and called out Dillashaw lol .
He said this as a dis to Wonderboy.
Khabib won the title and called out GSP.
Everyone has been calling out Nate lol.
Won the title then called out Nick and GSP.
&gt; he said wonderboy can fight Robbie

Context.
Esp when this is where you call for a guy like Diaz lol.
If I hated all those money fight callouts does that make me racist against everyone?
&gt;cejudo won the title and called out Dillashaw

And plenty of people complained.
He didn’t say anything even somewhat disrespectful to woodley.
