Original Response:
/u/shelloilnigeria /u/JamesColesPardon looks like another case of doxxing from blp.
I don't see a reddit username in the article? How would that be considered doxxing?
How is it doxxing?
Guess you didn't read the article. I'm not posting dude's name and reddit account together.
Thanks. Got it.
exposes a person's name connected to a reddit account. Last person that posted one a couple days ago from blp got banned. proceed at your own risk.
Didn't notice that the first time reading. Interesting, a reverse image search leads to a /pol thread from last week. 

Yeah, should definitely be reported and removed.
Mostly just warning OP. Last person that posted one from blp doxxing was banned. 

EDIT: Could be used a means to ban this sub.
my god, read the article. this isnt doxxing
I did it is in the image when discussing the employee.  I wouldn't have said it was doxxing if it wasn't very clearly doing so.
The person in the article is trash and needs not be on reddit. The OP didnt post the name, it is on an external website. Semantics.
&gt;The person in the article is trash and needs not be on reddit

Not up to you. We are against doxxing here as it can be a reason to terminate this sub regardless of their beliefs since it has to do with sitewide rules.  Less than 5 days ago a similar case occurred and the thread was shutdown and OP was banned. BLP should be blacklisted similar to CNN for doxxing since this is twice in less than a week.
Sure, that is fine, just ban the account of the guy in the article too and all of his associates who think they can control people.
The board, the user, and the moderator who approved it gets nuked though. 

Thems be the reddit rules.
I had an account put my info up for sale earlier this week who just got nuked so this is 2.5 for the week so far.
That's fucked up too. I feel like there is going to continue to be a lot of this.
It's a shame that subreddits exist merely to harass other subreddits and users.

One of reddit's biggest mistakes.
Yeah I don't understand how that is allowed or at the least targeted harassment even if it is for their "entertainment".

Summary:
Last person that posted one from blp doxxing was banned.
The person in the article is trash and needs not be on reddit.
Last person that posted one a couple days ago from blp got banned.
