Original Response:
Wondering if others are or have dealt with this:

My gf(21) and I(M25) have been together for 3 1/2 years and our sex life has always been pretty great. Recently though, I've started to notice that things that used to be quite common (and I enjoyed) no longer occur. 

Things such as blowjobs during ovulation, hand stuff during couch time (both ways), finishing in her mouth, finishing anywhere other than her stomach, anal play, or intercourse in places other than our bed are all seemingly off the table. If I ask for these things, I get an eyeroll or "The more you ask, the less I want to do it" (I ask maybe once a week)

We still have sex about once a week, but it now usually goes like this:
- I rub her or lick her to orgasm
- She or I will get on top
- More banging
- Finish on her stomach by request

 I'm starting to go back and forth between felling resentful or sad that this might mean that I'm not as attractive to her anymore ( I've expressed this to her; she denied it). I love her a billion and I don't like feeling either of those things.

Have any of you dealt with something like this before? How did you handle it?

For people on the other end, why did you no longer want to do the sex acts that used to be a regular thing?
To put it simply, foreplay for women happens outside the bedroom. Take some stress off her shoulders by taking care of household cleaning type things and learn to date her again. Do all of this without expectation of getting what you want (many guys will do the dishes once and expect things to suddenly change) Love on her without sex being involved. The little things matter the most. Then wait for her sex drive to rebound back. It usually happens.
Did you copy this from somewhere? I swear I've read it before.
Thanks for the advice! I've started to try to pick up some slack around the house lately, but I never thought the two areas (household responsibility/sex) were related
Oh... Yes!!!!  Everything related!!!

If her brain is FILLED with responsibilities, list of chores and groceries, bills to pay, work, etc where in hell do you want sex to fit in?!

Seriously both you and her should read this book called  « Come as you are », helped many couples out there to better understand a women sexually.  I read it with my BF, he understood and changed a few things.

I now have the perfect boyfriend who not only understands me but also knows how to turn my turn-on’s ON and my turn-off’s OFF, he now understands how to make me have the foot on the accelerator rather than the brakes.

Little efforts really bit great result: he has more sex than he ever wished to have today, 17 years into our relationship.

For many ladies sex is related to everything but the actual sex...  if all stars align, then sex is possible so...  

Align her stars and/or try to help her understand the importance of and how to align her own stars and you’ll reach a whole new galaxy!!
[deleted]
It’s common advice given to people with failing sex lives. It’s a really common problem that usually involves this solution.
When it comes to what is on a woman’s mind, EVERYTHING is related. Our brains don’t compartmentalize things like a man’s does.
In what world? I'll happily throw myself across my studying and taxes to get pounded for 20 min.
"Male brains have more connections within hemispheres to optimize motor skills, whereas female brains are more connected between hemispheres to combine analytical and intuitive thinking."


This from a quick google search.
That doesn't indicate anything about compartmentalization. That's not how brains work.
And only rarely works.
I agree with you - I don't think I've ever seen this approach for anything other than manipulation. The goal post keeps moving, but the sex / etc. is seldom received. That said, everyone should help around the house and stuff.

If OP's partner wants to do something, she'll do it. If she doesn't, she probably won't. If OP is being useless around the house, then sure it adds a burden. Otherwise, she may be going through a funk.
Arguably, life is one big manipulation. Dating is manipulative, therapy is manipulative, etc. it doesn’t make what I said any less true for a lot of women, and I speak from personal experience. If a woman feels like she’s mothering a man, she’s not going to want to fuck him plain and simple. It’s not sexy being around a guy who can’t take care of himself and when OP says “I’ve been trying to do more around the house” it tells me that he’s not meeting the mark and based on the way majority of women think and admit to thinking, it probably plays a big role. 

Not only that, but just because you’re in a relationship doesn’t mean you stop dating the other person and that’s a BIG thing that happens in many long term relationships if not most. People get comfortable and stop trying to impress their S.O. on both sides. Getting comfortable is nice, but it’s not always sexy. When the sexy stops, so does the sex. Call it manipulative or whatever you want, but it’s the way life works even in the animal kingdom.
This doesn’t always work. Sometimes as the guy takes on a more pampering, chore-doing role, he gets taken for granted even more. I think communicating directly is the best option as per usual.
I think when you love someone wholly, completely you don’t need dating/romantic shit to be up for anal. A woman in love is eager to please, a bored settled woman - is not. 
I am not saying dating is bad. I get really hurt when my man doesn’t bring me flowers for a long time, but I don’t use this to manipulate sex. If she not doing it, she 1) never liked those activities, was just trying to get him hooked on her; 2) used to have stronger feelings for him, which now faded. I don’t think bouquets and daily rounds of dishes are going to bring him closer to those things he likes.
Yes he should be communicating. However, he’s hardly being taken advantage of when he says something like “I’ve been trying to help around the house more”. That tells me that he’s been missing at least one mark. Also nobody said shit about pampering. I said dating. Which IS important. You can scroll down from my original statement and read what I wrote to another person about it.
I mean if my husband acted like a baby and didn’t make me feel attractive, I wouldn’t want to fuck him either. It’s a libido thing, not a manipulation thing. 

Edit: and I believe these things are fixable. My first comment specifically said doing the dishes once won’t help, it’s a process to get out of being too comfortable and get the sexy flowing again. MANY couples hit this rut and dating is one of the biggest helpers in fixing that. Dating is not just bringing flowers, that’s the most boring low effort date ever.
I think people are different is all. If I see my man doing dishes or putting away laundry, I appreciate it as a help, like roommate to roomate, I don’t find men doing womanly chores to be sexy... fixing things, on the other hand... I’m old-fashioned (in be4 I get shit about potentual sexism: there is nothing unmanly 
about men doing dishes/folding laundry. Just not a panty dropper for me, because it’s physically easy to perform).And « bringing flowers » is not the most boring low effort thing... I am super picky about flowers that please me and I am an artist who likes to do botanical illustrations from the bouquets... people are different
And I did not feel like OP was acting like a baby. His girl used to do all these wild things and now she closed up shop and he gets eye rolls instead, as she shuts him down with « the more you ask, the less I want to do it »... You think taking her on fancy dates and doing chores regularly is going to put her back in the wild mood again? I feel like it might improve emotional intimacy, sure. But sex? The whole eye rolling is a sign of disrespect - a huge red flag of other issues.
I'm with you on this. In my experience: if your partner enjoys the activity, they'll do it. Not everyone enjoys giving blowjobs, getting fucked in the ass, or any other particular sexual activity. That's fine. If you're not getting enjoyment from performing oral (on any gender) it can really be a slog to do. People shouldn't be forced into it, but I think "Oh, I just got too busy with other stuff and forgot I love having balls make a dubstep beat on my chin - will you do more chores?" is more characteristic of /r/DeadBedrooms than a healthy and reciprocal sexual relationship.
Exactly. If she were not using this as manipulation tool, she would say the following: “Listen, I hear you and respect your needs. I used to feel experimental and try all these things, but now I realize I don’t really enjoy them. I can’t say that you will be able to consistently do these things in our life together, if at all...seeing as I don’t enjoy them. Is this going to be a deal-breaker for you? We need to think about that. » Instead, she used soft evasion, without explicitly saying « no » or acknowledging his feelings.

Summary:
I think people are different is all.
I am not saying dating is bad.
That's not how brains work.
I swear I've read it before.
It’s a libido thing, not a manipulation thing.
When the sexy stops, so does the sex.
I don’t think bouquets and daily rounds of dishes are going to bring him closer to those things he likes.
That said, everyone should help around the house and stuff.
Getting comfortable is nice, but it’s not always sexy.
For people on the other end, why did you no longer want to do the sex acts that used to be a regular thing?
