Original Response:
[deleted]
Gotta wrap the end around the wand, not leave it out or clasped. Curling takes a lot of practice, don't beat yourself up about it! I find it much easier to use a straight iron to do curls
I am getting it all the way down, it's pulling out the iron to move on to the next chunk of hair that's causing it I think. My grandma who's been curling her hair for 80 years says to pull it down slowly and very lightly while keeping it sort of tight, but it all either falls out for the second half of the chunk of hair, or seems to curl but ends in that hard line.

When I don't decompress it I can't get the iron out. I've tried a straightener but it ends up even more fucked. I'm also 34 and never did any of this as a kid, so I can't afford to have my hair look all messed up like a 12 year old did it... So like, building up the experience is tough.
Oh wait, so are you saying instead of clamping the end I should wrap it around the outside and then clamp down on the rest? I can't understand why I have so much difficulty with the conceptualization of the action lol...
Practice before showers :) even having done my hair with hot tools since 13 and I still mess up every now and then. ❤️ you'll get the hang of it, slowly but surely. Keep watching tutorials on youtube, find the technique that's easiest for you, and practice when you don't have to be going anywhere :)
That's right, don't clamp the end inside, it'll get a kink! I highly recommend hitting up youtube, there are endless curling tutorials, and being able to see everything makes it so much easier
The before shower thing is a great idea! Thanks!
I will begrudgingly give YouTube another shot lol. I feel like so many of those girls have like the perfect hair for styling. I need to find someone with massive amounts of fine, silky hair...
So if you don't clamp the end and you wrap it around, how do you get the clamp back open to collect the rest of the hair if the ends are wrapped around the outside of the iron  versus inside under the clamp? Do they have irons with an offset where the clamp is shorter? I haven't seen one like that yet.
So, you start at the top, and you kinda wiggle your way down with one wrap under the clamp. When you get to the end, don't pull the end through the clamp, hold it around the outside. Then open and release everything.
Ah, ok. Everyone has shown me to start at the end of the strands... Are you saying start at the top of my head like near my part?

Edit: ok, I think I see what you mean. Like literally who created this devil's work tho? Lol... Probably women trying to get an edge like I want...
Lmao, I honestly hate curling irons xD 

Yeup, start at the scalp and pull down, should be easier.
Is your hair long? The only slight success I've had was with rollers or those bendy hot sticks...Hairspray the ends, wrap it up, let them in till it cools, more spray. (Pray) and at least for me, a result that looks wavy.
It's just at shoulder length. I assume a few more inches might make it easier, or more of a nightmare. That said I'd be totally cool with loose wavy curls.
[I have these](https://www.amazon.com/Conair-HS18WR-Hairsetter-Flexible-Rollers/dp/B00INBRC4U)
Thanks! I'll def probably give these a try. Hopefully they don't end up in my discarded hair tool drawer hahaha.
I have long, fine, silky hair, I could curl it with an iron for 30 minutes straight at 400 degrees and 10 minutes later, it'll be like it never happened. It's basically rollers or bust for me. Damp hair, slow drying, setting spray, then don't touch under pain of death.

I think you should also keep in mind that even in these days of being surrounded by loose Rapunzel waves, some of us are meant to rock the straight silky look. Embrace your inner Marsha Brady.
I have a hard time with that too. When I used a curling iron I would open and close it rather quickly while gently pulling the iron straight down and that seemed to work the best. Now I only have a straightener that I use cause my iron died, but I only curl my hair like 2-3 times a year. My hair holds a curl best when I'm on day 2 or 3 after washing, and I let some dry shampoo soak in for at least an hour before I start to curl it

Summary:
I find it much easier to use a straight iron to do curls.
I have a hard time with that too.
That's right, don't clamp the end inside, it'll get a kink!
When I don't decompress it I can't get the iron out.
When you get to the end, don't pull the end through the clamp, hold it around the outside.
