Original Response:
I am a single mom of 3 and have been with my bf for over a year. My youngest is 5 and hasn't nursed for 3.5 years. During sex I lactate. It doesn't bother my bf at all but it got me curious. Does it bother you when your girl lactates?
Never had it happen (also never been with a mother before), but it probably wouldn't bother me. At least that's a fluid that is actually intended to go in a mouth, unlike most others involved in sex.
I like the way you think
Don't have to be a mother in order to lactate. Stimulation over time can cause a woman who never gave birth to lactate.
Can you elaborate further?
Induced lactation. Some people do it for sexual/fetish reasons but it's usually intended for adoptive mothers who are getting newborns and want to breastfeed. There are some guides online but it usually involves just using a breast pump on a regular basis and your body will respond.
Neat, thanks for the new knowledge!
I was on a medication once that made me lactate. Even as a woman, it freaked me out and I stopped taking it.
There are also circumstances whereby men can be [induced to lactate](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/strange-but-true-males-can-lactate/). A lot of anecdotes suggest that stimulation can induce it, while others firmly believe that it requires the use of certain hormones.

The more you know!
Lol, omgs yes, true
/r/hucows
No not at all. The only thing that bothers me is that soon after the birth of each of our kids my wife had a hard time seeing her breasts as sexual and really wanted me to stay away. Point is if you’re confident with your body I doubt it’ll be an issue with him.
Happy cake day
[deleted]
Just for the sake of insight, for a lot of women it’s not even just that they don’t see their breasts as sexual (although that’s very common too) it’s that they’re feeling overtouched. When I was still BFing I felt so frustrated about still not having my body back to myself and was just so overstimulated by always having someone on me that I had a hard time being touched even more when it came to sex. I could deal with everything else but man I couldn’t tolerate much of anything chest related during that time.  It sounds like you guys are probably past this, but it might help explain things for someone else going through the same thing.
I love when people try to pin sexual "problems" on women's confidence. Sure, some people have self-confidence issues, any gender, but why is that always the scapegoat? After being a host to someone else for 9 months, then birthing them in such a way that it will change their body, sometimes permanently (which can be the case for either vaginal or C-section), and then having to feed someone else with their body from anywhere from a few weeks to two years... how can a person be blamed for wanting to have their body back to themselves? Even if a person is unable or chooses not to breastfeed, pregnancy and childbirth are still huge endeavors. Why is a person not entitled to some personal time after such a thing?
100% this.  I LOVE cuddling and being touched all the time, except when I’m nursing 24/7.  I just get “touched out” and can’t stand to have anyone else on me.  It’s apparently an evolutionary thing - we push away our older children so our younger nurslings can have all the nutrients they need.  I’m way more averse to my 4 year old than my 4 month old sometimes, but when I haven’t had my body to myself in a while I don’t want anyone touching me, even my husband.
It’s so exhausting! We’re currently trying for a second and I’m so scared of how tiring it is to to be so physically needed by everyone (including our 2 dogs). My older son is almost a year and a half now, and I’m starting to wonder if we should wait and put more distance between them because of it. Maybe he’ll need me less in another year. It’s really hard to be a good mom and a good partner when you’re so touched out! I remember sometimes thinking to myself “OMG everyone just leave me alone!” when my husband would try to initiate. And I absolutely hate thinking that. Good luck, girl!
I would never presume to tell another mom what to do, but FWIW I LOVE having a 3.5 year gap.  My daughter can go to the bathroom by herself, put herself to sleep, brush her own teeth, dress herself, fetch diapers for her brother and snacks for herself, it’s just so much easier for her to be older.  Plus, she understands when I explain to her that I need some quiet time when I’m touched out and she’ll just go play quietly in her room - that extra maturity REALLY helps.  We were trying for a while and had a couple of miscarriages in between but ultimately I’m glad for the gap we have - it makes life so much easier!
The only reason I haven’t wanted to wait is my husband’s experience growing up. He’s 4 years younger than his middle brother and 6 younger than the oldest. He said that he always felt so much younger than them, that the older 2 had their own relationship that he wasn’t a part of, and he was just always “the baby.” In my family we’re all 2 years apart and I felt like we grew up very much as a unit. He says it’s up to me, but I know he really wants them to be closer in age. But I also can NOT be pregnant in the summer. Lol I’ll die. So we’re basically taking at least a few months off anyway if it doesn’t work out this month!
My oldest kid is 6. I still get turned away because she doesn't see them as sexual objects anymore. I understand, but it still sucks.
Hey, just to give another perspective- I have a sibling 2 years younger and another 6 years younger (so the 3 of us have the same age gap as your husband) and growing up, my youngest sibling and I were *so* much closer. I attribute a lot of that to the age gap. I loved having 6 years between us.

I obviously don't want to invalidate your husband's experience, but if you do inadvertantly wind up with a bigger gap, it could be totally ok!
Thanks! Yeah, I know it will be okay either way. There are pros and cons to every age gap! And of course every sibling relationship is different. Another part of me is afraid to let it go for too long because it feels so.damn.good to have a kid who is a little more independent. I’m scared that the longer I go, the harder time I’ll have readjusting to having a newborn, or just not wanting another one at all. A friend of mine did the same thing and ended up just having one. Which is totally fine for them, but I know that we ultimately want at least 2. So I’m torn between just getting it all over with so we can move forward with our lives, and wanting a little more time to myself on this side of fence. Whatever happens will be fine though :)
Me too! I have sibs who are three and four years younger who I'm pretty close with, and then a sister who's six years older--we're still close, but in a different way, she kind of took it upon herself to be my guide and mentor in being a kid, taught me about stuff my parents wouldn't have been able too, like social scenes in school and stuff. Conversely, my brother and sister are eighteen months apart, and they're super close, they're even have overlap in their friends at school. I know it was a little harder on my mom when they were little, but when they got a little older she actually said it was easier because they ALWAYS had a playmate. So whatever happens, I'm sure you'll be very happy!
I think there is a line though, isn't there? I am 8, 10, and 18 years older than my siblings. I took care of them so much. Yes, I went to school all day, but my mornings, afternoons, and evenings were booked with childcare. My entire summers and holidays revolved around their needs. It was so incredibly difficult to care for a two year old when my newborn sister arrived. Bathing the one while the other lay in the bathroom crying so I could keep an eye on her. Potty training the older while changing the younger's diapers. At least when the youngest was born, who I delivered, I was 18 so I only had to care for him for half a year before I managed to escape. If I had wanted three children I would have had my own. I love my siblings, but I didn't love being their mother. Be careful with age gaps is my only point.
I was in the middle,  my older sister is 4 years older and my younger sister is 2 years younger. I always got grouped with my younger sister, my older sister would get a new privilege when she turned age appropriate and then in 3-4 years later my little sister and I would get that same privilege at the same time or for Christmas my grandparents would give my sister an age appropriate gift and then me and my little sister got pretty much the same thing that felt geared towards my little sister's age. I think this can pretty much happen to almost any set of siblings of any age differences unless the parents make a conscious effort to treat each child like an individual.
I haven’t had kids get but sometimes I will have moments of “Holy shit stop boobs are for babies!” I’m worried that once I have kids I’m going to be like “Ewww, no. This feels too much like what happens when I breastfeed.

Summary:
I was in the middle,  my older sister is 4 years older and my younger sister is 2 years younger.
I like the way you think.
I loved having 6 years between us.
I took care of them so much.
I love my siblings, but I didn't love being their mother.
I attribute a lot of that to the age gap.
This feels too much like what happens when I breastfeed.
He says it’s up to me, but I know he really wants them to be closer in age.
I am 8, 10, and 18 years older than my siblings.
