Original Response:
[deleted]
Toronto
[deleted]
" oMg .  LEaf fAnS aLwAYs mAkE eVeRy tHrEaD abOuT thEm" -r/hockey
[deleted]
Holy fuck give it a rest. Why are you people so obsessed with "Dae Toronto Media"??

Edit - you cant complain in every thread about Toronto like u/GoldenBullNards does and then get mad that Leafs fans are arguing with you.
I know.  You never miss a chance to whine about the leafs
[deleted]
Yup
This place loves to circlejerk anything that shits on Toronto then pretend like they dont
Because their own players have come out and said they can’t stand it.
I respect the talent of the Leafs on the ice and have nothing against the players or the team, but I’ll be damned if I don’t love the “shit on Leafs” theme here
I know and everyone knows they're shit BUT it's beaten to death by this sub 100s and 100s of times over. Every thread about the Leafs there HAS to be something about the Toronto media. It's played out.
This but unironically
It's usually users like you that do it
I made a bad mistake of generalizing all Leafs fans as the same on a post on my team’s sub. I was wrong for that, there are some great leafs fans. Some of the most knowledgeable/passionate fans in the world, however, their pool of ass holes are highlighted more than others, simply because 1. the market they’re in 2. There’s a fuck ton more Leafs fans than any other organization. 

Doesn’t excuse the annoying behavior, but everyone fan base has their shit heads. I learned to ignore them after the Tavares events.
[deleted]
At least you can admit it.  This sub hates the leafs.

I'll probably get downvoted for this too
Well it’s going to continue to be that way until the media changes. It’s a joke. The bias the media has for the Leafs over their other Canadian teams is stupid. Who would want to support that? It’s fake. It’s boring. And it’s narrowing the distribution channels because no fan wants to be baby fed Mathews and Tavares news 24/7.
And what cause would that be?
&gt; the Leaf media.

TSN, SportsNet, etc...
You do understand Rogers and bell are the primary shareholders of MLSE, they're going to continue talking about their team. But even before that we are the most talked team, ppl bitching about it gets old when it's not in our control.


Even additionally we have the ppl bitch about coverage don't even watch TSN or Sportsnet, besides the games. It's not that hard to avoid, other teams still get coverage.
[deleted]
I understand the business side of it, I hold investments in Rogers and Bell. However, that doesn’t mean that people cannot get annoyed with the way they distribute their material? It’s the same for ESPN. They recognize their primary revenues streams and stick with it. Doesn’t mean people won’t agree with it. Just ignore it, it’s going to be beaten dead horse until the end of time.
You know who supports it? The fans of other teams that love to hate on Toronto media. People love giving them attention. More often then not it's those people who post and share those articles here
Says the guy who is on the 24/7 shit on leaf wagon.

If I'm looking for validation, then why do i continue to post these op9nions knowing it will result in downvotes.  That'd be the opposite of looking for validation, no?

I didn't go through your history and downvote everything but I did downvote your posts here as did you. 

A lot of assumptions youre making and the fact that you're monitoring your karma would lead me to believe you're taking this too personally and seriously.
Wouldn’t they want that to be a continued driver for the top line? I’m not criticizing their abilities to bolster their revenues, I am business man myself, however, sometimes narrowing your streams exposes the business to some risk. Wouldn’t you think it would be best to provide a platform that is attractive to all types of consumers? Just my opinion. 

Edit: sporting platform, I understand the political agenda behind other media platforms.
Poor you. Fuck off. How some of you don’t get that you just need to shut the fuck up is mind boggling to others. Your comment is obnoxious as fuck. Not recognizing it is as obnoxious or more. Just refrain from commenting. EsPecIAlLy like ThIs. Fucking shut up.
You seem upset :(.

You guys always bitch about too much leaf content on r/hockey but are always the first to bring up the leafs.

If you're too stupid to get it through your head, I'll make it simple; don't want to hear about the leafs? Then stop talk9kg about them

Wasn't looking for your permission to post on r/hockey btw
Lot of rage there bud.  I'd suggest taking a chill pill, but I don't know if more drugs will solve your unresolved anger issues.
Hey it’s well within your right to make the personal choice to contribute to the stereotype of Leaf fans being dumb cunts, if you want to. Have at ‘er buddy. Go hard.
God damn, You're angry as fuck lol
I’m an intravenous marijuana addict and I don’t appreciate my disease being made light of.
Haha okay.
Honestly we just need to embrace the fact that everyone hates us and we shouldn’t give a fuck. Full heel.
Sorry to hear bud, you doing ok?
No there’s a fucking bong syringe hanging out of my left testicle leaking hash resin. Jeez what an insensitive question.
&gt;you doing ok?

&gt;insensitive question

Huh I guess I’ll just go fuck myself then eh?
That was my plan.
Seems full of rational thought and concise argument.
When were you looking for that again?
You know whats obnoxious as fuck? Getting 4 first overall draft picks and still being a dumpster fire of a team. Also your city sucks and you should feel bad about it. Fuck off.
Excuse everyone else for voicing what they're not looking forward to in the "what are you not looking forward to?" thread, right? I mean, I know the Sens are going to suck this year, everyone does. I'm still not looking forward to it. There's a lot of good and bad in every fanbase, you guys are the largest one. Accept that it annoys other fanbases.
Get some flair you little bitch.
Get deeze nuts soy boy
Hahaaaaa that’s an easy way to win. Thanks buddy.
Congratulations on the win [here's](https://www.google.ca/search?client=ms-android-rogers-ca&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=280&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;ei=gb6vW6yOKqLNjwSWha-QCg&amp;ins=false&amp;q=taylor+hall+hart+award&amp;oq=taylor+hall+hart+&amp;gs_l=mobile-gws-wiz-img.1.0.0l2j0i8i30j0i24l2.5783.9119..9903...1.0..0.218.2285.0j15j1......0....1.........35i39j0i5i30j0i67j0i30.OpbsSIv8sqU#imgrc=da0GQYCXvWhPEM:) your prize.
Fair enough I think we both agree that it's a dead horse, but personally as a leafs fan it's annoying too hear people bring that up in every other thread about the Leafs. 

People have the right to complain ofc but it's easier to be the change you want to be and just ignore the Leafs coverage, neither of us have control over the media but we have control over what we let affect us.

I just think the media thing has become too much of a easy narrative or circlejerk, everyone needs to chill. I don't want it to hinder actual discussion of the team
[removed]
Imagine being this mad about a Reddit post.
Here's the thing. It already is attractive to all consumers. The people who are complaining about Toronto Media are the people who consuming it just as much if not more than Leaf fans judging by the fact that over 50% of leaf related stuff here (and other social media platforms) are from non-leaf fans shitting on the team/media/fans. People love to get angry, I know I am guilty of sorting by controversial and looking at downvoted content.
Counterpoint: San Jose.

Summary:
The fans of other teams that love to hate on Toronto media.
This sub hates the leafs.
I was wrong for that, there are some great leafs fans.
You know who supports it?
You know whats obnoxious as fuck?
Well it’s going to continue to be that way until the media changes.
Every thread about the Leafs there HAS to be something about the Toronto media.
Your comment is obnoxious as fuck.
There’s a fuck ton more Leafs fans than any other organization.
LEaf fAnS aLwAYs mAkE eVeRy tHrEaD abOuT thEm" -r/hockey.
If you're too stupid to get it through your head, I'll make it simple; don't want to hear about the leafs?
Edit - you cant complain in every thread about Toronto like u/GoldenBullNards does and then get mad that Leafs fans are arguing with you.
