Original Response:
So... is this the next Prime Minister "progressives" will want to erase?
lets get the CBC to make historical movies where all of the main characters are black, thereby rewriting our national history as black history. Europe is going through that process and it seems to be mostly a success. Troy was pretty good. Anybody seen this video?

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vh9jjW05h08](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vh9jjW05h08&amp;t=3s)
&gt; Anybody seen this video?

I hope not it's pretty dumb.  I turned it off when he started complaining that Idris Elba was cast as Heimdal, a fictional comic book character that has 0 reason to be any particular race.  Sure one could argue it if Queen Victoria was cast as a black woman in a historical setting, but not in this one.
I bet you're also the type to complain when people demand that an egyptian is cast for the role of a pharaoh instead of gerard butler...because it should be about the wcting not the race
So you turned it off after the very first example then. He gets to Guinevere like five seconds later. Not to mention Thor obviously being based on Scandinavian folklore, I'm sure the comics aren't where 'whitest god' came from. BBC has a big portfolio of british histiry figures they've turned black.
You mean the same Thor based on Scandinavian folklore that has had an Asian main character since 1965?
Are you also indifferent to whitewashing
Wut? Afaik thor has never been asian.
Ironic because these were the leading "progressives" of the era. 

No one ever likes pointing out the same people who advocated for woman's sufferage were also the leading advocates for Eugenics and Prohibition, but I think it's extremely valuable to showcase how just because a movement has extremely positive aspects (woman's sufferage) it can also include some pretty gross stuff. 

Also, it teaches us that just because a bunch of academics tell us something is progressive and good, doesn't mean it actually is.
Hogun isn't Aesir, though. His people were killed by Mogul and he ended up friends with the other Warrior's Three by happenstance.

Heimdahl, on the other hand, most definitely was Aesir.
He's referring to Hogun, who was one of the Warrior's Three, who are Thor's best friends and comrades in arms. He's generally portrayed as Mongol-like in the comics.

He's not an Aesir, though, he's just one member of another race that happens to live in Asgard with the other Asgardians, largely because he befriended Thor and his buddies.

Heimdahl was definitely retconned to be black in the MCU.
I'm pretty sure I'm now on a CSIS watchlist for pressing play on that whiny Sons-of-Odin-style youtube blip. 

Hollywood is over here having Asians played by Emma Stone and Tilda Swinton and Scarlett Johansson. Native Americans in film are mostly just Italians or mixed-race asian-Americans. But it's, what, a black Joan of Arc on BBC that's the last straw?

Yeah. Okay.
[removed]
Would you be OK with white men playing fictional egytian Gods?
Yes.  Doubly so when like 90% of Egyptian gods are half animals anyways.
&gt;He gets to Guinevere like five seconds later.

Which is an issue why?  Because you would have prefered an ango-saxon actress to play a fictional breton queen?

&gt;british histiry figures they've turned black.

By the way fictional characters arnt historical people.

Summary:
He gets to Guinevere like five seconds later.
&gt;british histiry figures they've turned black.
&gt;He gets to Guinevere like five seconds later.
By the way fictional characters arnt historical people.
