Original Response:
Interesting they've done it at the same time. They haven't said why they're leaving though so no idea what to make of it.
[deleted]
Stock is probably 90% vested now. IG is probably far away from what they imagined it would be today. The Instagram product roadmap must not be appealing to them.
They do say why in the Bloomberg article. Moral of the story is that Zuck is getting more and more involved in the day to day.
Or they just decided they are fantastically wealthy time to go play.
It's not a given that even a co-founder of a product this successful will be wealthy.  Between dilution, liquidity preference, etc etc. there are a LOT of ways to get screwed.  They're PROBABLY fantastically wealthy, but it's not guaranteed.
Whatsapp founder resigned in April... maybe it's not vested stock, maybe the company isn't doing well internally? I mean the Cambridge data scandal happened as well recently
They've also taken it really far, the rest of it is adding kitschy features and crap that sells more ad revenue.  They have already succeeded beyond belief, I'm sure they'd rather go start something new that felt exciting rather than just tweaking the design.
In this situation it is 100% accurate though. It’s not even a probably.
They must have an idea on what to do next.
They were only acquired for $1 Billion.
You'll notice with algorithmic hacking, it wasn't just democracy but also the internal cultures of these companies. It isn't hard to do - in fact Facebook Ads were the perfect tool to disrupt the atmosphere at these companies.
Tom from MySpace is still doing well
dos commas club :(
Isn't $1 Billion the three comma club?

Or are you just talking about them as individuals?
What more can you do with Instagram? It's a photo-sharing app that lets you comment/like/bookmark said images. It was never meant to have a product road-map. At least I don't think it did.  The issue is people expecting products and companies to grow infinitely. That's not possible. At some point, people should be happy with just steady operations. But greed gets in the way. I understand.
yes and Kevin Systrom is worth 1.5 billion but the CTO is worth 500 million that's nothing small either.
Our culture's obsession with endless growth is a cancer.
He hasn’t posted to Instagram in a long time. I’m worried about Tom.
A place to share cool images and now it's a lot of spam and product pushing.
the start of the demise of instagram. I wonder what will replace it in a few years
How much of that acquisition was in FB equity, though? That would be worth a lot more today than when they were bought out.
Hell of an assumption.
His FB page is still going tho.
Ya. But there were 3 of them dude. And I'm pretty sure they owned most of the company.

Summary:
They were only acquired for $1 Billion.
The Instagram product roadmap must not be appealing to them.
They're PROBABLY fantastically wealthy, but it's not guaranteed.
They must have an idea on what to do next.
there are a LOT of ways to get screwed.
