Original Response:
I agree with the Senator: *Complete change* exactly what is needed. Change every single thing.

Anything less than complete change is unacceptable.

In all honesty, what is the probability several other large cases of abuse within the Catholic Church come to light before February?

99.9999999999%?
The Honorable Nancy Pelosi is a Congresswoman, not a Sentaor.
What reforms would you suggest?
What would you change?
&gt; I agree with the Senator:

She's not a Senator.

&gt;Complete change exactly what is needed. Change every single thing.

If a Christian church changes every single thing, then wouldn't that mean to stop being a Christian Church.

&gt; Anything less than complete change is unacceptable.

So anything less than the catholic Church becoming an atheist group is unacceptable?
[removed]
&gt;This is very discouraging. Nancy Pelosi is one of the most respected members of congress, and some users here are speaking of her here as if she is basically incapable of helping with ideas to reform the Catholic Church.

To be clear about this and my statement. There are of course Bishops who also would qualify for public excommunication, in large part because of this scandal.

She's welcome to state her opinions on what should be reformed. I'm just not sure they will be good.

While I agree with you that the Pope's statement is not good and very tone deaf it's also right. This scandal will lead to many people leaving the source of God's grace.

And you keep saying kids, kids, kids, kids. Every stat I've seen in the US suggests that we have a bigger problem in the seminaries.

Edit: I'm also not resistant to change but not all changes are equal. I would evaluate each proposed change before giving an opinion.
I removed this because a question should not be an excuse for you to call out a number of people who disagree with you, by username pinging them.
&gt; To be clear about this and my statement. There are of course Bishops who also would qualify for public excommunication, in large part because of this scandal.

This is another question that occurred to me while reading this thread. It's not particularly common to hear Catholics claim that (mostly) Democratic politicians either should be excommunication or are functionally excommunicated, presumably due to their political positions on abortion and birth control, but I do hear about it, for instance in this thread. I'm not criticizing that. If it's right or wrong, whatever, but I'm not Catholic and don't really care.

But I don't often hear about those who were involved in these sex scandals being in that same condition.

Perhaps it's because it's easier to bring yourself back into communion when you are accused of an obvious crime rather than when you genuinely disagree with the position of the church. I can imagine a priest being contrite after they are busted, because there is not a lot of alternative.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Francis_Law#Move_to_Rome

I have to wonder if that's what's happening here given the example of someone like Cardinal Law though. You'd think that actively working to cover up this stuff would functionally excommunicate him but instead he was moved to Rome and just became more powerful.
I mean plenty are not just excommunicated but also defrocked. We don't know which ones if at all are formally excommunicated. 

Which is why I say bring back public excommunications. I'm sure there would be some Bishops on that list.

Summary:
Anything less than complete change is unacceptable.
&gt; Anything less than complete change is unacceptable.
I agree with the Senator: *Complete change* exactly what is needed.
What reforms would you suggest?
