Original Response:
I host small rides through meetup (no charge of course) and have been wondering about liability. If a a rider went down, would I be held responsible? If yes then maybe I should put a disclaimer on the meetup page. Anyone else run into this?
I go on group rides occasionally. Everyone rides his own ride, and no one should be held responsible for someone else's actions.  If someone goes down on a group ride, unless a fellow biker causes it, there's no one else to blame; certainly not the organizer.  You are individuals who happen to be sharing a public resource, that's all.
That’s all good in theory but people are assholes and would still try to sue.. just look at some of the shit posted here when riders are always trying to make an excuse or place blame on something else other than their low riding skills.
I'm just confused as to how you can sue someone else for the fact that you lost control of your own bike and went down.  Am I missing something?  I mean, yeah, I get it if maybe another rider did something that caused you to go down but if you take a turn too fast and go down how can that possibly be anyones fault other than your own?
Dude it’s America. Some lady sued McDonald’s because she spilled hot coffee in her lap and won.
Ah, the classic "I don't know what I'm talking about" example.  Try actually looking it up.  They kept the coffee obscenely hot and had been warned by authorities not to keep the coffee so hot several times because it was dangerous to both employees and customers.  The woman got 3rd degree burns.  You know what that means?  THAT MEANS SHE WAS BURNED DOWN TO THE BONE.  Try educating yourself instead of being ignorant.  It's amazing how people's perception of you changes.
You talk as tho I give a shit about your perception of me. Also, burned down to the bone is 4th degree.

Anyway, same concept. You feel the cup, you say, “wow that’s hot!!” You then put the cup in the cup holder and wait until it cools. Same with every other coffee.
You talk as if you don't give a shit that the words coming out of your mouth are wrong and fucking retarded and that is why you're a fucking retard.  Again, as I already said, try actually reading up on it and seeing why the lawsuit happened because it's not as frivolous as your dumb ass thinks it is.

&amp;#x200B;

[https://www.caoc.org/?pg=facts](https://www.caoc.org/?pg=facts)

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;The coffee was not just “hot,” but dangerously hot. McDonald’s corporate policy was to serve it at a temperature that could cause serious burns in seconds. Mrs. Liebeck’s injuries were far from frivolous. She was wearing sweatpants that absorbed the coffee and kept it against her skin. She suffered third-degree burns (the most serious kind) and required skin grafts on her inner thighs and elsewhere.  
&gt;  
&gt;Liebeck’s case was far from an isolated event. McDonald’s had received more than 700 previous reports of injury from its coffee, including reports of third-degree burns, and had paid settlements in some cases.  
&gt;  
&gt;Mrs. Liebeck offered to settle the case for $20,000 to cover her medical expenses and lost income. But McDonald’s never offered more than $800, so the case went to trial. The jury found Mrs. Liebeck to be partially at fault for her injuries, reducing the compensation for her injuries accordingly. But the jury’s punitive damages award made headlines — upset by McDonald’s unwillingness to correct a policy despite hundreds of people suffering injuries, they awarded Liebeck the equivalent of two days’ worth of revenue from coffee sales for the restaurant chain. That wasn’t, however, the end of it. The original punitive damage award was ultimately reduced by more than 80 percent by the judge. And, to avoid what likely would have been years of appeals, Mrs. Liebeck and McDonald’s later reached a confidential settlement.

&amp;#x200B;

As I said, the classic "I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about" example, and you proved that 100%.  God damn idiot.
Hahahahah I’m glad I could trigger you this easy. Go back to your safe space, kid. The internet isn’t for you. Bye bye.
Drawing a simple and logical conclusion from the bikes you ride and your shitty attitude, I can safely conclude you're a retard that probably rides with no gear at 150+mph while pulling a wheelie and weaving through traffic.  You think you're cool but you're really just an idiot.  I hope you get what's coming to you.
Damn that does sound kind of badass. I’m glad you think I’ve got sick tricks 😎

Summary:
You know what that means?
I go on group rides occasionally.
If a a rider went down, would I be held responsible?
You talk as tho I give a shit about your perception of me.
Ah, the classic "I don't know what I'm talking about" example.
