Original Response:
[deleted]
Do people still not realize that each Province manages their own healthcare system?

Blaming your perceived bad care on the entire country is unfair. Your issue should be with how your particular Province delivers your healthcare. 

I'm curious...have you contacted any of your gov representatives to pass along your concerns or are you just griping about it on the internet?
I'm angry and upset and you're right I'm an idiot and I misspoke and I'm a griper
I never called you an idiot. I realize losing a loved one is an emotionally painful experience. I just think that directing your anger in a more productive direction might be beneficial for you.

Get involved and make some noise to your local reps. You might wind up making someone else's life better in the process.
You did everything but call me an idiot and you know you did. When you start with when are people gonna realize.. And I do know I didn't express it well. 

But dont back pedal you were harsh
You seem to take things personally. Unfortunately in this case you are mistaken. Fact is I/we often hear people disparage the entire healthcare system due to their experiences in one particular Province.

My question was sincere...when are people going to realize that the experiences in one Province do not necessarily translate to the entire country...and taking shots at the entire healthcare system, nation wide, does no one any good.

Unfortunately people don't seem interested in getting involved to improve the system...or even learn about it...until they find themselves in the position of needing it. It is shortsighted.

So no...I did not call you an idiot...just like the other patient in your mother's room wasn't intentionally trying to make your experience even worse than it was. But you continue to take these things personally if it makes you feel better about being so angry.
You inferred then didn't say
Actually...*you* inferred the meaning. You're suggesting I *implied* it.... which I did not...but in retrospect perhaps I should have.
Well here's a lesson for you, let's put my stuff aside for a second, I know I have my issue.

But when addressing someone you'd like to pass some knowledge on to, don't begin it with "Do people still not realize xxxx". You should say Hey man, did you know that provinces run healthcare?

And I would have said you know what man I do, I'm a little angry. I just wish as a country we could do something about it.

Watch your words. How you phrase things. Whatever you want to say about me, just take a second to look at that and say hey maybe I could have said that better and maybe that's  something to watch for because the way I use my words may not match my meaning
I see...so I should watch my words...but you should be free to shoot your mouth off about whatever and to whomever you wish.

You want "harsh" jr? Grow the f up and start taking some responsibility for your actions and feelings.
No I'll admit freely, I got problems. And if you're truly an older more mature person, the response should have been you know what, maybe that's a good point. And here's an opportunity to better my own self then and move on from it. 

I'll admit it I fucked here tonight.

Summary:
You seem to take things personally.
You should say Hey man, did you know that provinces run healthcare?
You did everything but call me an idiot and you know you did.
