Original Response:
[removed]
[removed]
That rhymes with prick
That stands for douche.
💩💩💩💩
Is he really a dick?  It's not like he's abusing her or anything, it sounds like he's just not attracted to her after her body changed, which is completely reasonable.  Now it totally sucks, and he should probably be trying to work on improving that aspect, but it's not like attraction is completely voluntary.

&gt;I talked to him and he bluntly told me that he’s not attracted to me and that maybe i should see a plastic surgeon.

Although that's all contingent on exactly how that message was conveyed.  If she asked what the problem was and he confessed he's not attracted to her then that's good communication (though taking a year to get there is iffy...).  If he just threw out seeing a plastic surgeon then that's a bit dickish...but if she asked if there's anything she could do and he just put it out there as an option then...I dunno it all seems reasonable to me.
[removed]
The way it sounds like he said it is dickish. Him telling the truth isn’t dickish.
I honestly can't imagine any scenario where a good man who loves his wife claims to "just not be attracted" to her now, where this is in any way reasonable.

People get old. Bodies change. Accidents and illnesses and, yes, babies, change us. It is life and somehow over millions of years men have managed to deal with these normal changes. When you love a person and you are attracted to them as a person, a few stretch marks are unlikely to get in your way, unless you're an entitled asshole.  WTF is she supposed to do, keep getting surgery her whole life so he doesn't have to deal with reality? No thanks.
Ah yes. He is a bad person because of the totally voluntary and completely self-controlled choice he made to not be attracted to his wife anymore. 

You seem a bit low on the empathy scale there, friend.
You mean lie to her. And fake his attraction.

That's what you're saying he should do, right?
You make the tragically stupid mistake of thinking attraction is some voluntary process you control which is impressive considering you are a human and should know better. 

The alternative is he lies to her face forever. Or divorces her for no reason. Is that better? Which do you prefer?
[removed]
While the scenario OP describes sounds awful, and her husband may very well be in the wrong, your insinuation that losing attraction is immoral makes no sense. Sure, his reaction to his loss of attraction can be critisized, but the actual loss of attraction is out of his control. If she had lost attraction to him, or lost her sex drive post pregnancy, would your critisism still seem justified?
I think the confusion here is that the husbands actions and his attraction are different. You can reasonably critisize him for bringing up plastic surgery, you can't reasonably critisize him for losing attraction.
Comment removed. Constructive comments only, please.
Comment removed. Constructive comments only, please.
Comment removed. Constructive comments only, please.
Depends on the context. We don't know if it went
 "go see a surgeon you fat cow"

 or

 'well, what do you want me to do?' "I don't know, you're already back in shape and I'm super proud of you for that but it hasn't worked, maybe we could try a dermatologist?"

Or something similarly sensible. All we know is it was brought up with none of the details, principle of charity here I'm not going to assume the worst about a person without reason.
I think that's a reasonable way to look at it. While the husband comes across badly to me, I can't help but be annoyed by the notion some people seem to be supporting that the husband is a pos for losing attraction after a very body altering event.

Summary:
I think that's a reasonable way to look at it.
You can reasonably critisize him for bringing up plastic surgery, you can't reasonably critisize him for losing attraction.
I think the confusion here is that the husbands actions and his attraction are different.
It's not like he's abusing her or anything, it sounds like he's just not attracted to her after her body changed, which is completely reasonable.
Or divorces her for no reason.
