Original Response:
God created mankind in his image externally..

 *God created man in His own image, in the image of God He created him; male and female He created them.* [Genesis 1:26-27]

But he didn't create them in his image internally..

*“For God knows that when you eat from it your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, knowing good and evil.”* [Genesis 3:5]

However, he begot his Son, Jesus Christ, in his exact likeness..

 *The Son is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn over all creation.* [Colossians 1:15]

Jesus Christ didn't come in the flesh before Adam and Eve, so therefore, this verse means Jesus Christ was made in the image of God internally. His physical likeness didn't come until later.

Adam and Eve died for trying to become like God internally, and Jesus Christ died for trying to be like God externally.

What are your thoughts on this in relation to sin?
Adam and Eve were already perfect and in the image of God.

They believed that liar who told them they weren't. 

That liar is still making fools of gullible people.
If they were made in the exact likeness of God internally then they wouldn't have wondered what it was like to be God..
A "likeness" does not mean an identical copy of.
Well, if an invisible God made them in his exact image externally then they would be invisible..

 He obviously didn't make them in his exact likeness internally either because they wondered what it would be like to eat from the tree..

Jesus Christ is the exact likeness of God.
Jesus Christ is God.
He's the exact likeness of God. If you worship him as God than you must also worship his Father as a greater God.
God is Triune. Father, Son and Holy Spirit. One God.
No, I don't believe in that bs.
John 1:1, "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God."
Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. What religion are you?
I read the Bible. I don't go to church. I understand the difference between a Father and a Son.
Ok??? You deny that the word was 'with' God...?
Do you know how you came to have a Bible?
My dad.
Do you know how the Bible came to be?
Moses began writing it with inspiration from God.
No, you said that the Father was a greater god than Jesus, which doesn't accord with Scripture.
What about the NT?

Summary:
He's the exact likeness of God.
Adam and Eve died for trying to become like God internally, and Jesus Christ died for trying to be like God externally.
Adam and Eve were already perfect and in the image of God.
