Original Response:
[event]

Hi, I'm looking to trade these codes. I'm mainly interested in events and mythicals but other offers are cool as well. 

Some events and mythicals I'd be interested in are:

Legends 2018 Regigigas, Dialga, Palkia

Diancie

20th mythicals (Arceus, Shaymin, Meloetta, Keldeo, Jirachi, Mew, Celebi, Darkrai, Victini, Genesect, etc.)

Marshadow

Hoopa

Volcanion

Hatchus

Etc.

Let me know if you're interested and what your rates are!
Would you be interested in LL codes or 2018 Latios ?
I have ultra moon so I was able to receive the 2018 Latios, but if you have the ultra sun latias then maybe depending on what you want.
Well, I do have both UM and US by my main save is on the US cartridge so I'm not reseting it and I can only redeem one latias for myself so I'm kinda in the situation you here in.

For the same reason I only have 1 2018 Palkia. Moreover it's part of my roaster so I would have to replace it. How many codes would you be willing it to trade for it ?
How many codes are you looking for?
Returning the question ? How rude of you ! :p

Given the time it would take me, 8 codes.
I see. That is way too much for only 1 Pokemon for me. If it was something else then maybe. Good luck with your trades!
Not used to bargaining aren't you ?

For 8 codes I wouldn't have had any second thoughts. Just make an offer, if we cannot reach un agreement so be it but at least let's try.
1 code.
Are you joking ?
1 code for an event ? Even a redeem would be 2 codes for a pokemon.

What a troll.
I've had 1 code for a redeem before so.
1 code to be redeemed + 1 code for the work =&gt; 2 codes for a pokemon. Usually more for a single nature redeem.

And here we're talking about a pokemon that can't be redeemed any more.

Good luck trading it for 1 code XD.
Latias is currently being distributed so I don't know why you're saying it can't be redeemed anymore. Also like you said earlier "not good at bargaining aren't you" you gave me a high price so I said a lower price then we continue to go in the middle until we find a compromise.
1. Quiproquo here, I was talking about the Palkia.
2. Even if Latias is still distributed, trading it for 1 code would still be a clear loss for me as it already costed me 1 code to get it + some time to get a timid one. And it would be the same for anybody who obtained it legitimately.
3. My first price was high but not ridiculous, you got many people with tons of code around here. Your price, on the other hand, was unrealistic.

I'm surprised you're even disputing the reasoning : redeeming an event takes a code and time (minimum 30 minutes to reach the first pokecenter + SR). Proposing 1 code in exchange is borderline insulting. It basically means that you deem the other person's time to be worth nothing.  
At this point I am not even bargaining anymore, I'm just trying to make you realize that you have to update your rates if you want to ever make a deal.
First, we we're talking about an LL code and I said I'd consider it for a Latias redeemed on Ultra Sun. Second, you asked for a bargain and I gave a price. Most of the time either the other person says no or asks for a higher/lower price. And third, I've seen older events go for less (for example most 20th anniversary Pokemon go for about 4 codes each). I never said your time is worth nothing. You asked for a counter offer I gave one. There's supposed to be a back and forth until either someone says no or both come to a compromise. I don't even have rates. That's why I asked what you'd want for it.
Ok let's start a new from step one, we do look like two very confused lads not having the same conversation.

Hello lad, would you be interested in a competitive ENG 2018 Palkia ? (self redeemed, ENG, redeeming trainer : Lucatiel,#173694)
Hi, sorry not at this moment as I want to try and collect mythicals first. And it's part of your company team so you should keep it.
Ok, good look for the mythicals !
Good luck with your trades!

Summary:
1 code for an event ?
I've had 1 code for a redeem before so.
Even a redeem would be 2 codes for a pokemon.
[event]

Hi, I'm looking to trade these codes.
How many codes are you looking for?
Good luck trading it for 1 code XD.
