Original Response:
Perfect term in my mind. Gives him 2 years to win a playoff series (even if he doesn't he's probably safe?) and/or have a Torts meltdown.

The only extension we expected to see from Cbus. No others looming...at all...
Everyone keeps making these ominous extension references that I don’t get. Care to enlighten me?
It's not gonna happen, Panarin is not signing in CBJ, he might be saying the 'right' things now but come July 1, he gone just like JT this year...
I'm pretty sure Bob and Panarin are both UFAs at the end of the year.

I'd assume most CBJ fans are hoping to lock up their star forward and franchise goalie long term
Panarin is in his contract year but it’s pretty clear he doesn’t want to re-sign
Thank you Elliotte Friedman
Who's she? A novelist? Sorry, don't read romance...
Panarin gave them to start of camp to do something and then he wouldnt sign. Granted he more than likely wasn't going to sign anyways and clearly wants out. Not sure why you guys are convinced otherwise
Or at least get something sweet in return for them.
/r/whoosh
Toronto typical
I'm being more facetious about Panarin and Bob than anything at this point.
Oof.
I'm hoping you guys can sign Bob since I feel like the team would drop off hard without him. The number of people I've met that still think Panarin will resign is insane so its hard to tell when people are joking or not
I get it. I still have some hope for Panarin...but I'm a Browns fan...so there's that.

Bob would be great I just don't want to overpay too much and be stuck with him and nothing else like some other teams that overpaid their goalie.
Which is totally understandable and I think might be the inevitable reason the Jackets end up losing Bob is he wants more than the Jackets want to pay him so they don't get stuck in that situation
not exactly clear if /u/andrewdt10 is kidding or legitimately asking
We also have 2 mini-Bob's behind him in Korpisalo and Merzlikins (who will no doubt be over here next season).  I don't see extending Bob, tbh.  I think the only way we see Bob make it through the trade deadline with us is if we're having an amazing season, at which point we just decide "fuck it" and go for broke, letting Bob and Bread walk at the end of the season.
Panarin has apparently made it clear he doesnt want to re sign, and apparently Bob is asking for WAY too much money
The Price contract is fucking up the market. Bob's the only active goalie with multiple Vezinas, and he's apparently asking $10M, which is $500K less than Price. Put that way, the argument could be made that he could be justified in asking for more.
If I believe it hard enough, maybe it'll come true
Yeah I saw "Columbus has signed" and damn near had a heart attack
No, it's too painful
What a dumb comment.
Takes one to know one...
But it really doesn't.
That's... not how you use that comeback.
I know you are, but what am I...
How appropriate. You fight like a cow
donkey...

Summary:
I know you are, but what am I...
I'm pretty sure Bob and Panarin are both UFAs at the end of the year.
I don't see extending Bob, tbh.
I'm being more facetious about Panarin and Bob than anything at this point.
