Original Response:
Someone I work with asked me how to "chunk" her vaping so she ends up doing it less overall. Do you ever do something like not vaping for the rest of the day after you finish a pod? Or buy only one pod/refill at a time? Kinda like people who buy only one pack of cigs at a time.

Don't want my friend to know my reddit handle, thus the throwaway account.  Not looking for people to hate on vapes or praise them. Just want advice no how you do this. Thanks.

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: Just got back to this.  Thanks all for the awesome feedback.  Very helpful and I have passed it along.
i guess i have never even thought about it tbh,  as the alternative is so much worse.  over years i have lowered my nic and wattage and whatnot,   but i don't EVER wake up and say "damn,  i wish i hadn't vaped that much last night.." etc.
Ha!  Thanks.  Helpful answer.
hey,  as a 1-2 pack a day ex-smoker,  the LAST thing i'm worried about right now is how much i vape...:)

but obviously lowering wattage and whatnot and different tanks etc,  you are going to vape less in quantity...

hell,  using a mesh pro i could go through as much as i vape all day in other builds in 20 minutes.
This reply is scarily true. I used to wake up some mornings having a coughing-fit-of-death and vow never to smoke that much ever again (yeah right). It is non-existent now, can breathe clear as day. I have a surplus of juice now over the past few holidays that I don’t think twice about how much I consume anymore.
yeah,  its amazing waking up in the morning and not feeling like death you know?  I don't recommend vaping to non-smokers,  but whatever it takes,  i don't care if they go through 120mL's a day you know?
It’s the best feeling in the world after several years of smoke induced cough attacks. Some days I go through 15ml, others upwards of 30. It has the same effect no matter how much I go through at least for me. And yeah, the Mesh Pro just gobbles juice up. If I got a bigger bottle of something that I just need to go through, in the Mesh it goes.
Right with you. Even worse than a hangover from a night as the bar was the chest pains and coughing fits from the pack or 2 you chain smoked in that time. I don't get this at all from vaping.
completely... in the mesh it goes!!! :)....

yeah,  i wake up feeling great now.  I'm not worried about how much I vape,  granted I have lowered my nic etc and wattage and builds,  so all good... now it's mostly procedural for me.
thank you mystery benefactor! :)
Wow, a chain of gold! Thank you mystery benefactor indeed!
completely,  really nice of them!

Summary:
I don't get this at all from vaping.
I used to wake up some mornings having a coughing-fit-of-death and vow never to smoke that much ever again (yeah right).
:)....

yeah,  i wake up feeling great now.
