Original Response:
Now, the sticking point for me is whether they are allowing a HFT firm to front run my trades.

I.e if I tell Robinhood I want to buy 1 BTC, and they broadcast that to a HFT firm so they can buy 1 BTC before my trade executes, then they are failing to fill my trade in good faith.  How many other people (and for how many other dollars) get to buy before me then?  It's giving me a worse market price and letting others cut in first.
No when ever you press the buy button it locks in that price and that is the price you pay. 
My concern though is that it is unclear wether Robinhood actually owns any crypto or are they just selling you the position the crypto is at when you press buy. 
I think it is rather “sketchy” that they don’t clarify that and I think that might even be illegal.
Yes the price is locked, but what if it becomes that there’s not enough supply for that price due to front-running?
That’s how Abra does it (doesn’t actually give you the alt coin you buy) and it is some sketchy stuff.
That is the risk they take..
If we are talking about front-running, that’s illegal, I believe, because it’s asymmetric information, similar to insider trading. The risks are taken, but this one is imposed without any probability, it’s just 100% risk exposure. That’s not the same as risk. 

Front-running again is when you take advantage from knowing which orders will come to exchange before they are available to the public
I think that is the idea behind HFT no?
At least in a documentary i saw years ago that was their practice and they did in on US stock market.
Okay, I may be wrong, but there is a difference between quicker reaction and first hand on the information
Yea true. I don't know it was very likely they do such things. Even online broker accounts have some strange rules which seems to be allowed. Weird stuff it is.

But this seems very valid here:
"If you're not paying for the product, you are the product"
&gt; My concern though is that it is unclear wether Robinhood actually owns any crypto or are they just selling you the position the crypto is at when you press buy. 

Unless I'm mistaken, that would be considered a CFD, which is illegal in the US. It is extremely unlikely Robinhood would break the law in that manner — they would lose their license very quickly.

Edit: Further research suggests that CFDs are illegal for securities and commodities in the US, but not for forex, so maybe bitcoin is permitted.
Yeah CFDs can still be sold as forex, because it basically falls under a gamble or something like that. We shouldn't encourage this kind of trading on Bitcoin because it's just falsely inflating/deflating its price based on speculators and has no physical tie to the coin itself. 

Companies can disguise frontrunning as slippage, can't they? Not to extreme amounts but I'm sure they can get away with a few pips here and there as they execute orders.

I'm not surprised Robinhood is selling your data, how else could they have such cheap fees? I don't trust these guys one bit.
&gt;  there is a difference between quicker reaction and first hand on the information

First, not to the person who ends up holding the bag.

Second, the only reason there would be a difference is if latency didn't matter. Lower latency is what makes high frequency trading profitable even when everything else is equal.

It's also why the decentralization that bitcoin provides is more important than getting to the moon quickly. Humanity has been to the moon. It's never had sound money before.
As long as crypto keeps going down in value they will lock in huge profits if they aren’t actually buying it..
Sort of: But If I understand it correctly (Big if) the difference is High Freq Trading "sees" which stocks are currently seeing alot of action and makes trades on that in realtime.  So while it is not seeing them before they are taking place, it is in theory faster than a human seeing the tickers going up, checking info and then trading.  

So jumping on the train when it is moving vs already being on the train when it starts and seeing the typical traders at the next stop.
Yes its what they do.

In that documentary they even showed how they send stocks with a special kind of trading flag so that it can skip the open orders. (So they get themselves ahead in the FIFO order book). They showed it happens a lot when the stock market opens in the morning and suddenly many big orders start to flow-in and execute directly.
I’ve pressed sell on a particular stock on RH but it would sell at a price like 25 cents off. I know RH is not great but that doesn’t sound normal. Is that illegal too? And how do I prove something like that? 

Edit: missed word
[deleted]
If you use limit order that is quite a red flag.
I see, admittedly I am very new at this stuff so I only have a rough idea of what a limit order is but no I didn’t use a limit order. But I will start to use that, thank you.
I have placed a limit order on Robinhood that did not get filled even after the price they show dropped below my limit price (definitely a limit, not a stop or even a stop-limit). Eventually the order filled at 10 cents less than my limit order. I'm not complaining in the end, but it made absolutely no sense to me how that could happen if my order went on the books immediately and was executed as FIFO.

Summary:
But I will start to use that, thank you.
That’s not the same as risk.
I don't know it was very likely they do such things.
(So they get themselves ahead in the FIFO order book).
I think that is the idea behind HFT no?
