Original Response:
&gt;Morality is more complicated than you want it to be

Yeah, right. Is it morally right to post Vegan propaganda without noting you are Vegan anywhere on the site?
You can't have looked that hard Alan, I don't hide it and have written several articles on the site about why I'm vegan :) Is there a chance that morality is more complicated than you want it to be?

I'm not sure I'd call it propaganda, unless you are claiming that the facts are incorrect? I took them from animal agricultural industry sources.

I have written against veganism too, I think it has its pros and cons. But ask yourself this - in a universe where not eating non-humans were better for reducing sentient suffering overall, would you expect me to write more or less about the benefits of veganism? I'm a scientist and take a scientific approach to my articles about morality. If you don't like the conclusion, engage with the argument, not a completely irrelevant point.
[deleted]
To be frank, most of us wouldn't give a toss about what you write about.
&gt; Is there a chance that morality is more complicated than you want it to be?

Do you own a mirror? You might ask yourself that same question. I accept that morality is extremely complicated and there are rarely perfect answers.
I question myself at least once a month as to whether being vegan is optimal for most reducing suffering in the universe. There are a lot of valid counter points (no need to use the pseudoscientific ones that always come up), but I still think being vegan is better for reducing human and non-human suffering on expectation. I hope you question the converse as well, that's all I ask.
http://www.michaeldello.com/vegans-talk-veganism-much/

I still don't get it...I can replace the "eat humans" with for example "consuming alcohol" and I don't end up wanting to be pushy or preach about it yet the latter arguably causes more suffering that has no harm minimisation at its core.

Also I looked at bunch of your posts and you never really seem to address the animals existences beyond their consumption, I don't want to put the words in your mouth but do you agree with "can't suffer if they are never born" as "optimal" morality? i.e Veganism might be optimal at reducing suffering in a "meat-eating" universe but where does it end up if we all adopted it? Do you imagine these animals would be happily living otherwise (because it definitely less optimal in nature) or do you accept the fact that they would be resigned to the history books (and a lucky few living at the zoo)?
How can you be 100% sure plants don't feel pain?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fStmk7e9lJo
Did you just compare confining other sentient beings to torture so we can eat their flesh to consuming alcohol? Bruh.
I think that non-existence is better what 90% of farm animals go through globally. We wouldn't use 'but they wouldn't otherwise exist' as justification to torture humans (we used to, but that seems ludicrous now right?).
&gt; Did you just compare confining other sentient beings to torture so we can eat their flesh to consuming alcohol? Bruh. 

Yes I did. Curious how a family dying, possibly suffering greatly, in a car crash with a drunk person that did it for the lols...doesn't rate on your "optimal" universal suffering gauge. Funny that right?

&gt; I think that non-existence is better what 90% of farm animals go through globally. We wouldn't use 'but they wouldn't otherwise exist' as justification to torture humans (we used to, but that seems ludicrous now right?).

At least you are honest. I personally find your morality abhorrent (which is why I think vegans are often met with hostility to their claim of moral superiority...its a luxury of the ignorant). I can't speak globally (because the places where you will point out, the humans are in equally dubious circumstances) but in Australia for the most part the lives and well-being of livestock exceeds that of being in a natural environment. The fact that you not only think it is moral but preferable for those lives to not exists because of what happens in the end is absurdly naive because it conveniently ignores the reality that most animals lives end by being eaten alive or preventable illness. I think it is ludicrous to suggest that non-existence is preferable to life, even a bad one. And I am not in the minority on that.

Summary:
&gt; Is there a chance that morality is more complicated than you want it to be?
I think that non-existence is better what 90% of farm animals go through globally.
&gt; I think that non-existence is better what 90% of farm animals go through globally.
I question myself at least once a month as to whether being vegan is optimal for most reducing suffering in the universe.
