Original Response:
I don’t understand why some Singaporeans are so cynical and can make any good thing sound negativeb
Because there are a lot of Singaporeans who are entitled. Anything less than perfect is a henious crime that shows the government isn't capable at all. Standards are far from realistic and like Nas said. Most Singaporeans lack perspective.

For example. Everyone knows we are a "resourceless" nation. But to fully understand and comprehend the costs and danger of that is something that barely anyone begins to think about.

Its scary to see how quickly how hateful, aggressive and in some cases, racist, some Singaporeans can become.
The most ridiculous cynicism I seen are people who do not want new MRT lines.
Me too.. I don't earn much I barely break even every month but I quite like the system still
Wait what? Where is this?
ST or CNA comments section about the new DTL
Quite simple. Because we are young children brought up by a government who takes care of everything for us. Think about the children of rich parents and how they typically react to a problem.
This is the big negative of “kiasu”-ness I’ve been noticing. Taking cowardly swipes at every small little thing, while covering or hiding their own facade to make themselves seem perfect.
"WHY WASTE MONEY BUILD NEW MRT. OLD ONE CANNOT FIX WANT TO BUILD NEW ONE. KNN WASTE TAXPAYER MONEY $$$$$ WHO DID U VOTE FOR, WAKE UP"
70% !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I remember that. They cite cost and mrt breaking down or something.  


Even the nature groups who are making noise about the cross island line are not against the MRT, but where the lines are
DTL best line for me :X
&gt; For example. Everyone knows we are a "resourceless" nation. But to fully understand and comprehend the costs and danger of that is something that barely anyone begins to think about.

I concur. 

I have heard many suggestions for a more relaxed work environment where the work is only from 10 to 5, blanket bans on all immigrants whether they are helpful or not, social security for everyone, lower taxes, increased freedom of speech, etc. All the while failing to understand we are treading on thin ice. 

We have nothing to fall back on, no oil reserve, no gold mines, nothing. Anything that flips our economy tits up will be the downfall of the entire country. Of course, we are not so fragile as to die upon touch, but the policies some people are spewing fail to take into consideration why said policies work in other countries but not ours.

It's not that I am not for some of those policies, but the lack of explanation on how to implement them is the issue. People are just backseat driving the government.
actually, I quite disagree with our inability to support the kinds of policies that we see that are similar to Western European countries. I think we're fully capable of some of them. When we think about Singapore economically, in my view there are two main things we have to consider: the first of which is that our biggest source of revenue is petroleum refinery, and the second of which is that it is truly our people who are our greatest economic asset. 

As such the only policy I would agree with you on is that blanket bans on immigration is a *very* bad idea.  Singapore takes an economically traditional liberal perspective in terms of workers rights and working conditions. When we speak of shorter working hours, it's not that it's not possible, but that we think that the only way to make it happen is to reduce output and quality. I don't quite agree. Some forms of production require a set number of hours - think something along the lines of baking bread. You can't rush that. But for other things, especially corporate work, it really depends on the productivity and efficiency of each individual worker. This for me is where communist competition comes in. If you're not competing for favour and wages, you're collaborating on work that needs to be done. I would argue that a system in which workers receive better working conditions and shorter hours which are not as stupidly toxic and cutthroat in the way we see them now, would be much more conducive to effective and efficient work. A supportive work environment would help people feel supported and not alone, and therefore also increase retention, willingness to work, and job fulfilment. This isn't anything revolutionary, it's just management 101 stretched further.

Then we get to social security vs lower taxes. This is one or the other, really. Personally I'm on the side of social security. How many of us know and ailing grandparent who needs a lot of medical attention and physical, mental, and emotional labour to take care of? How many of us have medical bills every month that aren't small? So on and so forth. There is a huge volume of people who require medical attention, but who don't do it because of the cost. The government subsides a sizeable amount, but it's still fairly expensive, especially on low incomes. Let's take another look at our taxes: 25% to CPF, x% for income tax, where x is anywhere between 0 and ~22%. We actually don't have very low taxes. It's entirely possible to fund a social security programme that encompasses healthcare, education, and retirement benefits. I think under those circumstances, raising taxes by an additional 5% is not a crazy idea. But wait, you say. What about housing? Well, under the circumstances of not having to pay for healthcare and education, housing becomes a lot more affordable. Stack that on top of progressive workplaces, and honestly housing becomes the only real cost you have left besides basic living like food and electricity.

Then let's talk about freedom of speech. I hope you realise that a lot of our problems come from the presence of and lack of freedom of speech. It's not a monolithic thing that protects the peace in the country, it's something that is applied unevenly. Being unable, for example, to screen movies and media materials that do not showcase homosexuality and transgenderism as inherently negative things raises social stigma and discrimination against already vulnerable populations. Being able to get away with the above also means that the cycle of negativity continues. It's not just that some people don't have voices, it's that the people who do aren't policed for the terrible things they do or say. When was the last time we heard of someone being punished for discriminating against a gay person? I haven't. When was the last time we heard of someone being punished for insulting Christians? Amos Yee. The application of the laws, because they assume neutrality, is fundamentally going to be balanced towards those who have more social, political, and economic capital. So if we're not going to protect our vulnerable populations, who will?

So now going back to my two initial points: what are Singapore's greatest assets? I think it's in education. I think we need to relook our education system and means of testing, to redefine what it means to have a Singaporean education, to train our citizens to think, be critical, be innovative. We can't have that while suppressing freedom of speech. It's also hard to have that while worrying about living concerns. I think we can afford to implement policies that cost money and policies that will change the direction of Singapore, because we can't afford not to. The world is changing and we have to secure our place in it, and we're not going to do that by stagnating in these respects. We like making small tweaks, but once in a while having the courage to make the leap is necessary. I think this is necessary because it sets the stage for our further development in the 21st century, because we as a population are getting jaded earlier, exhausted sooner, and more mentally troubled.
&gt; Singapore takes an economically traditional liberal ... management 101 stretched further.

This I agree with. One of the solutions the government actually is trying to implement is the Flexible Work Award. I think it's a step in the right direction. However, how the company actually implement it, and whether the company is trying to "game" the system, we can never control. My gripe regarding this area is that the same people who are arguing for better work-life balance tend to also lambast this cynically. You have the right idea. The point is to be productive, not clock hours in the office doing nothing. The main problem at work is the same everywhere, you wait to rush, and rush to wait. All because of pipeline congestion and bottleneck. Allowing flexiwork schedule enables the worker to rest when the bottleneck is stuck instead of reporting to the office and doing nothing.

&gt; Then we get to social security vs lower taxes. ... Stack that on top of progressive workplaces, and honestly housing becomes the only real cost you have left besides basic living like food and electricity.

I would like to correct one misconception. Despite what people are saying. CPF is NOT a tax. Yes, it functions similar to a tax and social security system rolled into one. But the idea is that you are using your own money instead of the money of the future generation to fuel your own social security. E.g. your pension, your insurance, all paid for using your own money and not taxpayer's money. So in the event that you are old and not working/paying taxes, you are still effectively using your own money for pension and insurance instead of taxing the already shrinking working class.

Social security is fine, but I do not want a safety net where people can lounge around. Sure, the people who desperately need the net vastly outnumber the number of people who abuse the system, but our country has to be productive to survive. We cannot rely on natural resources. Hence the Tharman's Social Trampoline idea. The government would try their best to ensure you have food on the table and roof over your head. But if you are willing to put in the effort to improve yourself and your productivity, the government will help you bounce back and fly higher. That is not to say people who desperately need a net should be forced to work. We still have various government schemes that help them. (The NCSS website have more information on that)

&gt; Then let's talk about freedom of speech. ... So if we're not going to protect our vulnerable populations, who will?

I personally do not believe in unrestricted freedom of speech. But I do believe in debating what are the restrictions and to hold a review programme regularly to lift or add to the restrictions based on the needs of the people.

I support the LGBT rights and their freedom to express themselves. But realistically, we are a nation that is treading on the minefield called religion. The pressure cooker is only kept stable because we carefully balance the religious freedom of different religion. And even then, we have racist/bigoted comments regarding other religion already. The one thing that most of the religious community have in common is their disdain for the LGBT. There is no point in creating a common enemy for them to fight.

The majority of the more conservative people are from older generations. And it's harder to change their mind than to, for lack of a better phrase, wait for them to go away. I applaud and support the pink dot for sparking and maintaining the conversation regarding LGBT, but we should make sure progress does not come at the expense of stability. Hence the government's reluctance to repeal 377A (even though it is a stupid law of the past). And since the government literally closes both eyes with what you do in the privacy of your own house, LGBT's are not literally driven into a corner to be executed. The government is now trying to appease both sides of the quarrel by allowing LGBT their private space to do what they want while acquiescing to the religious demands of the conservatives without outright discrimination against the LGBT community. That is to say, Singapore has a "Don't ask, don't tell" policy. Baby steps.

Amos Yee was punished because he was purposely stirring shit in the religious community that we tried so hard to appease and make them coexist with each other. It's not about him insulting the Christians or the Muslims for that matter. It's him stirring shit in anything he can think of, so the government have to step in to make him stop, with whatever charges they can think of before he gets mobbed.

&gt; So now going back to my two initial points ... exhausted sooner, and more mentally troubled.

This I agree with too. The combination of increased information flow (and thus the flow of bad news), slowing down of the global economy, speeding up of technology, widening income gap in all major cities, and general anti-foreigner views of major cities are causing people to be pressured and exhausted. 

My gripe is that they know something is happening, but they do not know what or why. They pick a side and stick to it, simultaneously demonizing the other side. Nobody wants to reach across the line to make peace. "You are either with us or against us." The fact that to understand the people across the line takes an immense amount of time and effort does not help matters. So with their ignorance, they keep talking about what "should be" while failing to take into consideration "what is". They backseat drive without know about the road, the car, or even where they are.
tony tan?
Best thing I've heard is:

&gt;We don't even have enough space for roads! Still use the land to build MRT for what!

I really didn't quite know how to respond.

&amp;#x200B;
Agreed my house was pretty much accessible by only one bus before the DTL
I mean if he went so far to saying those people lack perspective. It made me lose faith in Singaporeans again..

Summary:
I think it's in education.
This I agree with too.
I think we're fully capable of some of them.
I think it's a step in the right direction.
Then we get to social security vs lower taxes.
&gt; Then we get to social security vs lower taxes.
People are just backseat driving the government.
This is one or the other, really.
We actually don't have very low taxes.
I support the LGBT rights and their freedom to express themselves.
The most ridiculous cynicism I seen are people who do not want new MRT lines.
I mean if he went so far to saying those people lack perspective.
So if we're not going to protect our vulnerable populations, who will?
Then let's talk about freedom of speech.
Despite what people are saying.
I personally do not believe in unrestricted freedom of speech.
