Original Response:
Me (21F) and my boyfriend (James) have been together for over 2 years in a long distance relationship and meet up every couple weeks for a couple of days. Whilst we're happy atm things have been previously been difficult at times with things going on in our lives thats out of our control.

One thing that has come between us a lot is that my parents don't like James because he has previous for cheating (previous girlfriends physically and cheating on me by sexting other girls at the beginning of our relationship. I ended it but after time I weakened and forgave him.

Another thing that nearly broke us apart is me being diagnosed with a rare form of cancer resulting in me having to have a hysterectomy meaning I can no longer have children. With both of us always wanting to have children it was difficult for us to move past this. We have discussed adoption and surrogacy. Always get the feeling that he resents me for not being able to have children by how he acts and what he says around family and friends babies. Treatment for cancer is still ongoing.

Moving on to the main reason why I'm here. Recently when he came to visit me I found condoms in his wallet which weren't there in previous times we've met up. We don't use condoms. First thought was is James cheating on me but I'd like to believe he wouldn't. Is it a man thing to do to carry them? I asked him about it and he said he has them as last time he went out with his mates him and his mates stole them from another mate so that he wouldnt be able to have sex as he had no condoms. However not sure if I believe this.

Is it normal for a guy to carry condoms when we don't use them? Is he cheating on me? How should I handle the situation? And if he is cheating on me I honestly don't think I can go through the pain again whilst I'm still having treatment.

TL;DR; : found condoms in bf wallet when we don't use them. DOes it mean hes cheating on me?
Also, only 14 year olds would actually carry a condom in his wallet.
What's the adult way to carry them?
Your nightstand, or anywhere where they won't be subject to rubbing/friction and excessive heat.
You don’t know if they live with their parents, just that their long distance. 

In a lot of families it would be highly uncomfortable to see that
The point is that carrying condoms in a wallet is a great way to get pregnant. The friction and extreme temperatures (why you also don't leave them in your glove box) being detrimental to them is generally common knowledge for sexually active adults who uses condoms as birth control. So him carrying them around that way just as a "man" thing doesn't make any sense.
I was not actually aware of that.
You're right. I wish more people knew this.
&gt;In a lot of families it would be highly uncomfortable to see that

So you would rather people use faulty condoms over making their family "uncomfortable".

Unless someone has weird parents who go through their personal belongings, there's no reason for them to know about the condoms anyway.
[removed]
You literally responded to my comment which said that exact thing.
[removed]

Summary:
Is he cheating on me?
Is it a man thing to do to carry them?
Is it normal for a guy to carry condoms when we don't use them?
