Original Response:
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.

Now being posted at 10pm eastern!

https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74
What's up folks?

Got brutalized at work, but it has since calmed down a good bit. Looking forward to football tomorrow.

Whatcha vapin' on tonight?
Bewd &lt;3 in the Blitzen on my Drag, CCS in my new innokin kit.

What's foozeball?
Rugby for wussies.
Generally fruity cuz I’m a filthy liar lol. Bottle is finally finished though so I’m thinking cloudberry tomorrow lol

What about you?
BEWD and blue ice depending on what setup comes out of my pocket first.
Which came out first?
Currently the pulse and drop Solo are on the counter, so BEWD.
I still plan on making a counter to BEWD and call it REBD lmao
The only football you need in your life is Bama. Roll fucking tide.
Strawberry and blackberry with dragonfruit on ice?
GO VOLS!

&amp;#x200B;

yeah they beat up on UTEP today, but everybody beats up UTEP....
Blackberry lime menthol most likely lol but a touch of dragon fruit so it’s legal haha
Long suffering Jets fan, never enjoyed the college game.
A buddy turned me on to Bama a few years ago. Its the only college team I follow. I'm a bears fan so I wholeheartedly know your pain.
God. Damn. Right.

Hail Saban. ROLL TIDE!
I was raised a Bama fan. No pro teams of any kind in Alabama, so that's as close as we got. Consequently never became an NFL fan, even though where I live now has a team with a rabid fan base.
Hope y'all have a decent year.
Hope y'all have a decent year.
Can hope. Was silently excited when they took out Aaron rodgers. Cried when he came back in and won the game.
40 minutes to go. Old Impact Wrestling on TV. Everything is done. Just reading some comic books.
What comics are you reading? I need to get back into them lol
Caught up on the Cosmic Ghost Rider series, just starting the newest Venom. Probably going to see if the second issue if Asgardians of the Galaxy dropped yet when I get home.
Sounds like a good night to me! I’ve been reading new 52 Batman mainly as I’m not caught up but otherwise I’m always looking for out there and surreal comics lol
I need to get the Earth 2 from the new 52 and finally finish it.

Cosmic Ghost Rider is insane. Frank Castle with the power of both Ghost Rider and Silver Surfer, raising a baby Thanos.
I’m so down! Thanks for the heads up! I’ll check it out :)
I want a series, even limited, explaining the Juggerduck.

Howard the Duck with the gem of Cyttorak, aka what gives Juggernaut his powers.

Juggerduck.
I’d be down for that!
Wut in tarnation?

That's batshit crazy. I'm intrigued.
I just read the issues that are out yesterday. Cosmic Ghost Rider is nuts haha. I'm loving it. Did you read the Thanos run previously that introduced Cosmic GR? Really good stuff
I'm not huge into DC, but the latest run of Mister Miracle is a MUST read. It's one of the best comic books I've ever read and it's  only got a couple issues left
I’ll check it out if I remember lol. I’m dippin to get some sleep lol
I hadn't. I only recently decided to grab a few series to read at work. I go in cycles. I'll read for a few months, then just stop for a few.

Summary:
What comics are you reading?
I need to get back into them lol.
I was raised a Bama fan.
I just read the issues that are out yesterday.
I’ll check it out if I remember lol.
Just reading some comic books.
Cosmic Ghost Rider is insane.
