Original Response:
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.

Now being posted at 10pm eastern!

https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74
Spun up a MTL fused clapton to the Galaxies RDTA and ended up making myself kinda sick chain-vaping it seeing if the wicking could keep up. Need to pick up some 9mg instead of my normal 12mg if I test any more airy MTL atties like this, hahaha.

Other than that just relaxed and watched football today. My team lost, but at least it was close.

How're y'all doing tonight?
How’re you liking it? I’ve been a little interested in the galaxies series of attys as a MTL vaper but haven’t pulled the trigger. 

Who’s your team? Haven’t had a chance to watch today lol 

My nights all right. Mostly just writing, enjoying a beer, and catching up on some twitch shit for the time being. How about you?
My brother recently got the galaxies RDTA. I haven't tried it yet, but after a few different builds, he's loving it. He's using it on a pico squeeze 2. Pretty solid situation. Basically 10mL of juice if you fill everything up.
Damn that’s insane. Is it a BF RDTA??
It sure is. Pretty awesome setup. I love my siren v2 but I'm tempted haha
Damn I’m Interested as hell now! I’ll be looking into that for sure!! 

Siren v2 is life my dude but damn if this doesn’t get me interested lol
I'm liking it alright, though I do generally prefer tighter airflow and smaller chambers for MTL. Using your terminology the Galaxies is more of a modern MTL RDTA, that is also suitable for very restricted DTL. 

While you can dial the airflow down for a more traditional MTL build, it just isn't very flavorful in that configuration. But with a larger build it's been performing great. Favorite so far has been this 4 wrap, 2.5mm ID 28ga*2+36ga that I just put in, but the 7 wrap, 2.5mm ID 26 ga that I was using also worked really well. Around 20-30 watts. Some 22ga with the airflow opened up all the way as restricted DTL has also been working great, though the top cap started to heat up with that.

Build deck is easy. Wicking has been easy, no trimming needed for a 2.5mm build and I haven't had any leaking or dry hits. 3mm needed minor trimming but it was intuitive enough. Filling is also easy, it's got this little check valve type thing that you push down on to allow filling and it's sealed otherwise.

Memphis, we played really sloppy today. Fortunately if we do well enough for the rest of our season, and the other members of our conference get some good out of conference wins, we still might be able to make our way into the rankings and a decent bowl.

Watching Luke Cage season 2 again because my girlfriend fell asleep last time we watched it.
Thanks for the info!! I’ll look into it as I love MMTL lol

How’s season 2?
Should have a review up on it next week, I want to try at least one more RLH build on it and probably another MTL build aw well. 

Season 2 is pretty good, only real criticism is that, like season 1, the plot can be a little unfocused with a lot of side stories that end up being forgettable just because of how much time passes between chunks of them. 

Whatcha watching on Twitch?
Watching the premier of DBZA episode 60 part 2 and the TFS AMA. Saw the episode already on YouTube but didn’t catch the AMA lol. 

Excited for the review!!
Sounds like fun
Yeah it’s enjoyable lol. I’m kind of a nerd when it comes to abridging. But damn there are some real talented people that don’t get enough mainstream attention. 

But yeah, my nights goin alright haha.

Summary:
I’ll look into it as I love MMTL lol

How’s season 2?
I haven't tried it yet, but after a few different builds, he's loving it.
Using your terminology the Galaxies is more of a modern MTL RDTA, that is also suitable for very restricted DTL.
Haven’t had a chance to watch today lol 

My nights all right.
I love my siren v2 but I'm tempted haha.
