Original Response:
The government work for the dole research sounds about as true as the stated Centrelink wait times:

    74.9pc of participants said it increased their motivation to find a job

    75.7pc said it improved their ability to adapt to new environments

    73.9pc said it improved their ability to work with others

    72.6pc said it improved their ability to keep a routine

    71.2pc said it improved their communications skills

Everyone who I have ever met who has done work for the dole said it was a complete waste of time and that most of them were basically just free labour for some charity or church group to do the work nobody else wanted.

It's an absolute fucking rort.
To get results like that you'd have to specifically select a small sample size and pointedly ignore the 90% who said it was a complete waste of time.
I've collated my states  *Average* Customer Wait Times while working at Centrelink and that is *exactly* how they come up with their statistics lol.

Time the fastest transaction only and claim it is the average (and sometimes fail at that and just plain lie and get stroppy with me if I push you on it)
The only one I can believe is the first one - it motivates people to get a job so they don't have to be demeaned and treated like slaves anymore.
Hey, I got debt collected by Centerlink and when I called them they denied debt collecting me because my "account was on hold, there is no way that debt came from us". The debt was 100% from a Centerlink robodebt that they have absolutely refused to substantiate and are now saying that I owe again. 

Who is the absolute worst person I can take this case too?
&gt;Who is the absolute worst person I can take this case too?

The Ombudsman I would think. 

I haven't worked there in a while though. Ironically I'm using NEIS at the moment lol.

There has been a massive privatisation of centrelink jobs over the past 10 years.
Personally, I think making people work for literally less than minimum wage is a recipe for mental health issues.

This has been the case in several people I have spoken to who were forced to take part in the work for the dole program.

If Australia genuinely had a true universal health care system that included extensive free mental health services, work for the dole would be shitcanned in a nano-second as the LNP realised how much damage all those people needing help would do to the budget.
I would love to see what the questions were. 

5 point scale: Did WFTD improve x. 

1. no. 2. slightly agree, 3. moderately agreee, 4. agree, 5. strongly agree. 

2+ is a poisitive
Is this data taken from when you get checked in on the iPad? I've had 15 minute waits just for that in the past, and other days where the front person would refuse to check me (and others) in saying to just come back on Monday.
Yeah it was for that. Anything over 10 minutes was unacceptable if I remember correctly. I also worked as the guy at the front for a bit at a busy CSC right next to a train line and it fucking sucked.
Thanks, I still have to get wanked by the official processes though. That is probably going to be the likely outcome.
Sadly you probably are right yes.
Your local member of Parliament can get the ball rolling.
These statistics are also only from the people who were willing to take the survey. Do we know what N=? The gender of participants? Their socioeconomic situation? Ages? Disability status? Ethnic background?
[deleted]
I did a little course recently and we had to do a survey at the end, and people just put strongly agree for everything because they were asked to.
Nah easy,: this program improved my communication skills: "not at all" "some what" , "a lot" "substantially". Then when you tally it up every one who said more than 1 counts as "improved communication skills"

Summary:
I haven't worked there in a while though.
The Ombudsman I would think.
Who is the absolute worst person I can take this case too?
&gt;Who is the absolute worst person I can take this case too?
