Original Response:
We’ve been dating for over 2 years and a few months ago she injured her hip in a way that sex was painful as a result. So we went about 2 months without sex or any type of sexual relationship, we been living as roommates essentially.

Well, the injury has finally healed up and she got excited and we had sex to celebrate, it was the worst sex I’ve ever had in my life and I think it was mostly due to neither of us really being into it. It was very mechanical like ok yea this old thing let’s get it over with. Ever since that terrible sex session we have just resumed a sexless relationship and I feel like I’ve lost all my desire for my gf. 

Did I fall out of love with her because we had to live for a while without intimacy? Can I just go back to the way things were or is this a sign that this relationship is over? I used to worship her body and dream about her all day and now I don’t think about her at all unless I’m running into her in our home we share. 

Ever since the injury we have had sex once and neither of us has made any attempt at initiating because it seems neither of us care anymore...?

My hope is that this is a normal outcome and that there is some proven solution to get back on track, but I also fear this means we are done

Tl;dr: I stopped having sex with my gf for a while due to uncontrollable circumstances and now it seems like we are broken and fell out of love with eachother? Looking for advice on what to do to resolve this
You ramp it back up. Had a baby, can confirm. You start slow. Start with regular touch that’s intimate but isn’t sex. Massage without the pressure of sex. Etc. Plan dates that end in the bedroom. Talk about sex again, get books, what do you want to try? Get nice new sheets, tidy the bedroom and make it welcoming for sex. 

Basically, try.
[removed]
Do you think she will? I feel like the ‘effort’ part always falls on the guy and it’s assumed men should put in the effort. Why?
Well, he's the one asking for advice so all we can do is give it to him.  But all that same advice would still apply if his gf asked this question, or if this question was posed by any woman.  I understand that there's often more societal pressure for men to initiate, especially in the beginnings of relationships... but OP hasn't indicated that this is an issue for them at all, so no reason to worry about it unless OP suggests that.

Besides, touching each other as you walk past each other, cuddling at night, and just kissing while cooking dinner are all pretty low-effort things that can easily be initiated by either person.
I think you assumed my comment meant only OP. Nope :) Both of them can be making this same effort.
Let's not make this about you
I definitely agree with you but I'm thinking more about the situation. Injuries/pain can be more disruptive than people realize, and I wonder if she's focused on healing (consciously/unconsciously) and not thinking about sex for that reason. I know when I have, for example, back pain, snuggling/kissing with my sweetie isn't a top priority at all.

We're giving OP advice but the problem (notice I'm saying problem, not fault) is on both sides, on OP for not continuing intimacy and on his GF for maybe being in a place where intimacy wasn't desired due to health reasons.
&gt; I know when I have, for example, back pain, snuggling/kissing with my sweetie isn't a top priority at all.

That's kind of surprising to me; when I am in pain, spousal cuddling is approximately the top thing I want, right up there with painkillers and soup. Is that not common?
When I have a migraine the last thing I want is for anyone to touch me, even my husband. It's all different for different people.
Yeah. I normally want cuddles all day, every day, but every once in a while I get bad headaches (don't think they're necessarily migranes) that radiate pain all down my neck and make me nauseous, and all I want to do is stretch out on the couch alone, with something mindless on the TV, and wait for it to go away. Luckily boyfriend understands that, and outside of occasionally checking up on me/seeing if he can get me anything, he does his own thing until I feel better.
I'm a grumpy bear when I'm in pain and don't care much for being touched.
My husband will close the blinds, turn off the tv, and give me a blanket and a fat cat before he goes into his office so I can have some space. Helps me get over the migraine more quickly since I'm not moving around and making things worse.
Depends on the person, and also on the pain. For most kinds of pain I want hugs, but if it's a headache I just want to curl up and whimper by myself.
&gt;and give me a blanket and a fat cat

Damn that sounds awesome—he clearly loves you!

Summary:
Can I just go back to the way things were or is this a sign that this relationship is over?
Talk about sex again, get books, what do you want to try?
I think you assumed my comment meant only OP.
Massage without the pressure of sex.
Did I fall out of love with her because we had to live for a while without intimacy?
