Original Response:
[deleted]
[removed]
Scripture is pretty phenomenal when it comes to correcting. 

Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. -John 14:6

So only Jesus is the truth. Not us. He is the only way to eternal life because only His sacrifice paid for our sins. 

Then Jesus specifically gave us a template on how to pray in Matthew 6 with the “Our Father”. 

Prayer is powerful. Really great stuff once you are in a personal relationship with Jesus.
Do you feel happy trying to lead people astray?
I feel happy trying to lead people to enlightenment/disillusionment.
What is "a personal relationship with Jesus"?

Jesus never showed up to me and answer my questions.
Great question! Us men and women are born sinful and there is nothing we can do to earn salvation. Jesus came down from heaven and said that only He was the way to enter heaven.

In John 10:10, Jesus is quoted saying:

The thief comes only to steal and kill and destroy; I came that they may have life, and have it abundantly.

He promised us life and not just life but life abundantly! An eternal life. 

For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life. -John 3:16

All we have to do is accept God’s gift that was Jesus’s death on the cross for our sins and he will accept us without a question into heaven. 

Once we accept Christ as our personal savior, He comes into your life and the personal relationship begins!
But I've accepted it a long time ago... And I repeatedly repent and do it again to make clear to the Lord I truly believe in Him and accept Him into my life. And nothing happens. Only downfalls and failures in my life that I keep asking God to help me with.
Christian heaven is another problem.

Why should/must I worship him forever and ever 24/7 while he ignores me and many of us constantly while we are struggling?

Living forever and always young and healthy seems cool, but - there is no free lunch. He demands our constant worship and our losing of free will.
Good! Look at what James says about struggle!

Consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance.  Let perseverance finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything.

James 1:2-4

So do you see how God is speaking with you? He is making you more complete so that you will become mature and lack nothing through your trials! 

Look to Matthew 6 as to get an example on how to pray to the Father. Keep speaking with Him. He will answer.
Just ask yourself this if you question the “lameness of heaven”: is it better than being in complete darkness and fire that is hell? It’s an easy answer for me but you must weigh the consequences for your decisions as we all do. 

As for the struggle of living out our faith:

Consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance. Let perseverance finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything. -James 1:2-4
Well said! 🙌🙏 thanks for the encouragement
Leading people away from god is what results in leftists

Summary:
Jesus answered, “I am the way and the truth and the life.
He is making you more complete so that you will become mature and lack nothing through your trials!
What is "a personal relationship with Jesus"?
Let perseverance finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything.
