Original Response:
[removed]
Maybe you can put aside your “poor me” for a moment and empathize with your SO’s reality of her privacy being violated in this public way?
Still shitty for him. She didn't seem to care at all.
Maybe he can do both? In a healthy relationship, one partner's health shouldn't be completely ignored in favor of the other's. I think OP should start seeing a therapist to deal with this (because that could have been a fairly shocking and deeply uncomfortable experience with nasty results), alongside whatever they do as a couple to get over that issue.

He's not pulling a "poor me." He could very well be in a lot of emotional turmoil and pain, and posting about it on reddit, on a hub for people who've made mistakes that they continued to regret, may not be such a terrible idea. Granted, Reddit isn't therapy, but getting shit out and off your chest can really help some people.

Have some empathy of your own.
He’s in such turmoil because he’s been faced with a reality he’s hidden from himself- the fact that she has a sexual life before their relationship.
&gt;oh that fucking dickhead

Not what a person who didn’t care would say
Seems more like she was annoyed but not distraught. Like she didn't freak out just oh that dick head.
No, it’s more that he now knows for absolute certain that she did do with someone else something that he fantasises about, but she refused to do with him.

I can see how that would sting
No, you can’t tell *how* she said it.

Could have been a nonchalant comment, could have been screamed with apocalyptic fury. You can’t say for certain one way or the other
I guess that's true but if it happened to me I'd hope my girlfriend would have more to say against it, but I hope it doesn't happen to me.
So do we all, my friend
I'd be properly fucked up if I saw that. Don't know what I'd do. Luckily my lady is not against that particular act.
Am I the only guy that doesn’t want to spunk on anyone’s face?
Probably

Summary:
I can see how that would sting.
Maybe he can do both?
