Original Response:
Some hacker got access on my credit card today and used my card and charged 1000$ from my card and bought gems on his account i called bank and they done chargeback , just curious will i my main account get banned if someone used same card on their other account linked to my main?
What a coincidence. Some hacker, some random hacker who still credit cards just cus' they can, turns out to also be a GW2 player in need of moar gems!

What a shock.
I'm sorry, but how do you *think* third party gem sellers operate?
What do gem sellers have to do with anything here?
My point is that stolen credit cards frequently do get used for fraudulent game purchases.  
But yes, your smarmy 'obviously trying to get away with theft' allusion can't be discounted, either.
hacker would cash out right away, instead of risking charge-back
You kids would be surprised how big gold selling ring is in general on big saled games like Gw2 has one of most biggest gold selling community buying mrt. Card is also dead so there is no fear for another frauds.
Who's to say they didn't? The gems (supposedly) weren't charged to OP's account.  
Whichever account did purchase the gems could quickly sell gemstore items to customers, or perhaps currency trade for gold selling - the obvious paper trail, chargebacks, and bans that follow don't matter to them - they don't make their money from the stolen card, they make it from the RMT.  
  
Obviously these are pretty out-there hypotheticals, but if fraud wasn't lucrative, it wouldn't happen!
&gt; Who's to say they didn't?

OP did, charge-back would be impossible.
I think you have no idea how credit cards work.
no one cares what you think, make argument.
You can *always* chargeback on a creditcard. That's the whole point /u/Riddle-of-the-Waves is making. 

Picture this.

Person A: Owns CC  
Person B: Scammer  
Person C: RMT Buyer

Person B uses frauded CC of person A to buy gold for 1000$ in gw2 and sells it for lets say 250$ to person C. Person A proceeds to chargeback because he didn't authorize the transaction.  
Now person B profited, person C still got his gold and person A has to deal with their CC-company explaining the situation and they have to figure something out with arenanet, most likely resulting in banning all accounts associated with the card.
are we not cashing out anymore?
All depends on what exactly you want to accomplish, which is why he asked you if you knew how gem fraud and RMT sites work. Some people/companies are "specialized" in that field and their only goal is to do that.
still card, get cash (no gw2 involved, why go through extra steps?)
Are you dense? Because that's their business model. I'm not talking about your random joe here.
can you not follow a simple conversation? are you dense?
That's what I'm starting to wonder about you. OP talked about *RMT AND GEM FRAUD* and all you say is "go cash)) no extra step) go fast men)))" We aren't moving anywhere in this discussion because you are unable to understand or not willing to understand that people build businesses around taking frauded cards and "washing" that money through game RMT.
you missed the point, this needs a venn diagram at this now
The scammers dont transfer the money to their bank accounts straight away because that would be too simple to track. Have you ever heard about money laundering
[deleted]
Downvoted for "you kids". Come on, you can do better than that.
Third party gem sellers don't buy gems on a specific account to begin with.

Gems have a horrible conversation rate, gem store stuff is acc bound and any interaction with the account would be instantly linked to the fraud.

Gold sellers aren't retarded.
My my what a creative wellhung, by pointing out this obvious fact make you seem observant witty and overall pretty smart. Your strict adherence towards this solidfies this all further, i applaud your efforts on this.
Now that i think of it, i might have heard it, probably did not pay much attention at the moment. But i definitely remember hearing words "money" and "laundering" at several occasions in my life.

Sorry, what was the point of your comment?
You said



&gt;still card, get cash (no gw2 involved, why go through extra steps?)





They use something like gw2 to turn that illegal easily trackable money to something harder to trace (gems) and sell those for legal money. That way law enforcement/banks will have harder time tracking the scammer.
Yea, something like gw2. But not gw2. Something better and faster and less traceable and less charge-backable. Have you ever heard about money laundering?
While I can't tell you why one would use gw2 in specific (maybe the current gem to $$$ ratio is good) I can give a couple of reasons why online economies like gw2 are great for fraud like this



1. You dont have to provide shipping or billing address (at least not real). Lets say someone uses stolen credit card to purchase a TV on Amazon. They have to provide a shipping address and if they give their own then the police will have no issues tracking the culprit.



2. The industry is often very unregulated. The only defence gaming companies often have is a ban. They dont know how the real money switched hands so its very hard to track.






3. After the culprit has sold the in game currency to someone they might have gotten the buyers credit card info since the transactions are done online. They can then use the credit card to start over with a new victim.

Summary:
still card, get cash (no gw2 involved, why go through extra steps?)
My point is that stolen credit cards frequently do get used for fraudulent game purchases.
What do gem sellers have to do with anything here?
You said



&gt;still card, get cash (no gw2 involved, why go through extra steps?)
OP did, charge-back would be impossible.
Lets say someone uses stolen credit card to purchase a TV on Amazon.
