Original Response:
proof: https://imgur.com/a/RBhhpmz

EDIT: Yes. I know I'm technically waxing the vulva, I just say vagina out of simplicity.
Whats better, waxing or sugaring?
Oh sugaring for sure, technically speaking, I am a sugarist, but it's almost the exact same thing. The only difference is wax runs the risk of ripping the skin off and burning the skin, sugaring is a little more gentle, and soft wax is usually applied with a stick whereas, sugaring is applied by hand.
Sugaring is much better though! It causes less ingrowns.
That's been my experience. I find that a lot of people dont know sugaring is a form of epilation; they know what waxing is but have never heard of sugaring.
Does sugaring cause breakouts like waxing?
[deleted]
it's actually a big blob of sugar stuff so the fingers rarely touch your skin -- it's not like spreading lotion on or anything. Less creepy than waxing (to me)
I'm a guy that had his back hair removed by sugaring and I broke out terribly.  Did it twice and had such bad reactions I've just lived with the hair since.
Isn't that just the holes where the follicles used to be getting inflamed?

Maybe wash your back twice a day until it has fully healed. Idunno. Works for shaving in my case.
I appreciate the advice, if I ever give it another shot I'll try that. Was definitely taking a shower a day but not two.
I have neck hair that I had waxed once and I got terrible breakouts, almost like cysts. Never again...just fucking deal with it people, I have hair and it grows where it wants. I can’t help it.
I have sensitive skin and I have to disagree with this...we use ‘halawa’ or sugaring in my culture and that shit is pretty brutal on the skin. It sticks to everything, so it rips on on skin too, sometime get bruises actually especially when beauticians use just the ball of sugar..

It’s extremely effective at getting hair out though.
What is sugaring?
Aftershave brotha
Sounds like folliculitis. I used to get it on my back as well. Itched like a motherfucker! The good thing is that it happens less and less with each consistent waxing. And I do mean consistent. I don't get follucilitis at all anymore though at first you'd have thought I'd had some acne-like disease taking over me.
/r/sugarlifestyleforum
Should contain alcohol to kill off the baddies. But, judging from how it stings on the face, I wonder how bad it is for your whole back.
I can tolerate back pain more than face pain.
Loofa with a handle dude
Eli5?
Sounds exactly like what I had.  Oh well I've come to terms with my body hair, saves me money living with what I got.
Sugaring is a big glob of sugar melted with water and usually lemon juice. You can apply it with a stick and rip it off with a strip, like regular waxing. Or you can just apply it with your hand, dragging the glob of warm sugar down the skin, against the grain of hair, then quickly ripping it off.
So...its basically just melted lemonade mix?
I got sugared once and broke out CRAAAZZZYYYY BAD. Like... almost every single pore was a white head. I cried. I physically could not look at it. You can’t pop them either! It was so bad. But i realized i only broke out because I put some OTC anti-itch cream on right after my appointment! Ugh! 

The trick is... do not touch the sugared area AT ALL for at least 24 hours. After 24 hours, I put on Cortizone cream and I haven’t broken out since... and it’s been 3 trips back! Also just make sure you exfoliate like a mother fucker a few days before and you’re good!
If you boil a mixture of sugar, lemon juice, and water a certain way it turns into a molten caramel like substance that when spread on the skin and quickly ripped away can remove hair. It's an ancient hair removal technique that's still widely used today (obviously).
Or rub your skin with coconut oil. Naturally antimicrobial, keeps the skin soft and follicles open so they don't trap the new hair. Less painful than aftershave!
I just use an electric trimmer so never get any ingrown hairs
Laser hair removal. I can't recommend it enough. I dealt with it for 15 years with irritation, redness, etc (you already know.) So I said fuck it. Got the laser done, and I haven't looked back since. My skin is healed and I feel much better about myself.
Will it taste sweeter after sharing?
I could be wrong but I think coconut oil is comedogenic, so it's actually more likely to clog your pores and cause zits.
Did you take a good bath after, all the people I know that do sugaring immediately run home to clean up and scrub down cause they've had bad reactions. But bathing helps them a lot.
Does sugaring work as effectively as hard wax for really coarse hair?
I loved the sugaring result but imo it hurts more
The ole Country Time “stick and rip”
Buy a backblade. They're on amazon and very affordable
Holy shit.....so you make Carmel and pour it on your skin? On purpose!? Have spent a long time in kitchens, and the two things I don't want my skin to come in contact with is melted sugar and boiling grits. Shits like napalm.
it's literally sugar.
Then have it as a nice refreshing snack when you are done.
I'd say sounds more like caramel...
So you walk out naked or with, like, a sarong on? And do you walk bow-legged down the street to your home an lie, unclothed from the waist down, on your sofa for 24 hours? Or what? Because I get ingrowns like mad from waxing. It's just not worth it.
Cuntry Time

Edit: cheers, friend.
Exfoliate beforehand to remove any dead skin then wash clean with a gentle soap. Afterwards, use a clean hand towel (the length of a hand towel will let you get your whole back more easily) each time you wash your back after waxing. It takes a long time for your pores to close and your skin to heal completely after ripping hair out from the root. Do NOT use a real loofah for at least 3 days after waxing or shaving. Bacteria from one of those things can cause a serious skin infection if you have any small cuts or abrasions. A plastic loofah/scrubby on a handle should be disinfected before and after each use. Put some rubbing alcohol in a spray bottle and spray the scrubby until it starts to drip and then spray it some more, wait 15 seconds, and you should be good.
Shower, after shave on the area or even an alcohol wipe, and clean, linen or cotton shirts.
[deleted]
Haha! Fortunately my apartment is across the street so it was a short walk. But i literally find the loosest pair of boy short underwear I own and I wear it there and then just lay down for a few hours. I schedule my sugaring after work so I can just sleep and not touch anything after haha. Ingrowns are a beast... the worst is when you foolishly wear lacy underwear as it’s starting to come back in... never again
This was the underrated joke of the thread
Halawa on yo vulva.

(It rhymes phonetically)
Well, clearly a lot of you disagree with me, but as for my skin, I've never had a problem when I do this and guaranteed ingrown hairs and irritated follicles if I skip this step. I guess I'm different.
Gotta exfoliate. On your back its hard without a second person though.
I got a wife, I could ask her if need be.
[deleted]
Thanks! Playing Def Leopard also helps ease the pain during the sugaring process.
ah yes “Rip Some Sugar Off Me”, a classic
Bacteria gets into the follicles and causes a very minor local infection causing inflammation but heals in a week. You can prevent this by applying rubbing alcohol, which will hurt like crap for a short amount of time
Yes, and the beauty of it is that you can still sell it as lemonade after!
Someone gild this comment!
Have yourself an upvote.
It's not a matter of disagreeing.  Coconut oil is highly comedogenic.
Made me lol in an inappropriate moment. Thanks.
Happy cake day!
Should that method be done for other bath/shower materials such as wash clothes
Wash cloths should be rinsed thoroughly and washed and wrung out after each use. You can wash and rinse it before you use it each time just to be extra safe. Anything that washes a butt hole should be washed between uses if not sanitized. Anything that gets wet needs to be able to dry completely between uses, which is what makes loofahs so tricky. Natural ones have issues with drying completely which leads to bacteria growth and subsequent infections when used on broken skin.
I've had both done (brazillian) and sugaring was MISERABLY painful compared with waxing.

But my aesthetician who does my waxes is also the best ever, so.
Okay thanks. have a towel rack at rear end of the shower which is where I hang my wash cloth using for the week or two. Also how what’s recommended time to change towels/linen? We try to change every 1-2 weeks. I’m going to google this information now btw, but I still be happy to know your input
You use it at room temperature.
Sure! 

Every few uses is a good time, 3-5. I try to use my towel at least 5 times, my husband only uses his twice before getting a fresh one. You would probably want to change a wash cloth as often as your towel. Hand towels should be changed out pretty regularly as well. 

Bed linens change out at least once every two weeks if not weekly.
I'm a rather hirsute man (unfortunately), and I've been thinking about getting some wax work done. I will be sure to enquire about sugaring instead of just waxing. Thanks for the tip!.
But it’s water soluble unlike hard wax. You can just rinse it off.
Yes! Mine was so bad from sugaring that I had to stop removing the hair with wax/sugaring and do laser hair removal. I had ingrowns, scars, blemishes, etc for almost a year.
Sugaring is actually supposed to help prevent ingrowns. Waxing literally causes them. I don't think waxing or sugaring generally make people break out into acne though.
*You got the peaches, I got the cream!*...
Sugaring is 1000x better and more tolerable
Do you remember?  Country Time remembers.

(it always just sounds like a company who could fit in well with Pepperidge Farms)
And now I'm imagining little girls running a lemonade stand and giving waxes on the side.

Lemonade: $1
CountryTime Stick &amp; Rip: $10
LPT: Once you're done you can add it to your coffee and save money on buying sweetener!
Also really good for exfoliating. At the end of the wax you can see all your dead skin turn the sugar wax a gray color. Really cool/weird.
Now I’m horny. Well..,
Nair worked really well for me, just not the Nair wax.
Making me thirsty (👁 ͜ʖ👁)
This is how I feel too. I stopped shaving al| together several years back. Being female though, it's hard to have the just fucking deal with it attitude. People judge hard when it a girl with hairy pits and legs.
The last 2 times I got waxed, skin was ripped off. Around sensitive areas, it's not ideal at all. Tried sugaring and it hurt so much less compared to waxing and was so much more gentle. It also took so much longer.
Hairy pits wasn't even an issue until a century ago when sleeveless dresses became a thing.  Gillette really jumped on board with wanting to effectively double its consumer base by marketing to women, and leg shaving finally became trendy with WWII pin-up girls.
How do I give gold on mobile? I want to give you gold!
Probably goes well with ice and Pitu.
We're like way the fuck down here and this gold here is fucking top shelf.
I've had it done a few times and it certainly can, but I've also managed to not.

I recommend making sure you do a good job of cleansing before and after.
Can confess, have gotten bruises next to my package a few times.
Is it as simple as the youtube videos sound? It seems like from the videos that it can be done at home relatively easily.
Remember when folks had bushes the size of an affordable washing machine? Country Time remembers.
Usually if you're sensitive to waxing sugaring will be good for you and vis versa. I used to break out terribly with wax and with sugar I'm A-OK. You'll never know though until you try.
by...hand??
Thank you for making me a more complete human being.
Can labia be sugared? I'd be worried about yeast infections.
You should just use a ball of meat, that gives out butter.
Take us through a day in the life of a professional vagina waxer. How many vaginas get waxed a day? 

What's the worst story you have to share?
Most all day I do vaginas, some want it all off, some want just a basic bikini, and some want landing strips. 
Some people can take the pain pretty easily because their body gets used to it, and some, especially redheads, will scream bloody murder. I don't mind when someone is shouting "ouch!", but many will try to act out and jump all over the table and try to grab onto me for support and close their legs when I'm trying to get in there, and I have to get stern with them. It's funny how whenever I tell them I won't be able to complete the service if they don't be still, it suddenly isn't as painful🤔

Edit: one time I had somebody FaceTime their friend and fake react to try to be funny,
I've had people who've come in to get their brows done who have had their brows completely waxed off at other places and basically have PTSD from that, so they jump when I'm trying to remove eyebrow hair, obviously that makes it harder for me and I mess it up, making their PTSD worse. 

Another Edit: I have about 15-20 a day
But redheads have a better pain tolerance? No?
Why is it worse for redheads?  Redheads are thought to have higher pain tolerance so is it something about the hair itself?
Myth
Gingervitis makes vagina hair thicker and more painful to remove.
Interesting
Yup. Deeper roots - it's really hard to get out.
For some redheads they have more tolerance, for some it’s less. In general, tho, we need more anesthesia.
maybe. but they also have larger hair follicles. that means larger roots and whatnot. so, more flesh to come out with each hair. ow!
[deleted]
It's a different pain tolerance from others. I've had organs almost rupture while barely making a noise because it didn't really phase me much. It was uncomfortable, and yeah it hurt, but it wasn't like... the most excruciating pain. Meanwhile, you will see me go 5 years between visits to the dentist. Novocain doesn't work as well and I can feel everything. My mom wakes up during surgeries because the medication doesn't properly knock her out.

Source: Am redhead from a long line of redheads

Edit: More [sources.](https://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/08/06/the-pain-of-being-a-redhead/)

&gt;The MC1R gene belongs to a family of receptors that include pain receptors in the brain, and as a result, a mutation in the gene appears to influence the body's sensitivity to pain.
&gt; many will try to act out and jump all over the table and try to grab onto me for support and close their legs when I'm trying to get in there, and I have to get stern with them.

r/nocontext
Says the stankbooty
Username checks out
Okurrrrr.
Ah. I see. Sorry/not sorry?
Tupac was wrong.
Catholic Mass
So, which are you. Ginger or blonde?
Haha fair question. Redhead. Username has stuck since I have stereotypically “blonde moments”
Ok, also a redhead here. The dentist is my nightmare. Got a tooth pulled once as a child and spent 2 hours crying bc I felt everything even though they gave me ~3 shots of novacaine and refused to give me more after that despite my outcries. Lol. I have a relatively high pain tolerance.....but anything regarding my teeth is a big nope.
They have a higher tolerance for pain medication, not pain.
Yes! I was probably like 16 years old when a dentist was drilling my teeth and saw me flinching constantly. He finally asked, "Can you feel that?!" And I was like "... yeah... like always?" I literally had no idea you weren't supposed to feel it. 

Ever since then I've gone to better dentists that are really good about making sure I have enough novacaine but the psychological damage is done. As an adult I can't bring myself to go unless I *absolutely* need to.
Not a myth. Peer reviewed research confirms it
[deleted]
Has anyone ever yelled "Kelly Clarkson!"
that's a good one
It’s both. Need more anesthesia but higher tolerance for pain as well
Redheads are sensitive to everything. Sun expose, waxing, many skincare ingredients, and in my experience redheads seem to just have a horrible tolerance for pain.
I had a woman friend of mine who wanted to wax my butthole for ehh.. recreational purposes. I didn't find the pain to be too intense. If it was my balls, I could see it being an issue.
I heard that redheads have a naturally lower pain threshold and are also more susceptible to infections and skin irritations. Must not be fun sometimes. But on the other hand, there are some really great looking redheads out there!
How dare you.
Yes and anaesthetics don't work on us nearly as well. The dentist absolute hell.
I've been there. They gave me probably 6-7 shots over a couple hours before refusing to give me anymore for safety reasons. It just wore off too fast every time.
Pulling their hair is like pulling the pin of a grenade, it’s not pain, its fury that makes them jump 😜
That's disrespectful.

And accurate.
They have no soul.
Here in Britain we call it 'being a wuss'.
&gt; some want it all off, some want just a basic bikini, and some want landing strips. 

Let’s talk percentages here.  As someone that is married and only sees one vagina, What’s the current trend?
I had to have an ingrown toenail removed and had 6 shots of anesthesia and could still feel everything.  So, they just called in two extra male nurses and held me down while they ripped out my toenail.

Also, anesthesia wore off half way through my vasectomy.  Since I was already at the max dosage, they could not give me more and had to finish the procedure without it.  Felt like being shocked with a cattle prod in the testicles over and over.

Fun times being a redhead...
This is interesting to learn as a redhead, for most of my life my pubic hair hurt. Like, having them *hurt*. An almost constant dull pain at the root that thankfully has eased with age.
You have the pain tolerance backwards.
"Only a ginger can call another ginger ginger" -- Tim Minchin
Yeah you wouldn't want to disrespect the church now. Might end up in you know where.
Same here.  But the worst was when it wore off half way through my vasectomy and they couldn't give me any more.
The confession box with a horny priest?
http://www.blonde-redhead.com/3oclock/
I've no gold to give but I hope someone gives you some.
This is the right answer. I always ask for more Novocain at the dentist because the shit doesn't work for shit. I didn't realize this until age 20 though so my teen years were riddled with dentist visits at which I felt everything. Thought it was normal. I would just be like, "don't be a little baby!" with tears rolling down my cheek from the excruciatingly painful experience I was having. It's fucking bullshit they they don't automatically ask redheads if they want more than normal. Should be standard procedure.
Redhead here, can confirm. I've perfected a poker face against pain when I'm in public, but when I'm alone you know I'm gonna collapse in a ball of pain and anguish at a stubbed toe.
Championship city!
my dad is a redhead and I'm not, but i wonder if i inherited the anesthesia thing bc i had to get 12 shots of novacaine the last time a dentist was working on me. it was ridiculous.
I got a root canal without enough Novocain. LPT? Don't do that. 
Source:am ginger
I am not technically a redhead but my mother is. The few gray hairs I have were red when I was younger. I've had this problem at the dentist where the anesthetic used didn't work well at all so I've always felt some amount of pain through the procedures. Tell your dentist. My current dentist uses a couple different anesthetics (and more of it) and I finally know pain free dental work. Whole new world!
As far as I remember, redheads have both. They're more sensitive to milder pain and more tolerant of extreme pain.

They also tend to bleed more.
I tell people it's not that bad. I don't consider myself having a really high pain tolerance.

Honestly, getting my vag waxed... even just above the clit... is NOTHING compared to the ankles or side/back knee area. THAT SHIT HURTS!
My instinct was to downvote you based solely on the sheer amount of horror I felt reading that. I can't imagine the pain!
!redditsilver
I’ve read that redheads have lower pain tolerance.
My red headed friends are just lil bitches then lol
It's the Gingervitus
r/evenbetterinthiscontext
On stage at Aretha Franklin's funeral?
No, its lower in general, especially for thermal based pain.

Redheads pain threshold is only higher in electrical forms of pain, interestingly.

We also process narcotics and anesthetics differently (in some cases needing 30% more anesthetic than average during an operation.)
&lt;-- Redhead also, and depending on type of pain/sensation, it's different also. Cold seems to really 'hurt' when it's biting cold. But other stuff, like sprained ankle... no biggy. I've cracked a couple ribs falling from high place and while it was painful, it wasn't that bad. Compared to another friend who did the same thing, I though he was experiencing his rib bones puncturing his lungs or something, turns out the crack in his was way more minor than mine was. Anyway, there's ups &amp; downs from what I've experienced in differences of pain perceptions. The anesthesia thing though... jesus. I need 2x for any dental work. I woke up during wisdom tooth extraction, like halfway through w/doctor who had his knee up on the chair pulling at my jaw bone. "Oh, oh... he's waking up!" Remember it like yesterday.
Can confirm. Am redhead. Dentists hate me.
ginger here. can confirm I live 98% of my life squinting when I go outside because of the sun. Even when there is no sun out...it's still bright
I'm not a religious man, but if there is a hell, that creepy fuck has a pineapple with his name on it
No, we have a lower pain tolerance AND we need more anesthesia to kill the pain. It sucks.
I don't get It! What quote are they referencing?
r/subsyoufellfor
[deleted]
Ahh gotcha.
https://youtu.be/KVN_0qvuhhw
Same. It’s actually pretty recent that anesthesiologists accepted red hair as a phenotype for making dosage decisions. I used to have to convince dentists to give me more Novocain, but I’m finding that more and more have finally heard we need more than the non- follicular challenged.. We metabolize painkillers really fast. I woke up twice during a surgery. They had tied me down the second time I woke up. Apparently I tried to escape the first time.
r/nocuntwax
My husband’s hair is carrot orange and I have always judged him so harshly over his intolerance of even minor headaches. He recently had a crown done and has been saying he has migraines and stays in bed all day when he’s never had s migraine before. 

He’s also profoundly lazy so I can’t decide if he’s seriously in pain or just playing me.
[Academic paper](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1692342/) for those who are interested and want to learn more.
I once had a severe abscess that was pushing into my nerve in my sinus. Started hurting when I was camping so I couldn't get help for a few days. When I finally sat down in the chair, they gave me a shot and it dulled the pain a little. The guy drills in a bit and then this terrible smell fills the area. It was a cubicle style dentist so he said he would be back shortly after it drained and left me there. What happened next was the move severe pain I have ever felt in my entire life. Waves of pain shooting into my eyes and nose. I broke down and when he finally came back all I said was please help me. He very quickly busted out another needle full of anesthetic and stuck me near the tooth in question. No effect. He tried a different spot. Nothing. Finally he hit the nerve and the pain COMPLETELY stopped. Like not even a little sore. It was a combination of euphoria and this weird silence, like my brain was screaming and it finally shit up. I just sat there, face completely wet with tears, and he said, "sit back and open up". 

Moral of the story? BRUSH YOUR FUCKING TEETH
From a [NY Times blog](https://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/08/06/the-pain-of-being-a-redhead/):

&gt;Researchers believe redheads are more sensitive to pain because of a **mutation in a gene that affects hair color**. In people with brown, black and blond hair, the gene, for the melanocortin-1 receptor, produces melanin. But a mutation in the **MC1R gene** results in the production of a substance called pheomelanin that results in red hair and fair skin.


&gt;The **MC1R gene belongs to a family of receptors that include pain receptors in the brain**, and as a result, a mutation in the gene appears to influence the body’s sensitivity to pain. A 2004 study showed that redheads require, on average, about 20 percent more general anesthesia than people with dark hair or blond coloring. And in 2005, researchers found that **redheads are more resistant to the effects of local anesthesia, such as the numbing drugs used by dentists**.


&gt;The mutation in the MC1R gene also occurs in brunets (sic), although it’s less common. In the latest study, the researchers tested for the MC1R gene variant, finding it in 65 of 67 redheads and in 20 of 77 people with brown or black hair. The participants were surveyed about dental-care anxiety, fear of dental pain and whether they avoid going to the dentist.


&gt;People with the MC1R gene variant had more dental care–related anxiety and fear of dental pain than those without the gene variant. And they were more than twice as likely to avoid dental care.


&gt;Dr. Daniel I. Sessler, an anesthesiologist and chairman of the department of outcomes research at the Cleveland Clinic, said he began studying hair color after hearing so many colleagues speculate about redheads requiring more anesthesia.


&gt;“**The reason we studied redheads in the beginning, it was essentially an urban legend in the anesthesia community saying redheads were difficult to anesthetize**,” Dr. Sessler said. “This was so intriguing we went ahead and studied it. **Redheads really do require more anesthesia, and by a *clinically important* amount.**”



Edit: format
Can we stop pretending that redheads have souls?
Do you think this could apply to someone with red undertones?  My hair is mostly brown but there is reddish hue too.  When I go to the dentist they have to give me 10mg ativans, the maximum amount of novocaine they legally can, and then still fight the clock before it wears off to get a bit of work done.  I know it's partially because I am anxious, but even with that cocktail I am still flinching because I start to feel it within 40 min at most.  I'm not a pussy when it comes to pain.  I had kidney stones and infections as a result (multiple) and never hit a ten on the pain scale.  The kidney stones were only slightly easier than 3 separate pregnancies and deliveries. :/
NOPE NOPE NOPE
Have you tried... not being a little baby? You big baby!
Tupacs song 'Keep Ya Head Up' : "the darker the flesh and the deeper the roots".
Funny, all the redheads in my family (myself included) have a much higher tolerance for both cold and hot than most people, as well as piercing/stinging pain.
Can confirm.  Married to a redhead and she's sensitive to everything I say.
Lower pain tolerance
In that link I added it says that the MC1R gene mutation can occur in brunettes as well (just less common) so I'd say it's likely that's part of the problem. :/ Sorry, MC1R gene mutation friend.
I hear their souls more easily depart for warmer regions, too.
Erm... sudden onset of migraines can mean a lot of things.

I'm no doctor, but some of those things are really bad, and some of them are really mild, so maybe just keep an eye on him.
Had to have stitches north of the border. The injection of pain killer hurt so bad two nurses had to come in and hold me down. Like you the anesthetic ran out halfway through and rather than hit me again they did the last couple of stitches sans anesthetic - not pleasant! That said, I’ve always felt I’ve had a fairly high pain tolerance. Yes, red headed. Dentist is actually not bad, my dental tech is pretty damn good about not hurting me.
[deleted]
I feel like mine is higher. Not sure on the anesthetic but my dentist does seem to be able to numb me. I came out from anesthetic during a wisdom tooth removal faster than expected. Definitely process drugs differently, first time taking Benadryl I stumbled and slurred like I was drunk - at work no less! I’ve had some pretty good dental pain, long story, and I was taking some pretty heavy drugs to knock it out without issue. Alcohol hits me hard but I don’t pass out, can function with a ton in me, and seem to sober up more quickly. I get zero hangovers, like none whatsoever! Caffeine does zero for me, nothing nada zilch. Chew nodoze and take a nap no problem. Weird for sure!
Omg I'm a redhead and waxing hurts me soooo much! My waxer is Romanian and she's always shaking her head and exclaiming in her super strong accent "I always know a natural redhead! Red hair is the worst! Such strong hair!"
You got it backwards, redheads are known to have the lowest tolerance for pain.
Sun exposure is different than physical pain.
Mr Miyagi
I generally have a very high pain tolerance with the exception of burns. On the down side, it takes way more lidocaine or anesthesia to have the desired effect at the doctor/dentist.
Holy shit, is that last part true? I have always wondered why standard narcotic doses never seemed to help me.
Ginger here. I feel like I have a higher threshold for certain types of pain. Then again I haven't been anything else my whole like, so I don't know if my threshold is the same as other colors or not.
This is the first time I’ve seen someone use r/nocontext in an actually amusing way.
“The darker the flesh and the deeper the roots. The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice.” -Tupac Lamar
[deleted]
Not sure if it’s a red head thing but I’ve got more than the normal number of root canals. It’s “not good” when they miss one! Had to have a tooth redone and while he’s in there he says oh, looks like they missed one! The previous root canal had been done YEARS before. Well I’ll clean it out fully when you return he says.... 

That night the pain began and by morning I was banging on their door in agony. Narcotic drugs and then had to drive to another office to have it cleaned out fully. Even better, they sprained my damn jaw doing it, you will NOT like that either but it’s a different pain at least. Worst pain experience ever, reset my high bar for pain for sure! I’ve since figured out that at least two other teeth have additional canals, yikes!

I’ve also had a tooth go bad and it was 24 hours before they could get me in, nothing otc touched the pain. Ice water gave relief but do not swallow it as you’ll be cycling quite a lot of water thru as it warms and you cannot swallow that much water. Dude hit me with novacaine and I literally fell asleep in his chair when it hit I was so exhausted!
Can confirm, process alcohol and pain killers faster than normal. Thankfully my dentist seems to have no issues using extra!
I'm a midwife and it's known amongst us that redheads bleed more too!
There’s a relationship between hair color and pain. I have one blond eyebrow and one brunette.  I can pluck all the brown hairs I want without feeling much, but plucking a blond hair seriously hurts for a bit.  I can only stand plucking a few at a time.
My dad told me that. He's a Marine and got his wisdom teeth pulled without any local anesthetic. I'm a little baby.
Sorry about your balls dude
I've always been afraid of getting hurt beyond most other things, I still don't know how to ride I bike because I refuse to fall off, but I've always loved a good shock. The hair looks nice, but is it worth the cost?
I'm the son of a redhead whose beard grows red, and even though the hair my barber cuts is largely blonde, I still have trouble with the dentist. Got a crown recently and the dentist couldn't believe that I still had sensation on my tooth after all the novacain. I didn't have feeling in my cheek until I woke up the next morning. I can't even imagine the hell you must live in.
It's Tupac Shakur.
I was kidding! Sorry you had shitty times at the dentist, I did too.
At least I don't have to worry about getting my vagina waxed, being a ginger dude and all.
You sound really happy.
&gt;Haha fair question. Redhead. Username has stuck since I have stereotypically “blonde moments” 
I'm a 'Strawberry blonde' pretty much blonde hair aside from my head and chin.

&gt;"Only a ginger can call another ginger ginger" -- Tim Minchin

I used to pull out the old "Hey, that is our word" when one of my managers (the chillest bald dude ever) called me a ginger at the Walmart I was working at, until one of my coworkers told me in private that he was actually offended and it was "our word" never felt so offended at somebody taking offense to an obvious, very playful joke.
Dropped by to greet some of the people I enjoyed working with a while back, turns out my chill, bald manager can grow a rockin' redbeard. Yarrgh, he be a ginger too.
😔
Amazing band!!
It’s maybe lower. They can require more anaesthetic for dental and surgical purposes.
Red heads in general tend to be less susceptible to anesthesia so I'd imagine pain might definitely be more acute for them. I'm really fair skinned and blonde and I tend to have a godawful pain tolerance, especially with skin stuff.
I bought their album like a decade ago in college cause I wanted to talk to the cute girl at the counter and just grabbed something. It's cool to see they are still making music, gotta check it out.
I was going to say. I’m a redhead, and mom is too. Dentist visits are shit, any stitches are shit, any minor procedure where we’re not completely asleep is shit.
I can’t tell if you’re joking.
My SO is a red head and he loses it if I try to pluck one or two eyebrow hairs.
It's strange that so many people here, even the professional, doesn't know the difference between the [vagina](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vagina) and the [vulva](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulva). Vagina comes from the latin word for sheath and is internal. The thought of a hairy vagina is disturbing, and I imagine that waxing one would be pretty fiddly.
&gt; Also, anesthesia wore off half way through my vasectomy.

Oh well, I slept long enough last night anyway...
Facts! Source: Was a cattle once
He should see a doctor.
[deleted]
The term vagina is a generally accepted name for the female nether region. It's not anatomically correct, but nor is a lot of commonly accepted terms. 

You're not going to prove anything to anyone here.

That's all I've got to say about that.
Can confirm.  Am redhead.
The body overcompensates for not having a soul.
Redheads can have more pain with dental work, too.
I remember reading a study that mentioned redheads actually have a lower pain tolerance than others. Somewhere around 15%. I'm at work and can't really search the interwebs for the article, but I'm sure googling will get you there. But if I recall the type of pain matters for their tolerance.
No one has a soul.
TIL anaesthesia needs a soul to be 100% effective. 

And I sell anaesthetic gas for a living.


(although to be fair I'm in Asia. Redheads are basically non-existant.)
My understanding is that they experience higher pain, so the opposite of what you're saying. I never looked into it, but that's what the red heads I know tell me.
Lol married life! You didn't believe when your wife said it's worse for her, didn't bother to do a quick internet search about red heads and pain tolerance. Then you believe a stranger on Reddit :P
You do not wax vaginas, you wax vulvas. So many people seem to not know the difference despite owning one of each. You no more wax a vagina than a man shaves the inside of his mouth each morning.
"A stranger on Reddit" is a funny way of saying a licensed professional who deals with the exact situation on a daily basis.  Enjoyed your snide comment though.  Keep up the good work!
[deleted]
He does every couple of months with the VA
As long as they are female. Have you ever met a good looking male red head?
Oh absolutely. I have never had narcotics work for me, and whenever I've and to be knocked out for surgery it takes waaaay longer/more drugs to put me under than they expect. when I was going under for my wisdom teeth removal I remember hearing the tech say "why isn't she asleep yet, that's way more than she should need!" And the doc had to explain to her it's because I'm a redhead.
The guy who plays Admiral Hux in the new Star Wars is a redhead and he’s quite handsome.
As a dentist, I completely understand
As a redhead, I learned that the gas works much better than novacaine. Request the gas next time.
Apparently it’s both. Depends on the type of pain. https://www.ucihealth.org/blog/2018/04/redheads-pain
It’s apparently both. Depends on type of pain. https://www.ucihealth.org/blog/2018/04/redheads-pain
Isn't the way ingrown nails are fixed to trim the edge and not rip it out?
Both apparently. https://www.ucihealth.org/blog/2018/04/redheads-pain  Depends on kind of pain.
Hmmm maybe.
Hey! Someone in Ireland recently said I look like this actor! I didn’t see the resemblance myself but once she said it, maybe
As a redhead who's done a full Brazilian, the pain was never that bad. I think I said "ouch" but never screamed bloody murder. :)
I feel for the wife.
You just married is all
It had gotten so bad that both sides had started curving down in to my toe.  So, they made cuts on both sides (leaving a thin strip in the middle) and ripped the sides up and out.
also the first time noone replies with the default r/evenwithcontext bullshit
I'm a redhead and have been waxed a couple times.  It hurts but I've never not been able to do all of it.  I have a home wax kit that I definitely won't be touching though.
[deleted]
Yeah also that. I hate almost all of those subreddits that basically just exist to be linked. The whole r/subsyoufellfor r/jesuschristreddit etc spam is insufferable.
Yeah her orgasms are insane.
Im a red headed male and have been told that red heads pain tolerance is not near as good as most others. I know mine definitely isn't.
Why would you say something so controversial yet so brave?
I’ve got one copy of the gene and when I get work done at the dentist it wears off halfway through and has to be applied again.
I’m right there with you. 

When i was having my son, i had to have a c section. I asked two different doctors about me being a redhead and requiring more anesthesia. They looked at me like i had two heads. After my doctor got my son out of me (or roughly half way through the procedure, like you) my spinal anesthesia wore off. I started to feel *everything*. I’m sorry you had to finish your vasectomy without anything else. Thankful my anesthesiologist was able to put something in my IV that sent me on a magic carpet ride for the rest of my c-section. 

But yeah. Being a redhead is so fun.
[deleted]
I am a redhead. I don’t know that I have a horrible pain tolerance (I’ve been through natural childbirth with no pain meds twice - it’s not horrible.) And I’ve gotten Brazillian’s quite a few times and I don’t recall it being that awful either. 

Except for the Dentist. I can attest that getting dental work is worse than childbirth and I go through the pain meds so fast, it’s pretty miserable.
Bill Weasley. Damian Lewis. Seth Green.
Am redhead and can confirm. 
Not only is my skin super sensitive to pain, but even touch. My hair touching my face is distracting at best and infuriating most of the time. 
I am also super sensitive to kisses though😉
Prince Harry is a pretty good looking guy.
I had my dentist give me vicodan.  I would take one an hour before dental work.  Than i would put in my earbuds,  put on some tunes, and then put the nosepiece on and they would fire up the nitrous oxide.  After a bit they woud do the Novocaine shots.  By then I couldn't give a shit if I wanted to.
Just because it's how laysmen people use it doesn't mean we shouldn't make any effort to correct it. As someone in healthcare, with the amount of ignorance many women have about their own anatomy, we ought to make sure people know what parts they have.

Plus, professionals should really use correct terminology.
Hell be next after Hitler
I sang your username immediately
I wonder why redheads?
Don't they also have a higher pain tolerance with electricity or something like that?
Ah, that's an ok trade-off :D
My son is a redhead and I’ve noticed he’s more sensitive to pain and even touch.
Technically it's the vulva I would guess, (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulva  NSFW) but most people prolly call it vagina now as a reference to the whole thing.
Nice. I believe he also played Bill Weasley in the Harry Potter films. He’s what my mom would call a real dapper dan.
/r/subredditsashashtags
Can I ask whether there might be a payoff?
If a redhead's skin is more sensitive, are their clits maybe more sensitive too?

Redheaded women have a reputation for wild sex, after all.

"Redheaded women buck like goats."

James Joyce
This is like a dnd race irl. Resistant to poison, but vulnerable to physical and with sunlight sensitivity.
Absolutely! I'm the same way. My SO calls it a Spidey sense
[deleted]
Thank you, p00Pie\_dingleBerry
Aretha Franklin's funeral
I don’t have any evidence for that, but my breasts/nipples are super sensitive. I can’t hardly go braless.
Anesthetics as well wear off sooner.
/r/cosbyortrump
I am a redhead and have Chron's disease and have had to have a few colonoscopies over the years. I see all the other patients getting them getting wheeled out from the procedures asleep and I'm always awake. I've also woken up in a surgery before. I don't think some doctors take this into account enough.
My hubby always makes fun of me because I start sneezing if I don't put my sunglasses on right away.
Can confirm. Gf is ginger. 

... the good looking thing. Not the pain thing.
I wonder what other superpowers and superinhibitors accompany the redhead lifestyle
Am ginger.

While I wouldn’t say my pain tolerance is super low, it is indeed an issue.

Worst thing is local anesthetic not working, neither do certain meds, like OxyContin. Codeine works, but only in high doses. 

Does suck, but I’ve never needed to pluck my eyebrows, coz you can’t see ‘em, so there’s that.

Probably for the best, I can only imagine how painful it would be!
Apparently red heads experience pain differently and can even be hard to put under for surgery and stuff. Poor things
Am redhead.  Can confirm :-(
In my defense, I have been waxed plenty without flinching — getting It over with more quickly is a strong motivator.
They did that on mythbusters and they found the opposite. Maybe the hair is actually different.
They have more nerve endings than non redheads.
Yeah that should get mentioned to a doctor.
That's a bit of a myth. What is true is pain medication doesn't work nearly as well and they can't be knocked out nearly as easily by meds.
DAMN.
Anesthesiologists automatically give redheads a higher dosage before surgery without even asking.
Wait what? How can you know it's a minor headache if he's finding it very difficult to withstand it? How much it hurts and your capacity to withstand it is pretty much the only factor that matters to see if it's a major or a minor headache.
You might have read that in National Geographic. 

Redhead here. I needed 8 shots of novacane (or whatever) when i was getting a root canal because it just wasnt strong enough. Or wore off faster or something.
I had the exact same thing happen to me (minus the extra nurses) when I had my ingrown toenail removed, that hurt so fucking bad. When I broke my arm the decided to use conscious sedation while they were setting it, told me I wouldn't remember I thing, they lied I still remember everything, and I felt everything. When I had a hernia repair surgery, they thought that sedation would be enough, they were wrong. I was apparently fighting them on the operating table and they ended up having to paralyze me, thankfully I don't remember that.
I’m a redhead and while I’m sensitive to sun in the sense I can burn easily and also react badly to some skincare products, I certainly have a high pain tolerance - getting waxed from the hips down is no biggie. EXCEPT for one spot on my calves (not my shins) - fuck me dead that shit hurts!!
That’s interesting. I’m a redhead and I also have an extremely low tolerance for minor headaches. They render me pretty damn disabled, I struggle to focus and always find myself grasping for pain killers.
What is it with women and not believing men can be in pain?

I don't know how prevalent it is with others, but every women I've been with has always been a prick about it.
[removed]
Ha I like how you're at work so can't search the internet, but browsing Reddit... that's fine!
&gt; I don't mind when someone is shouting "ouch!", but many will try to act out and jump all over the table and try to grab onto me for support and close their legs when I'm trying to get in there, and I have to get stern with them.

You sound like I imagine a dog groomer talking about dogs who give them a hard time while cutting their nails. It's basically the same thing my vet tech said to me about why she was able to cut my dog's nails (when it was never going to happen with me).
This also happened to me. After my son was out it suddenly wore off and I could feel it all. 
Had a nice few years of PTSD therapy for that one.
Lol yeah. Sounds weird. My tour was walking in the door. (Ziplines guide)
Not a redhead but needed 4 shots for my last filling. I have never needed that much...I could feel a vertical vein or something behind my eye which pushed my contact lens out a bit, felt very weird.
I bring my own vicodin and a case of whippets, a cracker and balloon.
That made me lol
I can understand that, when I relate it to my own hobbies. Even in my hobbies it's a losing battle though.

Most guns take magazines, not clips. Literally anything that's not a screen isn't called a modem. And finally most novices in woodworking seem to call many things a planer (or worse a planar or planner)...

You can try to correct people but they're not going to learn more often than not. Also in this thread at least, most people came off as jerks just trying to sound smart.
I remember once getting just the right amount of sunburn to turn my back into a large erogenous zone, it was wonderful. I'm also really sensitive anyway, I get tingles when my barber shaves my neck.
Burning in the sun.
They don’t need to spend as much time in the sun to get vitamin D and their bodies are better at making vitamin D to substitute the lack of sun their bodies were made for
Had a dentist drilling away on my bottom left side and I don't think the stuff ever kicked in.

Really didn't want to say anything, so I just sat there and kind of suffered in silence.  Had to go to another dentist to finish do a root canal on the other side though, as it did put quite a bit of mental stress on me.
Next time this happens, tell them to try real PTSD. You know, the kind you get from war.
Ok I'm more convinced now.
Same!
Same here with the red hair and vasectomy. I was given some loopy pills and local anesthetic. Doc got mad when I nearly kicked him and demanded more local.
A quick google search can validate your wife’s feelings.
When you wax the lips do they flap around? Serious question.
If everyone else is the problem, then it's you.
In a way it’s nice to know we’re not alone. Did they give you anything to help you when it wore off? Thankfully they gave me something eventually but they definitely didn’t believe me at first when i started telling them i was feeling things. They kept saying “this is the tugging and pulling i was warning you about!” Like no, this is not just tugging and pulling. This is surgery without anesthesia.
Because he literally would tell me it was a minor headache...this whole migraine shit started when a friend talked about migraines.
When I first started dating the love of my life, she convinced me to wax my excessively hairy chest.

I'm talking 2 inch hairs and very thick.

I did not clip it short first. Each hair was very thick.

I bled, and had ingrown hairs for 6 months.

My screams of pain were not exaggerated.
[deleted]
Lower pain tolerance, higher tolerance to pain medication. My daughter's Dr told us it's because their capillaries are closer to the skin.... And I stopped listening, honestly. He said to expect that she'll need higher doses and stronger meds after surgery. Sure enough, she needed hydrocodone after her tonsillectomy, but her sister just needed Motrin or Tylenol. Completely anecdotal, but that's what we've seen/heard.
That seems like a problem separate from experiencing pain differently because of red headedness?
Good I can blame being a huge wimp on the fact that I have red hair
I’m not a redhead, I have brown hair. This actually make sense for me as well. I always need extra numbing stuff at the dentist and more anesthesia during surgery.  In the past 6 months I’ve had three steroid injections in my back and each time I’ve needed almost double the amount of local numbing. I thought I was just a wimp. TIL.
Yes, and it's actually well-documented that redheads require higher amounts of anesthesia that non-redheads.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1362956/

and

https://www.bmj.com/content/341/bmj.c6931.full

and for a more readable reference:

https://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/08/06/the-pain-of-being-a-redhead/
Actually the opposite (i.e. lower pain tolerance.) And it's well-documented that redheads require higher amounts of anesthesia than non-redheads.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1362956/

and

https://www.bmj.com/content/341/bmj.c6931.full

and for a more readable reference:

https://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/08/06/the-pain-of-being-a-redhead/
"many will try to act out and jump all over the table and try to grab onto me for support and close their legs when I'm trying to get in there, and I have to get stern with them." - Gandalf
[deleted]
You have it backwards, redheads feel more pain.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Pretty much every news outlet has articles saying "Redheads enjoy having sex!"

I think we all do but we don't have articles written about it
You deserve gold you magnificent bastard
Lol especially redheads
We're also better in bed. Can confirm we also don't ignite when two redheads rub together. Ultimately we couldn't get over the weird factor of being two redheads together so that was that.

As for the anaesthesia thing. Went under to get my wisdom teeth out. Nurse says count to 10. I got to 9. It was only after the fact that I learned that getting to 2 (from talking to others who have been under - not online sources) is a good effort.
Why was there a weird factor?
I highly doubt a woman got PTSD from having her eyebrows inappropoately waxed but okay.
&gt;Does suck, but I’ve never needed to pluck my eyebrows, coz you can’t see ‘em, so there’s that.

Can relate to this.  
Have a ginger friend who also has transparent eyebrows.
I've also heard that this is what makes their sexual organs that much more sensitive and intense when sending the beepetiboops and tingelingdings back to the old brain... source: ginger ex-fuckbuddy that was so horny and wet all day she had to wear pads just to keep her underwear from turning into a sticky hot mess.. she didn't have PAS, she was actually willingly horny about 10-15 times a day because she was thinking about sex; I kid you not.. what a nymph.. I couldn't keep up with her.. no one could.. she's married to some a-sexual guy now.. I guess she needs him to balance her out 🤣
Not a ginger but I carry the gene and it sucks. I hate asking for pain meds when I need them because they never believe me since I'm a petite female, they automatically assume I'm drug seeking when all I want is for my pain levels to decrease. 

I was once hospitalized for a week and when I originally went to the ER they gave me morphine which did nothing for my pain. They later gave me something stronger and it barely helped. Once I was admitted to ICU the doctor treating me refused to up my dose and accused me of drug seeking. Cue me being in excruciating pain 2 hours after a dose of strong IV meds, every day I was there, which the nurses refused to administer more than once every 4 hours (I know, it was doctor's orders). The doctor wouldn't believe me when I told her about how many pain meds simply aren't effective or they wear off quickly (same for anesthesia), she again accused me of drug seeking. 

A specialist came in to administer anesthesia for a procedure and she witnessed first hand how the combo of strong IV pain meds and multiple doses of local anesthesia did nothing as I cried while she shoved a giant 18g needle in my neck and prodded around with it for 15 minutes. She cut it short because she was worried she would pierce or knick my carotid artery since my body was so tense from squeezing my BF's hand and the bed railing. She said she had never seen anything like it, kept apologizing and repeating how she couldn't believe the anesthesia and pain meds didn't work like they normally do. She told the doctor but the doctor did nothing about it. 

I wish more medical professionals were aware of this.
Public perception and the thought of (if things went further) the likely 100% probability that children we had would also have red hair.

It's not cool to racially taunt black or Asian people where I live but it's still open season on red haired people. Growing up in the 80's was bad enough for both of us. The strange looks from people were one thing but it was blatant taunting from others that convinced us to end it.

I'm almost 40 now and nothing has changed. A new starter in our office racially taunted me on his second day and no one batted an eyelid. I had to take him aside and explain to him what he was saying and what it really meant. To his credit he was genuinely shocked and really had no idea what he was actually doing.

I have a really thick skin but like sun exposure, I have a limit.
Read up on the M1CR gene shared by redheads.  Things are just more intense for them it seems.
It’s both. We need more anesthetic to not feel pain but have higher tolerance to withstand some kinds of pain. We are extremely sensitive to thermal pain tho. https://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/redheads-genetic-traits-ginger-hair-study-dna-the-big-redhead-book-erin-la-rosa-a8090276.html
My girlfriend, a redhead, got waxed the first time recently and is still talking about how painful it was!!  And we’re in alabama, maybe y’all are well acquainted! Lol
Women are good at that. Take hovering for example.
Redheads only have higher pain tolerance to some things. I can promise as a redhead, hair pulling is not one. 

I love a massive portion of hot sauce though. Most people won’t make things hot enough for me.
A real handmaid's tale
I had a crown done (first ever) a few years ago and shortly after that, I started getting REALLY bad cluster migraines.  Couldn't do anything except lie in a dark cool room with an ice pack directly on my head to provide a slight bit or relief.  Had them off/on for 3 months and then they went away.  They were so bad, I sought serious medical help.  Neurologist, E/N/T specialist, etc.  Cat scan, MRI, the works.  Nothing pinpointed any reason for them.  They just stopped after a while.

I still get PTSD a bit from that whole ordeal if I think I'm feeling that way again.  I was getting panic attacks from them coming on, etc.  It was incredibly bad.

(not a redhead)
Also a ginger and it pisses me off when someone will call another person a “red headed step child”.  I actually am one and it bugs the shit out of me to hear people say this.
They have a much higher tolerance for anesthesia than most.
I had 4 surgeries in 11 days (yes it sucked!) but after the second, my anesthesiologist said oh yeah I’ll crank it up for you! Lol
As a redhead this is what I believe. I have sat for multiple 8 hour tattoo sessions and my artist always comments how well I sit for painful spots that seem like nothing to me. But some things other people find smal and insignificant I fee like are about to kill me
I’m a redhead and it took a while for me to get used to full Brazilians and I miss having it done. 

Unrelated but interesting: apparently redheads commonly hemorrhage during surgery so my OB brought a “redhead pack” during my c-section. Thank goodness it was not necessary. 😨
He should see more doctor.
I've always taken less than recommended dose of ibuprofen, and I can't go out in the sun without feeling burning all over. But maybe it's just that I don't care…
I'm a redhead...in my experience Dentists have been the best about knowing/believing when I tell them of my troubles with painkillers/anesthesia...but your average GP or other doc either straight up doesn't believe me or at best says "I've never heard of that, but we'll try out everything we need to."
Vaginal hair removal is a real thing - in post-op (male to female) transgender people, or cis women with a rare condition...  pretty sure wax isn't the usual go to though!

Yeah, the misuse of words annoys me too.  But language is descriptive not proscriptive, so with the amount of people using this one the 'wrong' way, it will probably change to include the 'wrong' meaning as a secondary 'right' one.  Some dictionaries probably already do...

It's pretty frustrating seeing words being 'corrupted' like this, including some which take on their complete opposite meaning.  They're literally shitting all over our language.
I don't know about that. My cousin is a redhead and she cries and falls to pieces at anything that happens to her physically with the drop of a hat. She's 33 years old. It boggles my mind. Any other woman would pick herself up and get on with it, but not her. Lowest pain tolerance I have ever experienced in anyone. She's one of a kind.

On the other hand I have a red headed mate who plays rugby union. Strong tough bastard with a high pain tolerance.
Who generally has the best pain tolerance if Redheads have the least?
r/lowhangingfruit
&gt; Does suck, but I’ve never needed to pluck my eyebrows

Mostly italian here, with a bit of a unibrow.  Plucking individual hairs isn't bad.  Getting two or three at a time isn't bad so long as you pull hard/far enough to get them all out.  It's when you're grabbing a whole bunch at once, and only pull far enough to get a couple out at once that it starts to hurt.  I'm sure waxing is worse though.

Nose hairs?  They hurt, and it initiates a sneezing reflex.  But I can't just leave them because I start looking like a spider crawling out of a straw.
Am redhead.

I have a high pain tolerance, but many narcotics simply don’t work for me. 

Let me tell you just how fun that made cancer.
Am a redhead, just had surgery a week ago. I had an angel of an anesthesiologist who started the whole shebang off with Versed, which had me not caring about anything, much less the gas mask they put over my face because the IV drugs did nothing. The anti-nausea zofram they gave me did more to keep be knocked out than anything. Next time, I'm asking for the Versed straight away. So much better than getting my anxiety to a frothing point.
Girlfriend is a redhead, also is an esthetician does body waxing. And waxes her own vagina. Says it doesn't hurt her at all.
There is actually one... left 2 hrs before you
Another ginger here. 

I have to have triple the normal amount of freezing at the dentist for basic fillings. 

There is no painkiller on earth that can do more than dent my period pain. 

Another issue a lot of us have is with the pain associated with cold. Just holding on to a drink from McDonald’s is EXCRUCIATING even for a short time. It’s like I’ve held my hands in a snowbank for twenty minutes.
I can handle a blinding migraine and still work, and don't use pain pills after a surgery, but I will be brought to tears by a paper cut or an IV needle.
This is weird because I have brownish red  hair and a red beard but a really high pain tolerance. I had my wisdom teeth removed 4 bone impactions and they left a piece of my tooth in and I pulled it out with needle nose pliers. I never take pain meds aside from ibuprofen or Tylenol. I dislocated my knee once and grabbed it and popped it back into place idk. I’m a sissy about getting shocked though, and stung by bees.
I'm a redhead (not ginger red, more like auburn) and could definitely agree with that. Especially about the type of pain. 

Most superficial pain doesn't bother me at all (like vaccines, tattoos, scrapes, burns, etc) but any kind of internal pain (like UTIs or toothaches, epidurals, stuff like that) and I cannot focus on anything else. Doctors near me have told me that redheads really do need more anesthetic and always give me extra, but it also takes *way* longer for meds to wear off for me. A simple lidocaine shot to get the Nexplanon implant had my arm numb for over 48 hours. Any time I have my eyes dilated, I can't see well for 3 days.

I'm not sure if it's the hair color or if I'm just weird though.
That's odd about the redheads, we typically have a higher pain threshold
Can you carry around a certified print out showing that you have the gene?

(Because I want to buy one of those cards. /s)
&gt; looking like a spider crawling out of a straw.

OP can tell you the technical term.
I had the same toe issues, along with the multiple shots of a local but my hair is not red. 

Last time I got a filling at the dentist I just let them drill without the local because the shot was so much more painful. 

Some people can't deliver the local correctly.
I grew up in a rural area, there were lots of those fences with an electric charge in them to keep the sheep from chewing or whatever.  Me and my friends used to see who could hold onto the fence the longest.   I always won.  

But other than electricity i feel like i have quite a low threshold for pain.  Dumb redhead powers
Yeah my new dentist had been the best. I put it on my intake paperwork and they never questioned it, they just shoot me up with a horse sized dose and its so much better than previous dentists.
Probably. Only my beard is red but it still seems to be present
That is horrifying. I'm glad mine was a breeze. They were real generous with the freezing.
This has yet to be prfoven in dental iterature.

https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0099239912008059
That's basically what happened with my molar extraction a couple years ago. I had PTSD from it for a while and would have honest to dog flashbacks occasionally for months afterwards.
Yup. All redheads definitely have the gene, but it's possible to have it and not the red hair. My mum is a redhead, I definitely got even though I've no red at all. But I've always been a huge wimp for pain, and needed tons on anesthetic. When I went to get surgery done, they were surprised to find me conscious after hooking up my IV for a while, after told me it took a triple dose to actually put me under.
It has in medical literature. It's not a stretch to assume it works the same in the mouth.

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1362956/
Why redheads?
No, I'll stick with my simile.
Yeah, don’t handle pain well at all and I’ve been cursed with kidneys that love producing stones (thanks, genetics). I’ve always needed more pain meds and anesthetics.

I’ve also heard that we bleed worse? After I had my son  the nurses in the maternity wing wouldn’t leave me alone. They were all afraid I was going to hemorrhage? When I inquired about why, they told me it’s because I’m a redhead and that it happens a lot. They wouldn’t take my IV out (pretty standard, I think) and kept reiterating that I was at a higher risk for breeding problems.
Take my hug stranger
Thank you kind reddit friend.
I'm also a redhead with crohns and they have to give me special sedation for colonoscopies.  The twilight sedation doesn't work on me. I wake up in the middle of it and remember waking up.
Same! If I ever scratch down there, I can feel the roots aching. I’ve been thinking about laser removal because I’m sick of it.
[deleted]
Do redheads feel more pain with waxing or something?
We require more anesthesia, too. I thought that was an old wives tale until the anesthesia wore off during my c-section (am a ginger, btw). 
I had a biopsy at the dermatologist last year, and the doc brought in an extra syringe of numbing stuff and told me it was because I’m redheaded. Turns out there’s some merit to it.
I think the pain tolerance theory is that we’re less tolerant of pain in general, but less sensitive to heat/cold related pain, which I believe based on my own anecdotal stuff.
see all of the doctor.
Not really kid.
Sorry you cop that. Unfortunately people think it's funny and for the most part it's easy to ignore, but as I've said, we have limits and it reaches a point where it goes beyond being a joke. The greater problem is the perception that it's not cool to tell someone they're being an idiot.

The two most powerful things I've learnt to do in these cases is point out that it was funny the first time I heard it (twenty years ago) and to politely wish them well and leave. Not only have you told them they're out of touch but by removing yourself, you have shown that you don't tolerate that behaviour and have cut yourself off from them and those who were around you.

What they want is for you to stick around and take it. By not doing that you have stolen their thunder and made them look foolish at the same time. By being polite about it you have shown people you are above that level of pettiness making them look even worse.
I wasn't. I had to Google the muppet that all you little tweens are into.
Am ginger as well. I've heard about anesthetic not working on us, but I'm suddenly curious how it effects common recreational drugs.
More like totally inaccurate. Only the holiest alter-boys are allowed to receive Father's super-secret special blessing, and almost always in the aptly named, "Rectory."
Eyebrow PTSD lol
FWP
i believe i read an article on the same study.  blonde/ginger and also blue eyed people have lower pain tolerance.  i'm an antidotal proof, when you compared my black haired, brown eyed wife, even when it comes to colds and stomach flus.  she just tolerate suffering better than i do.
that potentially explains an awful lot. I've always had a pretty high pain tolerance too - I've skied into a tree, got stung by a half a hive of yellow jackets, had a piercer fuck up my nipple piercings to where she had the needle stuck and had to push through at least three times, never felt pain from a tattoo, sunburn feels good in a weird way- but fuck if painkillers, when needed, don't do a damn thing. thanks for the genetics, dad!
Also ginger. I get my brows waxed and shaped, sometimes professionally and sometimes myself. I've gotten a bit used to the waxing (luckily I don't have that much to wax) but plucking will forever be hell I think. I usually don't pluck myself because it hurts so bad and often gives me a headache. When a professional does it, it hurts less (probably because they know what they're doing)
Can confirm, hubby is a ginger and he is very intolerant to even slight discomfort of the skin. A slight sunburn, he is down for the count. Getting in a somewhat cold pool, he acts like he's getting electrocuted.  I thought he was being a big baby until one day I witnessed his older sister acting the same way, and she's very meek and non-dramatic.
I was at one of the best hospitals in the country with top medical staff, you'd think they'd be aware of the research and studies. The doctor was on the young, too.
I’m more confused now, what muppet? Are you having a stroke.
I’ve learnt to keel my elbow on their knee as I remove the wax to avoid being kicked.
Ahhhhh Kelly Clarkson!
Whoa, I was born with red hair, but it changed to brown as I grew up. I also have a weird tolerance to anaesthetics.

I knew about the redhead pain thing, but I never knew the anaesthetic thing might be related.
Not only do they have orange freakin hair, but they have a low pain tolerance also!
Redheads have higher pain tolerances, *unless the pain comes from a burn*. Then redheads are more susceptible to pain. Sunburn, fire, heat, friction(even windburn is freaking torture). I wonder if using hot wax makes having the hair yanked out more painful?

It’s been decades since I waxed, but I don’t remember it as being unbearable. I preferred it to razor burn. (I am a redhead)
We have a higher pain tolerance...

Which means we don’t feel pain AS MUCH. Literally the opposite of what you’re saying. 

source: am a redhead
thank you for being correct
I literally went two and a half weeks with APPENDICITIS because it wasn’t that painful lol
I'm a natural redhead.... do you notice a difference between colors such as texture, thickness of each hair? How about the follicle?  I know redheads often require 10% more numbing medicine at the dentist and also more meds during surgeries.  Bottom line is we can be a tad sensitive lol
Sure why not.
No he shouldn't. He should take some Tylenol and suck it up like a big boy.
Asking for versed is a sure fire way to sound like a junky, FYI.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Eels B-side: Novacaine for the Souless

I kid, I kid...on Reddit we're all athiests...so *no* one has souls...
Omg, yes. I Always need more Novocain at the dentist, and I’ve never had enough of a prescription pain killer to even work.
that isn't ptsd.
read that in zarya's voice
That's how you die of cancer...
And tell him to drink more water.
Good answer!  I did have it happen one time where we went around a tour bus (on vacation) introducing ourselves and one person used that in a reference.  I was behind them so they didn’t see me. So when it was my turn I said “well I actually am a red headed stepchild”   I could hear people go “ooh”-especially him.  Lol. He did come up to me later and say he was sorry so that was nice. You’re right, I think it’s just unthinking normally, not malicious.
I’ll allow it but that’s not how it works. You’re just nitpicking. The context was at the top of the comment.
It took 4757 upvotes til someone noticed...
Be wary of the damn VA. Fuckers lied to our family about how serious my Dad's cancer was progressing and kept on doing worthless treatments that they knew would have very little chance of working. They should have told us from the off so we could have gotten more specialized doctors/clinics involved. 

Not to mention I have three war veteran uncles who all have horror stories from the VA.

Get a second opinion from a Doctor that doesn't have ties to the VA.
Redheads must be much less tolerant to certain types of pain. I work in dentistry and all of our most sensitive patients are red heads.
Redheads must be much less tolerant to certain types of pain. I work in dentistry and all of our most sensitive patients are red heads.
It's no joke. Every true redhead I've been with before I was married was *ultra* sensitive downstairs. They didn't take much excitement to orgasm *at all*. I guess the extra helping of crazy that comes with them offsets this, though. Every one I've ever been in a relationship with was off kilter to a degree.
Redheaded lady here and can confirm I am sensitive to pain. I've never had a vaginal wax job though. I can't even imagine how painful that would be.
I can't take pain very well and am a redhead. I'm not a cry baby though and just try to work through it. Just this morning I stubbed my toe on the grocery cart I was using and nearly passed out. I was wearing sandals.
I *hate* going to the dentist and am a redheaded lady. The dental hygienist is like some kind of monster who gets her kicks from hurting me (it seems) and the dentist isn't any better. Poking and prodding with those pointy instruments that sends me flying out of the chair almost. I can't take it.
Am keenly aware
Everyone in my family are/were redheads. Sun exposure is a problem of course and I live in Florida. I try to stay indoors as much as possible and never mow my grass past 7:30 in the morning. I've been burned badly twice in my lifetime and was told I am a candidate for skin cancer. 

For some odd reason, my skin seems like it's sensitive to the damned *air*. I always feel itchy, always feel like something is on me when there's nothing there. Right now I'm scratching my arm for no reason other than it feels itchy. My scalp is more itchy than anything else and I've tried various medicated shampoos. When my hair starts to feel oily my scalp itches even more. I'm allergic to a lot of things including scents. I can't use scented lotions, don't use perfume at all and even when I try to burn incense it makes me sneeze and cough. I can't even be around anyone who is wearing perfume or cologne. I'm super allergic to cat dander and I'm even allergic to my own dogs. Right after I pet them I have to wash my hands. Life sucks sometimes.
Your husband might be profoundly lazy but the pain is real. I come from a family of redheads. Pain is nothing to be judged about. Laziness, yes.
It's interesting to see so many redheads on here. I'm one as well. Redheads make up only 2% of the world's population. We are unique!
You’re quoting the Christmas edition of the BMJ?! You do realise that the Christmas edition is actually a joke edition right???
[deleted]
Lol BMJ Christmas articles aren't meant to be taken seriously, they're humour.
What is the BMJ?
No it's not.  It's how rational adults deal with headaches.  Plus no doctor is going v to CT you.
Whoops replied to wrong comment sorry! British Medical Journal someone else referenced!
You’re quoting the Christmas edition of the BMJ?! You do realise that the Christmas edition is actually a joke edition right???
Haha, I was VERY confused :)
One of those long, low sounding drawn out "oohs"? I can hear it now.

It means a lot when people apologise but it's so much more preferable to not be insulted in the first place. People know this and they know the damage it causes yet they still do it. I wish I could understand it but I'd need to be a psychiatrist just to scratch the surface.
I'm not saying the guy in question gets migraines, but you know how I can tell *you* have never had one?
Confused redhead here.. We normally have a higher pain tolerance. I myself have gotten Brazilians probably about ten times and have barely flinched. I'm sorry to hear my counterparts aren't holding that same power. :'(
Thats so funny to hear! The two estheticians I have seen say that redheads are normally fairly tolerant and don't come in too often. I'm sorry to hear it hurts you so much though.
I'm not a redhead, but I carry the gene (which I know because I gave birth to a redhead and you need the gene on both the mother's and father's side to produce a redhead. Also my grandmother was a fiery orange, copper-haired woman). I've had problems with anesthesia all my life.

I got into a bad motorcycle accident in my early twenties and they did an MRI of my head. That's when they realized something was very unusual with me. I had been going into shock from the pain of my injuries more than once even though they'd pumped me full of morphine. Apparently the brain scan shouldn't have been lit up like it was. I was told that morphine would stop my heart before it stopped any pain.

It was also horrific when I needed an emergency c section giving birth in Ireland. They put local anesthesia on before doing a spinal tap, but of course the local did nothing. With the spinal tap, I FELT EVERYTHING. It was the most horrific experience. I still physically shudder when I think of it.
Fairer skin is associated with more nerve endings, as much as 2x as much.
Because I'm a physician and would know if I had a migraine?
If you're a physician and your response to someone with potential migraines is "take some Tylenol and suck it up", I genuinely pity your patients.
And I'm genuinely thankful your not one.  But it's not like I won't give people some imitrex I just hate hearing about their headaches as it's so fucking boring.  Also quit diagnosing your boring tension headaches as cluster headaches.  You don't have cluster headaches dumbass.
Also ginger. I refused to be put to sleep when I had my wisdom teeth removed so I was just numbed the fuck up.  The procedure was just fine, but during recovery, I was given Percocet.  Everyone else I know who had theirs taken out took Vicodin.  I don't know which is stronger, but my prescribed amount of Percocet wouldn't do it.  I always took 1 or 2 more pills based on how much I was hurting.  The prescribed amount still left me in unbearable pain, but the extra amount sometimes made me feel a little sick, but I didn't hurt so I could sleep that off.
Well yeah, an exceedingly tiny percentage of people have cluster headaches. That's a discussion to have with a neurologist, not a self-diagnosis.

Sorry our life-altering problems are too boring for you to take seriously. 👍 I work in drug development, should I stop helping get new treatments for your MS, AD, and PD patients approved just because running immunoassays is "boring"?
Redheads don't have horrible pain tolerance.

They feel pain differently, sensitive in some areas and less so in others. There are numerous studies on it.
I knew my oral surgeon's assistant had been doing this a long time when she cranked the gas up too far for me-- and when I was laughing my ass off (to be fair, my sister was sitting in on my surgery egging me on. She was rapping about me getting permanent nerve damage) and the assistant goes "oooookay Giggles McGee, I'm guessing you dye your hair, so we're gonna turn that down." 

Knew immediately that she was a pro because I do have *real* ginger relatives who had told me they need more pain killers/anesthesia/gas... Just didn't think about it before putting on the little nose cup.
That’s interesting that redheads scream more than Others,  it’s been proven that the threshold from pain is higher in a person with red hair.
You must do drugs. For science.
I'm a redhead, and I feel as if my pain tolerance is pretty high. But I am VERY sensitive to the cold, I am basically cold all the time. I've never had a bikini wax, but eyebrow waxes are fine, I have a bunch of tattoos, a bunch of piercings, none of which hurt excessively.
*shrugs*

Who knows?
Yep!  I take about 5 full syringes of the 2.5% what-the-fuck-ever-caine (not lidocaine) to numb up.
Like involuntary groping is terrible, don't get me wrong. But surely there are a few people in between a groper and a person who implemented the genocides of millions. I imagine he'll be next to Bernie Madoff or Bill Clinton personally.
...Ta daaa
Soo im assuming the pineapple is a "little nicky" referance and so is the hitler comment. In the movie the put a pineapple in hitlers ass leafs first
Exactly!
Sure why not
&gt; Most all day I do vaginas.

Best quote out of context
Romanian is more like a mixture of an Eastern european and Italian accent
I seriously would make a complaint to/about the hospital if I were you. If you were in that much pain, your vitals should have reflected it. You can't fake being in pain. That doctor was being an absolute dickhead (that's my professional opinion). Proper pain management is actually one of the National Patient Safety Goals governed by the Joint Commission ( JCAHO). [Here's the link to the website where you can file a JCAHO complaint.](https://www.jointcommission.org/report_a_complaint.aspx) They will investigate, and if they find that patients are being treated incorrectly, they will work with the facility to update its pain management policies.
Make him put an ice pack or two on his face where it hurts. It will help tremendously. (Am ginger and have had horrible recoveries from crowns and root canals.)

edit: Also get maximum strength anbesol gel to help numb up the gums around the crown. Cepacol drops are great for numbing the whole mouth, too. If all that doesn't help, he should see a doctor asap.
I feel bad now :( I have a severely high pain tolerance. I went days with a broken wrist before going to the dr cuz I thought I just sprained it. I always figured he was just a weenie. My poor husband.
Thanks for the info. It was nearly 3 years ago, not much I can do about it now. I know next time to advocate harder for myself instead of being scared they'd mark my file with "drug seeking" for asking to increase the dosage of my pain meds. The doctor was literally in my face about it so I was intimidated on top of all the pain I was in. Even my BF was shocked she was in my face like that but again, not much to do about it now.
If I'm going into surgery and I'm having a panic attack over the IV in my arm, they can think whatever they want, but it'll definitely make their job a ton easier if they listen.  It's not like I'm asking for it after the surgery is over, or like I asked for the surgery to begin with.
[deleted]
Survive a fire.
If it happens again, make sure to have your family or other advocate there also complain that you are in pain. If the doctor doesn't listen, tell them you no longer wish to be treated by that doctor and want someone else assigned to your case, and demand to speak to the medical director. Her behavior was completely unacceptable. Even if a patient is drug seeking, there are other ways to handle the situation.
That's not PTSD.
They are. My mother is a redhead and cries when she plucks her eyebrows, can't be waxed, had sensitive gums and teeth. Painkillers make her vomit and she reacts badly to anaesthesia. Her doctor said it has something to do with an extra layer of collagen? It's why redheads seem to have younger looking skin compared to other white people. 

Lucky me inherited all the weird redhead shit but my hair morphed from red to near black as I aged so I don't even have the coloring to make up for all the dumb issues. I do have the young skin though which is nice.
Despite the fun topic, it's still legitimate research. From their website: 
"Although the festive edition's papers have a humorous bent, there is still a decent regard for research protocol."
No it's not. Despite the fun topic, it's still legitimate research. From their website: 
"Although the festive edition's papers have a humorous bent, there is still a decent regard for research protocol."
oh god, now this explains why when i was a kid and the dentist took out all of my molars, i could still feel it despite local anesthesia. also explains why my coworkers can hold hot plates very easily but i constantly have to move them back and forth between my hands.
That might not be quite weird enough, but I could see that study winning an Ignobel Prize.
they also bleed more easily/longer.
You need a license to wax a vagina?
Yes! If state board walked in and saw that people were working without licenses, the whole business could get shut down. I had to go to a year of Esthetician school and pass my state board exams.
&gt; I had to go to a year of Esthetician school

What kind of thing did you have to learn and what are the complexities that people may not consider?

I'm not trying to be facetious or anything, it just seems to be a long time studying for what seems to be a simple procedure. 

Edit: Others have explained! A lot more to it than I imagined -- would still be great to hear from OP about the things they learned and the complexities with their work :D
[deleted]
Esthetics includes other stiff then waxing vaginas.  She already mentioned eyebrow work, but they can do eyelash stiff too.  Also, I think hair braiders are estheticians in some places.  Obviously, the exact scope will vary by state.
Being an Esthetician is about skincare overall, so you have to learn about everything that goes along with it.
Only if you wanna get paid for it.
Estheticians learn much more than just waxing. They learn basic facial and body massage, anatomy, makeup (regular and sfx), light therapies, physical and chemical exfoliation techniques, and a lot more. A lot of estheticians I know did not get into the field to do waxing, but since it's in high demand, a lot of them spend the bulk of their time waxing.
Yeah, gotta make sure she's of age.
Stiff heh
Stiff
There are all sorts of ways you can ruin someone’s skin or infect them when you wax. If they take certain kinds of medicine for instance, their skin may be extra sensitive or thin and you could rip it right off if you didn’t know better. You also need to be aware of different skin conditions that you can’t wax over like rosacea or acne. And that’s just the tip of the iceberg for waxing. With skincare it goes much deeper.
I's like to get into this field.  Are there any openings?
Cool. I'm on New Zealand and we have no regulation for the beauty industry -- anybody can do nails, piercing,  tattoos, waxing, etc.

My wife's a nail tech and many of them are getting fed up with "cowboys" so they are starting a campaign to get a national licencing requirement happening.
Lots of skincare procedures, not going to go into depth, but here are many of the 
things I am trained in besides waxing:

•Microneedling / Skin Pen 
•Microdermabrasion
•Dermaplaning 
•Chemical Peels
•Hydrafacial/Perk
•Facials
•Microcurrent
•Jet Clear
•Galvanic
•High Frequency
•Radio Current Power
•Ultrasonic Skin Scraping
•Microblading
•Eyelash perming
•Eyelash tinting
Do you also wax ahem the brown starfish?
This is the Internet man. You can open with asking what ever you want, politeness is not needed. Allow me to rephrase your question.

Hey Lady, I’ve got some asshole hairs that need a ripping, would you mind spreading candle wax on my shitter and rip it off for me?
Came here to ask this question because I was thinking of doing it myself.

HES ASKING IF SHE WAXES THE BUTTCRACK
I've been to several locations and they all do the booty as a standard. As a guy this is greatly appreciated.
That's included as part of the Brazilian wax so, yes she would.
No no.. I think his brown starfish is named "ahem"
The butt area is included in a full Brazilian.
Balloon knot.
[deleted]
Have you ever waxed that area and had dodo pieces come out with the hair?
Wouldn't it be more accurate to say you're a vulva waxer, that being the outer part of the organ?

(am male so be patient)

PS if you look up vulva on wikipedia (NSFW) there are 6 different photos arranged a la "Brady Bunch".
I think it's important for her to specify that she's not waxing the INSIDE. 

But sure, let's explain to the licensed professional female what the "proper" terminology is. Good call.
I don't know man...just because it's more fun to say "vagina" than "vulva" I don't think you get to just redefine the term.  "Vagina" is latin for "sheath" IIRC, so exclusively the inner part.  It's one part of a whole heap of genitals, not the whole thing.
Seem very passive aggressive
You are correct, vagina is definitely not the correct term here.
!redditsilver 

Happy cake day u/TunaFace2000!
I'm a woman and I'm shocked I had to scroll this far down before someone pointed out the glaring anatomical wrongness of this thread.
It doesn't just seem like that, it is.
The proper terminology is vulva though
[deleted]
You have it backward, friend. 

To quote Wikipedia:
&gt;"The vulva (Latin: wrapper, covering, plural vulvae or vulvas) consists of the external female sex organs. The vulva includes the mons pubis, labia majora, labia minora, clitoris, vestibular bulbs, vulval vestibule, urinary meatus, the vaginal opening, and Bartholin's and Skene's vestibular glands."
Same. I just kept going, waiting for that comment, and was honestly disappointed it's this buried.

It's like if people were talking about bleaching their rectum, instead of their anus.
Thanks for fighting the good fight.

edit: [Link to said Wikipedia page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vulva) (NSFW)
/r/badwomensanatomy beckons OP.
Clearly we need to edit the wikipedia photo so that it's *nine* different photos for a proper Brady Bunch situation.

Or eight vulvas plus Ann B. Davis as Alice.
R/badwomensanatomy
Mons pubis
Well if vaginas got hairy I'm sure waxing them would be a lucrative business. I need some mind bleach now...
I mean it's not clinically correct, but colloquially every single person reading this thread knows what she means.
Unfortunately, not as many people know the correct terminology for women's anatomy, including many people that own said parts, which leads to all sorts of problems. And is a good reason to actually use the correct words.
Why oh why did I have to scroll so far down to find this? I've been cringing hard all through this thread. Even though I am well aware of how the word is being misused, the thought of a hairy vagina is unbelievably gross and the thought of an esthetician in there dealing with the hypothetical problem is even worse.
So, like, my candy has a vulva. Got it.
No... it really doesn't. 

*EVERYONE* knows what someone means when they say "vagina". It literally harms no one to use that term to represent all of the female genitalia. Is it good for people to know the terms? Sure. Does it actually matter? No. No one was confused by OPs use of "vagina" in the original post or any subsequent post. 

Colloquialisms are a common part of English nomenclature, and considering we are neither A: in middle school sex ed, nor B: doctors discussing a patient, there is absolutely no reason to distinguish in this case.
You're the second person I see mentioning the mons pubis and it just not right. The mons pubis is just the upper part of the vulva, the part with fat tissue on the bone. If you want to talk about the whole external genital organs with the the mons pubis, labia majora and minora, clitoris, opening of the vagina, etc. it's the vulva.
I think some people just like to be purposefully difficult because it makes them feel cool. 

Like that person talking about how they've been cringing this entire thread because a hairy vagina is just soooo gross. You know what they mean, don't act so surprised. 

Yeah it's not *technically* right, but that's what everybody says so that's just kinda how it is. Literally doesn't literally mean literally anymore either. The meaning of words change and "vagina" is commonly used by most people to describe the whole shebang. It's not "right", but it's not really wrong either. 

Even calling it the "vulva" in this situation would probably be somewhat wrong as well. Where does the vulva end? Pubic hair doesn't just grow on the vulva, it grows all over the place! From your butthole and inner thighs even up to your stomach sometimes, none of that is a part of your vulva, but if you get your "vagina" waxed, you're gonna want that waxed too. 

Stomach is a good example too, actually. That's the organ inside you, not your belly. But if you said your abdomen was your stomach, nobody would think twice about that. Where are all the people coming out to say "Umm actually! I'm disgusting by the thought of a hairy stomach! That's soooo gross!"
Ugh, that sub has jumped the shark. You have to accept that a penis is female there which is the quintessence of bad women's anatomy, lol!
I'm not saying the post was confusing, but when a woman doesn't know what her own clitoris is, yes that causes problems.
This thread should use clinically correct terms so everyone's on the same page.  OP could then accurately describe her job and people could ask serious questions about "sub-assemblies".
If it wasn't confusing then why complain?
It's shocking to see so many people "ITS A VULVA NOT A VAGINA" as if you genuinely think people are reading the title thinking "wait....she's waxing the insides?". It's pretty obvious to almost everyone she said vagina for simplicity sake.
Why should it? Give me a reason.

Were you under the impression that she shoves wax inside of the vagina and then rips out the hair?
What kind of problems does that present? Uncomfortableness being told by a partner or a doctor where it is? 

If a woman were to go to a doctor and say "my vagina hurts", the doctor is either A: going to understand she might mean the outside, or B: ask specifically where it's hurting, most probably the latter. 

When you were/are a kid, and you said to your mom, "my stomach hurts", but it was actually your lower abdomen, around your belly button, did she understand? 

This doesn't cause problems, in fact, for the example of this thread, I would argue it would have been MORE confusing to use the term vulva. More people assume the term "vagina" means the entire female genitals, if she had repeatedly said "vulva" instead, she would have gotten a lot more pointless question about where she waxes.

Instead, she used a colloquial term that *everyone* is going to understand.
Yeah in another post I literally *just* made the stomach comparison. Almost everyone at some point in their life has said the phrase "my stomach hurts" when they mean their intestines, their abdomen, both, all three, etc. 

But we all understand what someone means when you say "my stomach hurts". 

It just feels like it's one of two people that keep doing it. 1: "look how smart I am, use correct terms only please" or 2: "hey ladies, look how well I know your body, send me nudes please". 

I would venture that 100% of the people in this thread knew what she meant by vagina. 

Edit: In that same post, I also mentioned what you kind of mentioned. Had OP used "vulva" in replace of every "vagina", it likely would have been MORE confusing. If there are that many people out there that don't know the proper terminology for their genitals, they are less likely to know what vulva is, and more likely to assume vagina is the entire thing. 

Colloquialism, simplicity, convenience. There's really no reason to use another term.
[deleted]
Labia majora actually.
No it's correct
When women don't know about their own anatomy, and when people are uncomfortable even acknowledging the correct terms (as evidenced by the backlash that pops up in places such as this when people dare even mention the correct terms), they are robbed of the language they need to comfortably explore or communicate about their own sexuality. The terms that people don't use are actually much more important for expressing sexual needs and desires than the word vagina, which is much more important to male sexuality. 

The idea that a woman should be taught the language to effectively communicate her sexual preferences by the man she is sleeping with is quite a sad prospect, and it isn't really reasonable to expect that a young man that is becoming sexually active would even know enough about these things to be an effective teacher to a young woman (especially considering the huge amount of variation from woman to woman regarding what even feels good at all). When a woman doesn't have the language she needs to communicate about her sexuality, when she doesn't even know what she doesn't know, she is at a serious disadvantage for identifying the root of any sexual problems or obstacles she encounters. 

The fact that you think it would have been more confusing to use correct terminology here, and would have generated lots of questions due to a general misunderstanding or ignorance of the correct terminology, demonstrates the need to correct the misuse of terms. Women *need* this language to have satisfying sex, and yes, it causes problems when people are so misinformed about female anatomy.
You still have yet to actually give an example OF those problems. 

"Oh baby, stick it in my vulva" *rubs dick on the outside* "No... I meant put it inside..." 

They need what language to have satisfying sex? All this is is pseudo-intellectual bullshit. "Look how well I know womens bodies, they should date me!" Whether they should or shouldn't know the correct terms is irrelevant, whether or not they cause problems IS relevant, and you have to give a single example of a problem that using the term "vagina" to mean all of the genitals causes. 

Just more "I'm so smart, everyone should be as smart as me, people should only use the correct term."

After 3 full paragraphs, you even took the time to ignore my comparison to saying "my stomach hurts".
There is a difference between complaining, and pointing something out for the sake of clarification. I'm not concerned that people won't understand what is being discussed here; I'm concerned that so many people don't know the correct terminology, because that does indeed cause problems. For further explanation on why I would take the time to clarify this, if you are actually interested in the answer to your question, you can see my comment here: 
https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/9c4uly/iama_licensed_esthetician_and_my_job_is_to_wax/e5a1s4l
Colloquially, the vagina refers to the vulva
On the other hand, referring to it by the vagina isn't completely incorrect either, because colloquially it refers to the vulva.
Yes, but the real name is the vulva
[deleted]
Yeah I get a few guys here and there! A lot of them are really intimidated by it though, as many see it as feminine. Personally, my favorite service is a man's back because it doesn't have as much curvature as a leg or an arm or a vagina. We for sure welcome men.
[deleted]
Well male porn actors have sack and crack waxes so it’s definitely a thing. Remember, ask for a “sack and crack” wax.
In the butt crack is less painful than around the labia. It’s not that bad, and the butt crack is really quick.

After my first time sugaring, I got hella ingrowns on my mons/thigh creases, but the butt crack was great, so I’m probably gonna just get the butt crack done and then do a close trim the rest like I have been doing for a few years.
In Australia it’s fairly common for guys to get waxed. It’s known as a ‘back, sack and crack’ wax.
Have you ever thought about slathering a person's back down and then using a roll of wax paper (baking) to just wax it all at once?
Why in Australia, would you say? Is it a cultural thing?
I’ve had full Brazilians front and back (I’m female) and the butthole isn’t too bad, I barely felt it tbh. It’s cake compared to the clit area haha, but the tug does make you pucker. 3/10 pain would do again
It's not especially painful between the cheeks, to be honest. Getting my vulva waxed is 5x more painful. The ass is much quicker and I think must have less sensitive skin, because to me it just feels like being spanked
I'm thinking about getting my back waxed. How long does it usually take though? I get anxiety easily so I'd hate to be in there too long.
“Back, crack, and sack wax.”
https://youtu.be/9rSBmOgpcDE?t=1m34s
I’ve heard that referred to as “The Beckham”
Curious: for a sack wax, do they like do the bat wing and stretch it out? I can't picture it lol
Back, Sack and Crack
Yes, you have to stretch the 🦇 and wax in small patches. *I’m not a porn star, I just play one on TV
That must hurt so much worse than a lady wax. Once the girl didn't hold my lip down firm enough and she took a chunk off. It bled and now I forever have a thumb sized bald spot
Arnold has the I’ll be back sack and crack
🙊🙈 Oh I’m so sorry for your loss
You'll be meeting Leslie.
My wife refused to do it unless I also did it, and I’m pretty hairy in the nethers. Of course I tried it, for science. Most painful part was right over the pubic bone, thankfully it’s only a couple of strips for the worst pain, the crack wasn’t too bad. The balls though are a team effort, I had to hold parts of my ball skin stretched out flat while the wax was applied and yanked. You can’t be shy though and just forget about dignity, cause your ass cheeks are spread eagle and she’s all up in there.

I will say though not having hair down there is pretty great. Takes less wiping after a poo. Less sweaty. Less smelly. Easier to clean. I don’t think I’d be taking a shower in public say after swimming though, I’d be too embarrassed with the weird looks or be worried some guy might think I hit for their team.

I did it a second time and thought I’d be clever by applying some CBD lotion to try and numb the area some for less pain. It was definitely less painful but the shorter hairs were covered in lotion/oil and it made it harder for the wax to grip the hairs and she would have to do the same area multiple times. Borderline not worth it.
Oh god.
The hair should all be growing at the same time. There is something wrong with you. You have a hairy bollock.

Edit: guess people never heard of Karl Pilkington.
One less spot to wax 👍
That would make for a great episode for that Judge Judy small claims court tv show.
You say that now, but full muff is starting to trend up
The horseshoe of hell is what my sugarist calls the labia area.
what trend are you following? The long term relasionship trend?
I heard that crack waxes worsen swamp ass. Is this true?
I just more meant the slang expression. I’m sure guys in other countries get similar waxes, I’m just not sure if they call it a back, sack and crack.
I get my back and butt waxed. Butt really isn't that bad, definitely not worse than parts of the back.
My waxer has a standing appointment before mine of a husband and wife. She totally waxes his junk and ass. I know because he told me while making chit chat in the waiting room waiting for his wife’s appointment to finish up. My waxer has free booze in the waiting room.
As a woman, the waxing of the area around my anus is BY FAR the least sore. In fact I really don't mind it.
Man here. Frequently wax. Butt is easily the easiet part to tolerate. Sack is fairly painful. Shaft is next most painful, followed by the patch right above the shaft.
I just got a “between the cheeks” wax a few days ago. It really wasn’t as bad as you would think. Just was kind of weird on my elbows and knees while my frank and beans were hanging out.
The brozillian:  back, sack, and crack.
I'm a guy who got waxed front and back for the first time recently. The b-hole was a piece of cake. Surprisingly the pubic area was the worst (I guess because of increased density of hair growth)
Nooooooooooo!
🦔😂
Sorry it’s true. Armpit and pubic hair. Personally, I asked my girl not to shave her pits because I’m already finding more hair sexy. I’m kind of a canary for these things.
Do you do balls?
I’ve ripped off band-aids word than the butt strip. Wanna talk pain? Two words: big toe.
Guys do it all the time! Careful now...once you get a feel of that, you’ll never go back! Let them know it’s your first time and a little nervous and they will make you feel better about it no doubt. Enjoy! Your farts will be noisier than normal tho ;)
It’s definitely not. Nothin wrong with it tho
I dated a guy who removed pretty much all of his body hair, including junk and butt (his body, his choice, I wasn't fussed either way). It's just another way you can style yourself. Try it if you like but definitely get it done professionally (at least the first few times) and make sure you practice good aftercare :)
I got my asshole waxed. It hurt. But then it felt good. Really good. 

When she waxed my taint it sounded like pulling apart Velcro.
I recently got my first Brazilian, it was fucking terrible, but getting my asshole done felt fucking phenomenal. It felt so good, not sexually, just like a super clean feeling.
Have you ever waxed a scrotum?  I feel like that would be a bloody painful mess.
"One Back, Sack and Crack special please!"
Just spread the cheeks a little before air flow and it will be mostly silent. "Puh-hhffffff"
My experience was that it was better, afterward. No more trying to wipe  peanut butter out of a shag rug.
Sugaring ruined my mons pubis skin!!!! But a year later, I have done six laser hair removal sessions and it’s back to normal.
The answer is in the username
half of my waxer's clientele are men.  I'm a pretty hairy dude also and getting the "sack and crack" waxjob makes a HUGE fucking difference in hygiene and sensation.  go for you - you won't be disappointed.
[deleted]
Have you had a guy that became aroused while you were working down there?
I got a male Brazilian wax a few years ago to surprise my boyfriend at the time. The pubic region and the shaft were some of the greatest pains I've ever felt. Tbh I'd go back and get my ass waxed again, hurt but wasn't unbearable. Only downside is that you sweat and squeak a lot because there's no hair to dampen any movement
I've had my back waxed, I think I'll pass on the sack and crack.
The surprising sensation of a smooth crack and sack is truly one of life’s greatest delights. Trust me.
Is it worth trimming it as much as possible before going?
Laser hair removal is gonna be your long term solution.
[deleted]
[removed]
Well when you put it like that, it sounds like it's going to be a good deal. I'm in.
Because of ass crack stubble, that's why.
If they’re waxing your prostate, something has gone wrong
Honestly the “back Brazilian” is almost pain free. Literally out of all of the body parts I have waxed, that hurt the least. And I have at one point or another waxed everything except the hair on my head.
It’s the only part that’s made me both cry and curse loudly. It’s so so awful.
[deleted]
Well guys also don’t have a clit and labia, so around those areas are really sensitive for us... so not really sure if this is comparable? Like the butthole could be the exact same amount of pain on men and women, but the other parts are relatively pretty different. Who knows!

Overall, I’ve heard men tend to have a lower tolerance for many forms of pain, including waxing. But the ability of science to study absolute differences in pain with waxing crotchal regions is tragically limited!
Yes. Some places call it a Manzilian. I get them every few months. Try it!
Lol, “hold the back and sack” for me though
I’ve waxed my big toes and had them cut open, sawed apart, and screwed back together. I tripped and put all my weight on it just days after surgery in the non-weight bearing stage. Yes I agree, big toes can cause a great deal of pain. The surgery just slightly (3,000x) worse than the waxing.
Compared to the rest of the job, right around the butt is actually quite painless (but I’m a girl so it’s possible it’s different). Also, it’s great for men to get done too. I’ve always asked whoever I was dating to clean up down there. It’s more comfortable and great for intimacy!
Username checks out...
I totally misread that comment, I was thinking you and your mother must be pretty open with each other.
Razoring is Sooo different from the feel you get from a wax. Everything is just so smooth after a wax and for so long it’s like living a different life. I love it when men wax too.
I think they were asking why it's more common to get them in Australia.
Dare I say . . . It feels good?
Or I’m female-bodied and don’t have back hair or a ballsack???
Yes!! I thought it was in my head!
I was at the salon once and a couple walked in and the girl says to the guy, "If you want me to wax down there you're going to have to try it yourself. It not fair for me to have to do this when you have no idea what it's like." A half hour later he was limping out of the room and he said, "I'll never ask you to do that ever again."
Not everyone has perfect fluffy angel hair. I'm natural blonde, but from the moustache down it's black and coarse. It's way more comfortable to keep it super trimmed or bald. I'm not doing it for looks or a bf lol
Well played Madam, well-played...
Well waxing makes the hair grow back thinner, so perhaps you too *can* have that perfect fluffy angel pubic hair you’ve always dreamed of!
🎶 My back, my sack, wax my penis and my crack 🎶
Lmao if only! 10+ years waxing and not perma bald yet. It just doesn't grow back as fast or dense
Hmm, well keep at it, year 11 may be your year for a naturally hairless pubis. And then when full bush is back in style you can just wear a merkin (a pubic wig). 🦅
[deleted]
[deleted]
Load up on water and Advil before getting it done and it helps A LOT.
Farting is also fucking hilarious. The noises remind me of a squeaky trumpet, or like when you let air out of a balloon through the opening.
Ugh your masculinity is that fragile that you worry another dude will hit in you?  I feel sad for you. Getting hit on by a guy isn't the end of the world, man.
There's actually very little sensitivity in the butt cheeks. I'd say in order of pain it's mons pubis, ankles, vulva, armpits, eyebrows, ass crack.
[deleted]
This sounds crazy but the feeling after getting waxed is way better than just the feeling of “being bare” from shaving
You must not have tried getting waxed
you're saying the strip took off a chunk of skin and there's a big scar there now?
Two questions:

You wax your shaft?

Your actual cock is hairy?

Wat.
[deleted]
Karl has a head like a bald testicle.
Just a word of warning - getting you butt waxed means you won't have any silent farts until it grows back. Trust me.

Since you're removing even the fine hair, you'll no longer have anything dampening the sound or flow and your cheeks will just slap against each other every time.
How long does it last? How is the stubble afterwards? I'm trying to find out how it compares with shaving
Surprisingly, there are waxing videos on youtube that show the process. I think of female waxing too.
Oh I’m not really that worried, it’s just a little uncomfortable. And there’s younger kids there with their parents and I don’t need to be traumatizing anyone with my bare naked junk.
The stubble isn't sharp like when you shave. you're supposed to get waxed every like 4-6 weeks??? Its not hairless that whole time because you do have to regrow it to a certain (short) length to get it waxed/sugared again.

But oh my god, the butt crack of all places is where the difference between shaving and waxing is SUPER noticeable. My butt crack used to chafe if I shaved it, the stubble regrowing is so sharp! I even chafed my boyfriend's dick unintentionally. Now I can't even feel if it's regrowing or not - I assume so because the hair in front has regrown, but I haven't felt a thing in my butt crack. I got waxed a month ago now, so I think every 6 weeks would work for me personally. Versus like a day for shaving.
Yes, the strip took off a layer or 2 of skin that was under the hair. looked like someone scalped a chipmunk ffs. It's not a bad scar though, the hair just doesn't grow in that one spot and it's shiny smooth
I've always wondered, as a generally hairy guy, my concern is transitioning from bald crotch to, say, hairy legs or back? Do you have a slow fade into other areas, or would you suggest going for bald everything?
Username checks out.
Lucky for her there was somebody available at that exact moment to wax her boyfriend.
Scalped a chipmunk. Vivid.
Have you posted a protip on this?
Surely it makes farting difficult, or different sounding, or if there's a bit of follow-through how does that work for you?
I have the same concern. I’m not going to shave/wax everything else so it would look kinda ridiculous.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I'm probably going to regret this, but shaving your butt crack seems logistically challenging. How does one even do that?
I've (dude) had it done. Not super hairy but why not. I was in Japan for it and maybe more if a thing for guys there. Really, honestly, didn't hurt much at all.
I'm a guy and I've been getting waxed downstairs (front and back) for about a year now.  The first time was a pleasant surprise, didn't hurt anywhere near as I was expecting.  For reference, I've had dental work done without Novocaine, waxing doesn't bother me at all, just an occasional sting when she does my sack.


My esthetician is awesome.  She has a minibar for her clients.  You come in, pour a cocktail, have your pubes ripped out.  She's super funny, I usually am laughing too hard to notice any pain.


I have read some comments and questions about waxing your butt and pain.  One thing I remember thinking the first time is that it was surprisingly relaxing - the warm sensation flowing over your b-hole was nice.  I barely felt hair being ripped away.  Now that I think about it, I think was expecting the wax to be much hotter, causing pain from application, but instead it was just like warm bathwater temperature.


I am addicted to being smooth from waxing.  I get waxed about every five weeks.  Guys, it's not bad at all, if you're thinking about it, go for it!
Dude here who gets waxed on the reg checking in. Admittedly it’s just my back, but my aesthetician is male-only and does the full package. Literally. Brozillian they call it. Got my butt and crack done once before, but haven’t taken the plunge with the sack — I prefer trimmed in that area.

Butt wax wasn’t too painful actually. Trouble I had was it’s pretty hot where I live and sweat running down a hairless crack is hella weird. Regrowth was also uncomfortable. I imagine the regrowth would be okay if I did it all the time as the hair would get thinner and less like needles. I just did it the once outta curiosity. Missus wasn’t a fan. Thought it looked weird. Would totes butt wax again tho if she wanted it.
Not the op, but I prefer th use a mirror. I can do the cheeks with a regular razor but for the actual crack, I use a face razor with the blade set parallel on the side of the handle instead of perpendicular to it, if you look up eyebrow or face razors you'll find what I mean. Allows precision and angling correctly in a narrow area. I do it in front of the mirror bent over with my cheeks spread.
cos its hot as fuck, so you sweat heaps and less hair = less smell
[deleted]
Also the sheer amount of hair is a factor
[if you are considering waxing your ass crack, this tale may put you off it](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2bysld/tifu_by_shaving_my_ass_hair/)
what is a thigh crease?
Ricky and Gervais and Karl Pilkington on the [subject] (https://youtu.be/Xw2bTpyHGCE?t=11m2s)
And if you pull your ass cheeks apart there's the added risk of shitting
Nay! For tis but an anal symphony pon my godforsaken cloaca!
If you can get two fingers in it you can make it wolf whistle
The butt cheak and crack basically feel like nothing when it comes to waxing for me. It feels like even less if you're like a frog on your back so it's all tight. Make sure you trim the hair down to about 1/8" to 1/4" before going in but not shorter or the wax may not grab. The ones wipe life is amazing and I highly recommend it.
If you are at all a sweaty guy, removing the hair on and between the butt makes things slippery in there. Your crack hair helps keep the ecosystem at a comfortable place. It is less painful to have waxed, but not laser removed. Shocked in the b-hole is not fun.
[deleted]
Not the whole thing, but it's not like the hair knows to stop the second it goes from balls to shaft. There's just some bleed over; there's not hair all over and all the way to the head...
Wow this visual is cracking me up.
&gt;hurt crack

Hurt Locker 2: Hurt Crack: Fallujah
I use Magic shave on my junk. Works awesome.
[Sure!](https://m.imgur.com/gallery/vPlypmA)
Thank God!  All these baldies are unnatural. I prefer hair in my food.  I don't want to look at a hairless axewound!
The Salt Lake City weekly advertised this in the classifieds section for years. Apparently there was enough of a market to keep the ad running.
LOL! I didn't notice it autocorrected butt crack to hurt crack. I mean.. appropriate.
It's the crease between your upper thigh and your pubic region.
I'm not ashamed, I go shoulders to thighs.  I'm pretty outgoing about it though.  No shame.  

Any insecurities I have I tip well and we have a good relationship.  But don't make it weird.  They're not you're friend and its a professional service.  From talking to my girl, some guys don't understand that there are clearly social boundaries just because you're naked.  I think it should go without saying but yeah, don't be a creep.
[deleted]
Sure!

I got it done at a place that offers free waxing so that employees in training have people to practice on.

The entire process was about 5 min, I got in, was asked to undress and use a sanitary wipe. The woman who was waxing me came in, asked me to get on my elbows and knees, and arch my back. She then went to work. It was about 6 strips total and really wasn’t painful, she finished up, and left the room for me get dressed and I was done, I would definitely recommend it. 

Ps: i was worried about getting waxed because I didn’t want the discomfort from sweating that I get when I shave that area, but I really didn’t experience that like I expected. Solid 5/7 I will be doing it again.
Is he not saying “mom” after all?
[deleted]
This is getting weird. Probably best to just ask the employees of the place you’re going to get waxed
[deleted]
Does anyone ever get turned on during the waxing?
Unfortunately a lot of women do "cream".
I think I know what that means but I wanna pretend that's not what you're referring to
Their vagina releases creamy white vaginal fluid as an arousal response. Absolutely not the same as squirting, for anyone who’s wondering.

A lot of people (especially female-bodied) respond physically this way to being exposed, in pain, nervous, etc. doesn’t always indicate actually being “turned on”.
Would you prefer the term [grool](/r/grool)? (Link NSFW!)
It could also just be discharge and not an arousal response.
I thought it was yeast infection. I have tasted it before on a lady and it was..pretty bitter. I read more on it and it can vary in consistency depending on where they are in the cycle. 

Why the downvotes?

I did read it can vary depending on their hormone output.
Can be sweet, bitter, sour, neutral, thin and clear, thin and whitish, thick and white, mucousy (like super stretchy snot).

White chunky is yeast infection. Yellow/green/gray and smelly is bacterial vaginosis or something else. (Smelly when it first comes out. Once it’s out on the labia for a while any discharge will start to smell more, but straight from the vagina should have only a very faint smell).
When I was younger, I would get erections when extremely frustrated. They were super hard, and hurt, like the blood was going to burst out of my dick.

So, there's that.
Staying blue, nice try
Lol yeah I’ve heard of rage boners! Haha. It’s weird what our body decides to have an arousal response to.
[deleted]
That's.. Kinda hot.
Hey, I might have a taste for the dirty but I am not trying to trick anyone. In that case I would have linked [this](https://youtu.be/lXMskKTw3Bc?t=3s).
Ok thank you little Johnny, Sally would you like to share a story with the class next?
I think, in these times, it's important to note that for both biological sexes, what we call an 'arousal response' DOES NOT necessarily coincide with arousal.

Apologies if I misspoke in anyway to non-cis people. I did my best with my current understandings.
That’s what I was trying to explain with my comment too haha. Arousal response can be due to sexual excitement, fear, anxiety, pain, anger, whatever. It just means “your body is physically reacting in this specific way.”
Sure, it could be a coincidence. But like I said arousal often has nothing to do with being sexually excited, it’s just a physiological response that our body decides to do without our permission.
Yes. I wholeheartedly agree, it's something that needs to be understood!
I find this super surprising
Like busride boners?
OMG I am not going to ask.
Not really
That's weird
This has never happened to me. I’ve never released a fluid upon orgasam. The creamy discharge you see is just that, discharge. It just comes out whenever.
Can this happen with a penis? I think i had such an experience when I was younger.
I'll bite.
Bus go shakey bounce make wee wee get big
I just threw up in my mouth a little
Well it wasn’t there when I started. But I didn’t want her to feel uncomfortable.
Yeah I almost think if it was something pathologic...you would know. It didn’t smell too much just tasted like woo..I’m done lol. 

I believe I read it is clear when a lady is more fertile. I’m not sure, I was skimming it. 

Oh I was going down on her if that wasn’t clear I thought that was implied.
We all need to read this
There's a lot wrong with me.
Upvote for owning it. There's always help out there if you need it brother, come to /r/selfimprovement if you ever want a little advice or life help. You're worthy of a great life, not one of shame. Hope all is well with you friend.
Is “creaming” different from just getting wet?
Nope. You can ejaculate without touching it. But discharge out of a penis is a symptom.
Don’t you think it’s probably just natural discharge happening? Unless it’s really a lot.
When it’s clear and super stretchy, like egg whites, it *does* usually indicate ovulation (the fertile time of the cycle)
/r/grool
I must admit I get hard playing with Matchbox cars.
Yes. Wetness shouldn't be creamy or white.

Edit: they're two different things! They often happen together but hot fuck you guys need to [stop downvoting me, I'm right](https://i.imgur.com/wDn0n67.png)
[deleted]
_no reason boner_
I heard another waxer tell a story about some woman who warned him that she had a “problem” and would end up peeing foul smelling green shit whenever he’d pull away a strip. He was dumbfounded that she would get waxed if she knew she had this “problem.”
In the forestry industry (lots of bumpy gravel roads) it's called an "LRB".  L is for logging, R is for road.
Not OP but: the wax is warm when applied and the area kind of relaxes, and then when the wax is pulled off it is painful and the area tenses. I would assume this cycle pushes discharge out for some people.
I get turned on at funerals.
Mourning wood
&gt; Absolutely not the same as squirting, for anyone who’s wondering.

That's because sexual arousal is different than incontinence.
That’s just some r/badwomensanatomy right there.
What about this?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pre-ejaculate

I'm assuming that it's different for different people, because I've never experienced it myself, but it sounds like the sort of thing the guy above you was referring to.
The upvote, downvote split of the last four comments is really confusing
NARB - No Apparent Reason Boner
Downvote me to keep it going
I like coleslaw, but not that much.
Lol
Sounds like she needs a priest more than a beautician.
Go on...
Yeah uh I'm pretty sure that guy does not have that serious of a problem. I think it was a light hearted self deprecating joke, not really something he needs advice for his life on lmao.
Welp, I didn't expect a pic to be the first thing that "popped up"
Yeah I just don’t think of discharge as I would with pre ejaculate. I usually associate that with a pathology.
Fuck yeah, riding the upswing.
Ah yes and incontinence and squirting are different as well. Aren’t we learning so much today??
On deployment, we called that "the HMMWV hum".
It's not a pattern dickass
I'm unclear why you had to apologize, everybody we're referring to has a sex organ with an arousal response.
“Getting wet” due to arousal and “creaming” die to arousal both are the same AFAIK, just different terminology.
Everyone is different! I had a friend who would always wake up with a wet vulva. Overnight, her body and hormones just decided that’s what was gonna happen.

But to clarify - the discharge discussed here is released during arousal, so before orgasm.
Well, I suppose I dont know much at all about non cis folk, but it's never been my intention to act hatefully towards them.  I'm unsure how to speak clearly and non-hatefully when it comes to issues of sex like this; especially without saying something that indicates ignorance. I'm basically apologizing for unintended ignorance if I spoke any, I suppose.
Psh, so says the guy with negative upvotes. 

Also, what is a "dickass" exactly?
So the wetness or lubrication when you’re horny (though this doesn’t happen for everyone either. You can be horny and dry) is normal. But in this thread, people are acting like women “cream” when they have an orgasam- like some creamy fluid is released similar to ejaculate and it’s just not a thing. If you see creamy discharge during sex, it’s just normal discharge that’s coming out. Women experience this while sitting in class, sleeping, working, etc. Its not related to sex.
https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/41q1QAln%2BQL.jpg
No, it’s literally just regular discharge that’s not related to arousal at all, consciously or unconsciously. It’s a mechanisms of the vagina as a means of self cleaning.
Hey man could take a swing any minute now!
I see what you mean, but I think there's been a mix-up; the guy you were replying to wasn't talking about the discharge comment, he was replying to the one above that one which talked about releasing fluid as an arousal response. This is something I've noticed about the way Reddit's formatted; when comment threads start branching off in all directions it's hard to keep clear track of everything!
That video by itself justifies r/JesusChristYouTube
Cream?
Oof. Thanks man
Found the bishop that groped Ariana Grande
No probs! Been good talking about penile discharge with you :-)
Diesel penis.
r/evenwithcontext
[deleted]
Not gonna lie, I am always suuuuuper turned on as I walk out of my Brazilian appointment. Could be the cooling antibacterial cream they use afterwards, though.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25545022
I got combat boners.
[deleted]
Vaginal lubricant produced during arousal is clear. It's vaginal transudate with some silicoproteins in it. If it's white that's just discharge.
It's actually not, vaginal lubricant produced during arousal is clear. It's vaginal transudate plus some silicoproteins. If it's white it's discharge. I can see how it can be confusing though because obviously during sex they get mixed together so it's not clear what is what.
THANK YOU holy fuck I was so confused why APPARENTLY everyone else's wetness is creamy and white. I never thought clear vaginal discharge during sex would make me worry so much for the health of my vagina.
It's at -62, lol. Your poor karma. Dunning–Kruger effect I guess.
Because poor floatinwithobrien got downvoted to hell, I'll explain this.

The word "creaming" originally applied to men - who produce a white fluid (semen) when they orgasm. This word makes sense when applied to men because semen looks like cream. 

When applied to women it's not so clear what it means. Women do commonly exudate a whitish fluid, however this is discharge, not the products of arousal. So if a whitish fluid is leaking out of a women during a vaginal exam, this is NOT evidence of arousal. 

However, many men (and some women) incorrectly interpret discharge as the products of arousal. (There are actually lots of posts on /r/badwomensanatomy about this!) So a person who is not aware of this might say "she creamed herself" having seen whitish fluid, and think this means that she is "wet", as in aroused and producing vaginal lubrication, but actually this is not necessarily the case. 

"Getting wet" means vaginal lubricant is being produced by the vagina during arousal. This fluid is clear vaginal transudate (basically fluid pulled from the blood in the tissue) plus silicoproteins. It is produced near the entrance of the vagina.

Another source of confusion is that during sex, vaginal lubrication gets mixed with discharge, so any fluid a man might see on his penis tends to be this white color (because white + clear = white). And, a women could exudate discharge, cervical mucous, and vaginal lubrication at the same time, again causing confusion.  

tl;dr "creaming" should really only be applied to men, not women.
I just have to know what women do to keep their bikini line looking so smooth and bump free. When I shave, I get angry bumps that turn into darkened craters that take forever to heal. I tried waxing but still experienced the same thing but to a lesser extent. I've tried using AHA acids but it always looks so angry. Any tips you can provide?
e x f o l i a t e
I do with a exfoliating cloth plus use sugar scrubs each time I shower. I must be doing something wrong or my bikini line hates me.
I have been having the same problem all summer. So frustrating :(
There is a Lush product called Sandstone soap - literally saves my post-wax skin. I usually use it in outward motions on my backside and downward motions on the front. In my experience, salt and sand work a lot better than sugar with exfoliating that area.
Thanks! I will definitely try that. I'm so desperate 😭
Of course!! Its seriously so effective. My routine is sandstone in the shower, unrefined body coconut oil while my skin is damp from the shower, pat dry, let the rest completely air dry and then wear cotton underwear. 

Always shower very soon after working out and change underwear often. You'll have no problems after that!
I'm literally getting ready to go to lush right now lol. But since it's sand it won't clog up my drain too bad right?
Great question! I have never had a problem with that cause it's not too much sand but my friend have said that if you take a bath afterwards without rinsing there is occasionally residual sand 😊
There’s a product I buy from my wax salon called PFB, Perfect for bumps.  It’s a roll-on.  Maybe now called PFB Vanish.  There’s a similar product called Tend Skin.  These seem to both prevent bumps and eliminate them.  Not instantaneously, but over a few days.

Summary:
I don't know about that.
I was going to say.
I get my back and butt waxed.
I used to get it on my back as well.
I'm thinking about getting my back waxed.
I can't take pain very well and am a redhead.
I think of female waxing too.
I'm a redhead, and I feel as if my pain tolerance is pretty high.
Yeah I get a few guys here and there!
This is how I feel too.
Redheads only have higher pain tolerance to some things.
I’m not a redhead, I have brown hair.
I'm a redhead and have been waxed a couple times.
I will definitely try that.
Redheads can have more pain with dental work, too.
It's not like I'm asking for it after the surgery is over, or like I asked for the surgery to begin with.
I can hear it now.
But redheads have a better pain tolerance?
I tell people it's not that bad.
I can't imagine the pain!
I can't even imagine how painful that would be.
I thought it was in my head!
And waxes her own vagina.
I will say though not having hair down there is pretty great.
I can tolerate back pain more than face pain.
Redheads are thought to have higher pain tolerance so is it something about the hair itself?
As a redhead this is what I believe.
Do redheads feel more pain with waxing or something?
Redheaded lady here and can confirm I am sensitive to pain.
Need more anesthesia but higher tolerance for pain as well.
I come from a family of redheads.
I feel like mine is higher.
I would just be like, "don't be a little baby!"
I started to feel *everything*.
You must not have tried getting waxed.
I feel for the wife.
It just feels like it's one of two people that keep doing it.
It's a different pain tolerance from others.
And I was like "... yeah... like always?"
I have read some comments and questions about waxing your butt and pain.
It doesn't just seem like that, it is.
I don't consider myself having a really high pain tolerance.
You do not wax vaginas, you wax vulvas.
I'm sure waxing is worse though.
I got my asshole waxed.
It is less painful to have waxed, but not laser removed.
Guys do it all the time!
The hair should all be growing at the same time.
I get them every few months.
That's all I've got to say about that.
Redheads don't have horrible pain tolerance.
I would take one an hour before dental work.
The last 2 times I got waxed, skin was ripped off.
Butt wax wasn’t too painful actually.
I'm not saying the guy in question gets migraines, but you know how I can tell *you* have never had one?
You have it backwards, redheads feel more pain.
I’ve read that redheads have lower pain tolerance.
Probably for the best, I can only imagine how painful it would be!
Don't they also have a higher pain tolerance with electricity or something like that?
Fun times being a redhead...
So I said fuck it.
I wonder if using hot wax makes having the hair yanked out more painful?
I also have a weird tolerance to anaesthetics.
I love it when men wax too.
Redheads are sensitive to everything.
I *hate* going to the dentist and am a redheaded lady.
I asked two different doctors about me being a redhead and requiring more anesthesia.
Literally out of all of the body parts I have waxed, that hurt the least.
How many vaginas get waxed a day?
Lower pain tolerance, higher tolerance to pain medication.
Well it wasn’t there when I started.
I physically could not look at it.
Novocain doesn't work as well and I can feel everything.
We have a higher pain tolerance...
Married to a redhead and she's sensitive to everything I say.
Says it doesn't hurt her at all.
It really wasn’t as bad as you would think.
I feel like that would be a bloody painful mess.
My skin is healed and I feel much better about myself.
Guys, it's not bad at all, if you're thinking about it, go for it!
But don't make it weird.
Maybe the hair is actually different.
Sounds exactly like what I had.
They looked at me like i had two heads.
I’ve always needed more pain meds and anesthetics.
They have a much higher tolerance for anesthesia than most.
I'm a guy that had his back hair removed by sugaring and I broke out terribly.
For some redheads they have more tolerance, for some it’s less.
Sugaring is much better though!
I can promise as a redhead, hair pulling is not one.
You need a license to wax a vagina?
I knew about the redhead pain thing, but I never knew the anaesthetic thing might be related.
It's interesting to see so many redheads on here.
You have the pain tolerance backwards.
Because I get ingrowns like mad from waxing.
Getting my vulva waxed is 5x more painful.
They feel pain differently, sensitive in some areas and less so in others.
My mum is a redhead, I definitely got even though I've no red at all.
I've had my back waxed, I think I'll pass on the sack and crack.
I like coleslaw, but not that much.
Confused redhead here.. We normally have a higher pain tolerance.
As far as I remember, redheads have both.
It hurts but I've never not been able to do all of it.
Whats better, waxing or sugaring?
Also, it’s great for men to get done too.
I get turned on at funerals.
I know mine definitely isn't.
"Look how well I know womens bodies, they should date me!"
Came here to ask this question because I was thinking of doing it myself.
And I have at one point or another waxed everything except the hair on my head.
OMG I am not going to ask.
I want to give you gold!
I'm a guy who got waxed front and back for the first time recently.
Keep up the good work!
Not only is my skin super sensitive to pain, but even touch.
I didn't find the pain to be too intense.
I'm sorry to hear it hurts you so much though.
*EVERYONE* knows what someone means when they say "vagina".
I am not technically a redhead but my mother is.
Is it good for people to know the terms?
Redheads must be much less tolerant to certain types of pain.
I remember reading a study that mentioned redheads actually have a lower pain tolerance than others.
I think some people just like to be purposefully difficult because it makes them feel cool.
My girlfriend, a redhead, got waxed the first time recently and is still talking about how painful it was!!
Women are good at that.
As a dentist, I completely understand.
I always feel itchy, always feel like something is on me when there's nothing there.
I think it should go without saying but yeah, don't be a creep.
I've never had a vaginal wax job though.
And I do mean consistent.
But on the other hand, there are some really great looking redheads out there!
I generally have a very high pain tolerance with the exception of burns.
But then it felt good.
I don't think waxing or sugaring generally make people break out into acne though.
At least I don't have to worry about getting my vagina waxed, being a ginger dude and all.
I’m a redhead and it took a while for me to get used to full Brazilians and I miss having it done.
I always need extra numbing stuff at the dentist and more anesthesia during surgery.
I'm a guy and I've been getting waxed downstairs (front and back) for about a year now.
I feel sad for you.
Also really good for exfoliating.
I think they were asking why it's more common to get them in Australia.
Ok, also a redhead here.
Red hair is the worst!
But I didn’t want her to feel uncomfortable.
I need 2x for any dental work.
Omg I'm a redhead and waxing hurts me soooo much!
I have the same concern.
I get waxed about every five weeks.
Estheticians learn much more than just waxing.
That's included as part of the Brazilian wax so, yes she would.
If it was my balls, I could see it being an issue.
This also happened to me.
It felt so good, not sexually, just like a super clean feeling.
&gt; Most all day I do vaginas.
It could also just be discharge and not an arousal response.
How does one even do that?
I can't recommend it enough.
My current dentist uses a couple different anesthetics (and more of it) and I finally know pain free dental work.
I feel bad now :( I have a severely high pain tolerance.
Yeah I almost think if it was something pathologic...you would know.
I just use an electric trimmer so never get any ingrown hairs.
I can only stand plucking a few at a time.
It's why redheads seem to have younger looking skin compared to other white people.
They have a higher tolerance for pain medication, not pain.
see all of the doctor.
As a redhead, I learned that the gas works much better than novacaine.
It was nearly 3 years ago, not much I can do about it now.
I Always need more Novocain at the dentist, and I’ve never had enough of a prescription pain killer to even work.
I've had problems with anesthesia all my life.
I had a friend who would always wake up with a wet vulva.
My SO is a red head and he loses it if I try to pluck one or two eyebrow hairs.
I barely felt hair being ripped away.
When I inquired about why, they told me it’s because I’m a redhead and that it happens a lot.
That must hurt so much worse than a lady wax.
In fact I really don't mind it.
I don't think some doctors take this into account enough.
I do have the young skin though which is nice.
I actually am one and it bugs the shit out of me to hear people say this.
I work in dentistry and all of our most sensitive patients are red heads.
I have a high pain tolerance, but many narcotics simply don’t work for me.
I’m a redhead and I also have an extremely low tolerance for minor headaches.
I never looked into it, but that's what the red heads I know tell me.
The butt cheak and crack basically feel like nothing when it comes to waxing for me.
I'm not a cry baby though and just try to work through it.
Also, I think hair braiders are estheticians in some places.
I thought I was just a wimp.
I think i had such an experience when I was younger.
There's really no reason to use another term.
The two estheticians I have seen say that redheads are normally fairly tolerant and don't come in too often.
I got a wife, I could ask her if need be.
I will be sure to enquire about sugaring instead of just waxing.
Everything is just so smooth after a wax and for so long it’s like living a different life.
It's not "right", but it's not really wrong either.
You know, the kind you get from war.
It was uncomfortable, and yeah it hurt, but it wasn't like... the most excruciating pain.
I usually don't pluck myself because it hurts so bad and often gives me a headache.
I find this super surprising.
In the butt crack is less painful than around the labia.
I'm not sure if it's the hair color or if I'm just weird though.
