Original Response:
So this all happened in June, and I’m only writing about it now because the situation just got solved.

As the broke college student I am I found a website that offered me money for my notes about classes and old exams that I have taken, extremely simply procedure that consists of simply uploading PDFs on the web, categorizing them, and then getting a payment on my paypal. I think “Great! I make money and I can help kids seeing what to expect on the exam by seeing the old ones”. 

The fact that I scanned all my exams and kept them in my Google Drive to have them as possible study material made the whole process easier. I upload 5 documents from my Organic Chemistry class and get paid $25, I figure that I might as well do it for all the classes, more money to buy alcohol you know?

In the span of a couple days I upload about 120 documents for subjects such as OChem, Physics, Calculus that span from old exams to notes to summaries about the whole class, pretty much my old study materials. I get a couple hundred bucks and go buy my, at the time, well deserved booze.

Fast forward a month, and I have just given all my finals, got my 4.0 this term and I am happily preparing to go back home. I wake up one morning with an email from my email professor informing me that due to the content I uploaded he is gonna fail me in the class even if I passed it with an A. 
I immediately panic, I start freaking out.
To make matters worse, I get an email from my Physics professor with the same exact content, failing the class even though I passed it.

Now I am actually freaking the fuck out, I am an international student in the US so now I’m scared my visa is gonna get cancelled and that I am a dead man.

Next day I receive an email from the Director of Student Affairs asking to meet me to discuss the question. I’m hoping he will just give me a slap on the wrist and tell me to not do it again. I meet him and after a two hour meeting he informs me that most likely I will be expelled from the school, not allowing me to enroll at the university I was transferring to and ultimately revoking my visa. I get home and have an absolute breakdown, I can’t tell my parents because they will fucking disown me so I have this weight on my back that’s literally killing me. 

However, the decision wasn’t final so the Director asks to meet me again the next week. Every day that passes it becomes worse. I don’t know what to do with myself. I have so much shit going one that I start having suicidal thoughts, I am at the lowest point of my life (I’ve been lucky enough to never have experienced any real problems).
The day comes and the fucking Director tells me that he will not give me a final decision today and that he will contact me via email, due to the fact that I am leaving to go back to my home country and won’t be in the States to personally see him.

I fly back home, and after approximately three days I get an email informing me that I have been suspended for the summer term, I have a 2500 word paper about Academic Integrity and my GPA has been lowered to a 1.0 for the term. However, I will be able to transfer to the University I was planning to go and I will get to keep my academic scholarship. 
Additionally, I have to write a paper of 2500 words about academic integrity that includes interview to two professors along with some other assignments that will be communicated me later.

Fast forward a couple of months and I am currently on a plane flying towards my new college, with a hue weight off my shoulders.


tl;dr I uploaded old college exams on the internet, went from a 4.0 to a 1.0 for the term, nearly got expelled and deported. 

EDIT: I forgot to add that I had to remove all the documents I uploaded, only way to do so was refunding the company that paid me via PayPal. So overall, I didn’t end up earning one cent.

EDIT 2: Holy fuck this blew up way more than I expected.

I’ve been getting a lot of mixed reactions, people feeling bad for what happened (which they shouldn’t) and people ripping my asshole apart (rightfully so).

Just to specify a few things that I might have gone over too quickly. 
The exams were semester old exams/weeks old, as I wanted to make sure nobody could benefit from the uploads as they would have been required to already take it.
Secondly my GPA for the term was lowered to a 1.0, this impacted my overall GPA a tiny bit but I was still
able to secure an academic scholarship at the university I transferred to.

I didn’t post it the TIFU with the purpose of saying “Fuck my College they are a bunch of douchebags”, it was more with the intent to show how little, at the time meaningless, actions can fuck up your future, big time.
Especially because I just assumed I would be able to do in the US things that I used to do in high school back at home.

I am grateful to the school for the course of action they took, as I know that things could have been way way worse.

You live and you learn.
Damn, people don’t fuck around when it comes to plagiarism. Glad it worked out for you in the end tho
Honestly, I don't even see it as plagiarism. Professors shouldn't be reusing old exams, and if it's cheating to use old exams to study, they shouldn't be returning them in the first place. And studying using someone else's notes is plagiarism like reading from a textbook is plagiarism, ie *not*. 

Edit: It may be against uni rules to share study materials with outside the school on intellectual property grounds, but it isn't intellectually dishonest to share your study materials or study with other students.
the issue is of copyright than plagiarism.
I would argue that selling the material for profit is different from sharing it
They especially shouldn't reuse the exams if students are left with copies of them
That’s true that they should not recycle old exam questions but funding can mess this up outside the control of the professors and leave them short staffed for such things. It’s a big problem in the humanities.

My wife was a GTA in a short staffed department and it was like her and one or maybe two other GTA’s also doing their studying, grading, making classes, etc. Sometimes two are responsible and one wasn’t, or just didn’t have time dude to work constraints. My wife’s department was borrowing native speakers from other departments to teach foreign languages that they couldn’t fill slots for, so one TA was writing French and Russian exams and the Russian department was no joke on work load.
[deleted]
He got money for publishing his professors exams. My uni has a section in the honour code that we're not allowed to sell our materials. Maybe that's the part they have issues with.
&gt; Professors shouldn't be reusing old exams, 

... which is self-plagiarism, really.
Expelled from the university because of a gray-area intellectual property dispute? Bit extreme, no?
- I am not saying that the university did not come in heavy handed. Finally the university did not expel the student, though, even considering to do so, and the "reduced" punishment still looks excessive to my personal judgement. If I were to be taking the decisions, I would have asked the OP to remove the content, and be done with it. I do not even know what the integrity essay would achieve, but may be that. Suspension/grade point penalty, etc. all seem quite excessive and heavy handed. But that's just my opinion.

- In my original comment, all I am saying is, it was not a plagiarism issue as far as I can tell, and seemed more like an intellectual property right issue (and also, the university may not want to disclose the way they do grading etc., which they are trying to shield through the intellectual property right defence).
&gt;and also, the university may not want to disclose the way they do grading etc., which they are trying to shield through the intellectual property right defence

Problem is, students are entitled to fair and transparent grading procedures. They can't hide that sort of thing. There's not much _to_ hide anyway, at most there's some rubric outlining how many points are docked for each type of mistake. 

The bigger problem here is that the university's policies enable self-plagiarism on the part of the professors.
&gt; The bigger problem here is that the university's policies enable self-plagiarism on the part of the professors.

Not sure what you mean. how? you think/mean the professors reuse the same exam? That will be too stupid to do (and hence, I doubt this to be the motive). Even if the past exams are not online, since, students will definitely find a way to find the past year exams and solutions. 

But even if they don't they may not want this to be public for many reasons. One I can think of is - "the exams" may be too easy/grading too lenient - because education industry is doing a competition of grade inflation: and they may not want this to be too publicly scrutinised.
&gt; you think/mean the professors reuse the same exam?

That's the only reason I can imagine for this kind of harmless action on OP's part to be prosecuted as heavily as it was.

&gt;One I can think of is - "the exams" may be too easy/grading too lenient - because education industry is doing a competition of grade inflation: and they may not want this to be too publicly scrutinised.

Universities, at least those I had experience with, are organized in such a way that this type of top-bottom strategizing is very difficult. A professor responds basically to himself, and while unreasonable grade distributions will be cause for concern and maybe a stern talking-to, it'd be very difficult to order a professor to just relax his standards to the point where he's effectively carrying out business decisions made at the highest level of the university's administration.
This is why universities get sued. In the end if he’d have contacted an attorney and stonewalled the school it would have come out better. Units like to act all high and mighty but they’re really just flexing on people that don’t know any better.
Also an immigrant on a student visa doesn't want to rock the boat and they know it
No, this isn't why Universities get sued. My University includes an Academic Misconduct contract that you are tied to. *Each and every* class syllabus contains a part of this contract and has a link to the whole thing.

This is not something a lawyer could fix. He fucked up by ignoring the rules.
Nonethless, the *selling* has no bearing on whether or not it is plagiarism, or indeed copyright infringement. At most it is an aggravating factor.
You assume it’s a rule, not a broad generalization that they inconsistently enforce depending on the identity of the perpetrator. Academia is a bastion of bullshit posturing with little accountability and disparate punishments handed out with little regard for consistency. It’s as much of a personality/connections/ego driven industry as Hollywood or government, they’re just much less honest about it. Rule number one: lawyer up.
This is 100% considered plagiarism by any US university 

Edit: didn't see above edit
Not sure what that argument has anything to do with this. This isn't a race/gender/identity thing. It doesn't matter who is cheating, if you're caught cheating, you're susceptible to punishment.

&gt; Lawyer up

You go ahead and pay a lawyer. You signed a contract. If you break that contract the school can expell you. There's nothing here to argue. There's nothing a lawyer can do. You cheated. You knew the consequences. Open and shut case.
Nope. My some of my professors explicitly said to get notes from classmates if we missed class due to sickness, etc.
Getting notes from classmates is different from uploading notes and old exams online for a profit
I can see the exam part, but not the notes part. It's no different than going to Wikipedia, Cliff Notes, etc. 

And this isn't plagiarism at all. Plagiarism is claiming someone else's work as your own. Giving out university study materials is selling someone else's intellectual property.
I definitely was too broad with plagiarism - I more meant academic integrity violation as a whole (which usually distills into plagiarism)
Oh you sweet summer child.
Lmao. Might as well say, "I have no idea what I'm talking about" Because wow, you're a cop out. You have no clue what you're talking about. 

Way to walk away with your tail between your legs.
Ok I’ll play. Let’s start with the fact that words have meaning. The word identity wasn’t invented by SJWs circa 2014 to describe characteristics of race/gender/etc. it can also mean who you are: son of a wealthy donor, daughter of an influential Chinese business man, or athletes with an eye on their draft status. These people have names (aka identities) that are familiar to faculty/admin at the university and get away with gross offenses unpunished while regular folk are conned, like OP, into begging for mercy from a system that punishes in a biased manner. I’ve seen it happen in my undergrad and both graduate programs. The Big 10 school I went to had a well known file on each professor accessible to athletes. Academic all American my ass. The inconsistency is what gives you a case as a regular Joe.

Second it’s not a contract. Most “honor” policies (just like non-competes and NDAs) aren’t worth the paper they’re printed on. You just have to be willing to hire a lawyer.

Obviously it wasn’t cut/dried for OP since he was shocked that they reacted in this manor. That and he didn’t cheat, he took the exams and posted the returned copies online as study aids. The answers are as much his IP as the questions belong to someone who regurgitated someone else’s ideas in a text book that they then sold at 1000% the fair market value to a captive consumer.
Your first paragraph is straight conspiracy theorist bullshit. Fucking nutcase level shit-spewed bullshit.

He cheated. He did wrong. No University wants a student like that. If you want to continue to argue, please, by all means, do what he did. Cheat. Violate your contract. Find the same results. There is no "Lawyer up." The school owes nothing to him, and the school cannot be sued for expelling him. I'm not sure where you get that idea.

&gt; Ok I'll play

You're a fucking nut job who has NO IDEA what you're talking about. Please, *please*, PLEASE, try to cheat, and "Lawyer up," and sue the school. You're ridiculous.
&gt;  they should not recycle old exam questions 

I can't agree here. There is a limit to how many ways you can ask "When was the war of 1812 fought?" or "What is the charge associated with a single electron".
You know longer responses don’t make you right. Nor does your refute nothing and call me crazy line of argument. To support the idea that universities don’t care at all about cheating and look the other way when it involves students that “matter” you should start [at UNC](https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2014/10/22/us/unc-report-academic-fraud/index.html) then work forward in the Google machine to students [suing ](https://www.google.com/amp/www.sandiegouniontribune.com/news/education/sd-me-cheat-ucsd-20161003-story,amp.html) universities after cheating expulsions. Just because you hope something is true doesn’t make it so, that’s called idealism it fails always. 

The university went way overboard with OP because they though they’d get away with it... and they did. Had he consulted an attorney something would probably have been agreed to without the bullshit posturing.
Sigh... Alright still being childish. That first link is something completely different, irrelevant. That second link, sure. The student "sued," and won, but can you tell me what he won? His right to return to the University. No money was awarded. No "damages" were paid because none occurred. The University couldn't prove that he cheated so they overruled the expulsion. OP has more than enough proof for expulsion.

You need to learn a few things about the legal system in this country. You cannot sue for damages that didn't occur. You cannot make thousands because somebody has inconvenienced you.

University's have rights. They have the power to pick and choose who attends/graduates from them. Recently a private Pennsylvania University expelled a student for being gay. He can't do anything about it. No lawsuits. 

And you want to argue about cheating? It speaks volumes about your character. You can be expelled for cheating. I'm not sure why you think otherwise and continue to argue. Try it yourself and report back. Try to sue your school and make money, you'll find yourself writing a TIFU.
To expound, I don’t think they should exactly recycle old exam questions and agree with your intent. I wasn’t clear enough. My wife taught foreign languages so there was a lot more room to change things up.
First and foremost I’ve never said cheating isn’t wrong. What’s wrong is dropping the hammer on one kid while letting others off with a wrist slap. This happens ALL THE TIME because the only thing that exceeds the pomposity of academics is the need for universities to make nice with connected people or those that can bring money to the school. I wish we lived in a world where this wasn’t the case, but we don’t. 

The first link has everything to do with the argument, that being that universities view and punish cheating very differently depending on who’s doing it. The fact that a large “respectable” university like UNC set up an entire fake degree track only for their athletes speaks to that point. [Here’s ](http://catalog.unc.edu/policies-procedures/honor-code/) a link to their bullshit honor code policy that was fully in place over the decade plus of the university endorsing an official cheating program for their “chosen few”. That’s the problem they don’t treat people the same, often have an opaque kangaroo court making punishment determinations, and who you are can have an outsized influence on the manner in which your treated by a university of accused or guilty of cheating. This disparity in treatment is the case, it would not be dismissed. In OP’s case the reduction in GPA to 1.0 was an overreach 

You have a lot to learn about the legal system if you think money is the objective of all lawsuits. First, in the SDSU case what the plaintiff won was the removal of an expulsion for cheating from his academic record. It cannot be understated how much something like that can impact your future and getting it removed is it’s own goal. Second, due to the bullshit secrecy of determinations of guilt and punishments at universities the only way to access the information is through legal discovery. You have to file a lawsuit to compel discovery and for that you need a lawyer. 

Your faith in institutions is misplaced. I’m done attending any kind of university but nothing has changed since I was enrolled and has gotten much worse with technology. In my graduate program there was rampant cheating by the Chinese/Indian students, not undercover shit either literally shouting answers across the room during a test, but they’re a cash cow for the university so nothing happened. I spoke with the dean of the college and still nothing happened. Universities first and foremost are rackets, only the money matters. 

My advice to anyone who ever finds themselves in any kind of trouble (whether they did it or not) is to not answer questions, admit nothing, and lawyer up. You will almost certainly receive a lesser punishment for the same offense while mitigating the long term damage from the incident. Attorneys provide dispassionate advice and work that will be 10X better than what you can achieve by throwing yourself on the mercy of any institution.
How did they even find out it was you? Did you leave your name on the documents or have your real name on your account?
I didn’t select “anonymous upload” when I uploaded the documents, so every document said “Uploaded by: my name”.
Also didn’t bother to photoshop my name out as I thought I wasn’t doing anything wrong.

Again, I was a headass.
Oh man... headass level at its peak. Glad you got a second chance though.
So they googled your name and found your uploads? How did they even find this site?
To this day I don’t know how it was found out to be honest.
[removed]
So moral of the story is use a fake name, a VPN, TOR, and remove your name from all of the papers = profit
Does that mean if you uploaded it anonymously you wouldn't have gotten in trouble?
Monitoring those sites is probably in someone's job description.

The conspiracy theorist in me thinks ~~they have Google Alerts set for every student's names.~~ the school is in cahoots with the website.
I'm willing to bet that schools have a deal with whatever company you uploaded them to (and other companies alike), that if anyone uploads with names they will pay exorbitant amounts of money more than they pay out to catch students that do that. It's basically a trap.
That's still possible if his college has deals with said website and providing info even if you your uploads are published as anonymous - the site still has your information attached to it.
TIL "headass" hahahaha thanks!
(and I'm glad it all worked out for you!)
I wouldn't be surprised if the profs were Googling themselves to see what students were saying about them and stumbled upon it.
Professor here. Lots of universities have departments which keep an eye on these sites. Most students don’t anonymise properly, so I occasionally get emails from other universities pointing to the misdeeds of my students.

These sites won’t hesitate to tell the university if you break any part of your arrangement with them. I’ve also seen a few cases where the site has outright blackmailed a student. I distinctly remember chairing the academic dishonesty panel for a student who, having used an essay mill, was being blackmailed by the company. She requested, during this disciplinary panel, that I grant an extension on all of her work, on the basis that the whole blackmail situation was making her stressed. She did not receive an extension, or indeed graduate.
$25 is not worth it, tbh
you would also need an anonymous payment method. i know one website that only pays via paypal (iirc), so it‘s maybe not worth the trouble
&gt; Also didn’t bother to photoshop my name out as I thought I wasn’t doing anything wrong.

You weren't. The only people who have to respond for a failure of academic ethics are your professors and your director of student affairs. What they did was beyond the pale.
Except they need your name to pay you
Man.... People need to learn to think more like criminals sometimes lol blank out names, don't post essays you've written for obvious reasons at least not while you're still in that school, vpn, bogus PayPal used from said vpn, xfer as payment to real PayPal or other dummy account, get it to your account or buy btc, lose the trail and cash it out in coinbase pro with no fees then xfer to bank :) quick idea of what I'd do anyways lol
At $5 each for ~120 documents, you'd be looking around $600.  Definitely worth it, especially since these exams are just sitting here, not doing me any good.
Did you mean: Kahoots?
tldr: I read this TIFU, and still decided that 600 dollars was worth what happened because of it.
US universities are big money,and they protect what they see as their intellectual property and prosecute to the fullest extent possible. OP did so something wrong - he broke a contract with his university by publishing their intellectual property. The university did everything within their rights, and it could have been much worse. They actually took it easy on him.

Just because you don't believe it's the right thing to do doesn't mean the university was in the wrong.

Mind you: I'm not defending what the university did, because I personally think the entire US college scene is a fucking scam and I wish they would all just fold up and go away. This is coming from someone who was forced to go to college in order to get any job that wasn't retail (in my area you cannot even attempt to get a retail management experience without a BA, let alone getting any other job) and who now owes so much money to the US government I could have purchased a new car.
[removed]
Except he had to refund the company
I saw that.  So, to sum: he nearly got kicked out of school, kicked out of the country, suffered almost 2 weeks of stress, for 0 dollars.  Totally worth it!
because he was an idiot who couldn't be bothered photoshopping out his name.
&gt;US universities are big money,and they protect what they see as their intellectual property

The questions they pulled from a textbook aren't their intellectual property. It's like trying to copyright the number 34892: even if you think you came up with it, someone else did it first. There's only so many exam questions you can write while keeping the exam at a reasonable level. 

&gt;OP did so something wrong - 

OP did _nothing_ wrong. 

&gt; The university did everything within their rights, and it could have been much worse. They actually took it easy on him.

Even assuming that this was an IP law situation, expelling the student, retroactively failing his classes and docking his GPA is completely disproportional. 

&gt;Just because you don't believe it's the right thing to do doesn't mean the university was in the wrong.

They were objectively, factually in the wrong.

&gt;Mind you: I'm not defending what the university did, 

But you are. That's what you just spent an entire post doing. Have the integrity to stand by your positions.
I'm not a lawyer, but from your perspective, if the student is adept in the academics of the subject, and proved so over the history of the student enrolled in the class, it would seem illegal to fail a student academically for providing a "headstart" to other students. They should be able to pass the class(es) and graduate, but face discipline of their actions in other ways.   


Its like saying "Yeah, we know your smart and know this stuff, but your really don't because your shared it". The person clearly knows the syllabus, just did a bad thing. I don't know the answer, just processing this out loud.
I imagine external companies that deal with Plagiarism (e.g., turnitin) offer some sort of checking service like this.
Well, pretty much every school in the US, and probably most of the Western World has a policy that says if you are caught cheating, or knowingly abetting cheating, you will fail and possibly be expelled.  And a bunch of rich student's lawyers have apparently not been successful in suing schools to get them to change their policy.  So good chance it's not illegal.
Presuming what he uploaded was his actual written tests, you base this working on the fact that the professor did not retain a copy of it.  Considering the ease of scanning, the fact that many use graders, and the desire to keep documents on hand for exactly this type of situation, that might not be a wise assumption to make.
It's not just about knowledge, a graduate is also vouched to be a mature and trustworthy person in respects to their academic pursuits, that's part of earning the title, and there's even separate tests to see to that in many universities.
I don't get it. When I was a student it was common practice to exchange notes with other students and go through old exams. It was supported by the professors.
Might just be my interpretation but in the example u/Timmeh7 gave I read that as the student bought an essay from the essay mill, not offered it to them.
I mean if you already graduated or can anonymously upload them properly, what’s the downside?
...or head on over to the university library, sit down next to the guy selling adderall, and sell copies of the material directly to the students...

&amp;nbsp;

...is *definitly not* what I would advise.
Re-reading Timmeh7's post, he didn't call out the OP, but gave an example of other students use the essay mill.
It does sound pretty ridiculous for what amounts to potentially helping others cheat. 

I care a lot about honesty. Like to a neurotic degree. But I also care about people being treated fairly and especially kids under pressure being treated fairly, and though college-age may be fully grown in legal terms, it's not exactly full wisdom mode yet.

Nothing about this situation implies active ill-intent. More of a mistake borne of ignorance that is worth forgiving with a minor punishment.

OP does not come across as deceptive or ill-intentioned, so that leads to the possibility that he's just good at hiding it, but if he was good at hiding it, you'd think he would have been able to smooth things over when caught, rather than getting slapped with a huge penalty.

So my conclusion, based on what I can discern, is that the university overreacted and the punishment does not fit the crime.

So yeah, I agree with you.
&gt; as I thought I wasn’t doing anything wrong

So what exactly did you do wrong? Those notes are your copyright. The exam results might be a bit more iffy, but still, if you are not uploading their content it shouldn't be a problem?
Seems accurate
I read "used an essay mill" to be that the student consumed the test information and was then blackmailed, rather than provided it, making the decision to fail them much simpler.
Sounds to me like it’s up to the school to decide whether you pass or not no matter how well you do the work.
Look at the full context: "I distinctly remember chairing the academic dishonesty panel for a student who, having used an essay mill, was being blackmailed by the company"

the commenter is providing an analogy, not calling out the OP. In reference to my response to the commenter, I was looking for his/her opinion given they have been in this position before, however the OP does not appear to be USING an essay mil.
I'm curious on whether or not your notes were a problem too, you took the notes yourself but they were notes from a prof's course.  
Anyway I'm glad you got a second chance, make the most of it. Academic integrity is a bitch and academic people are really serious about it
God damn if it turns out this is a honeypot set up by schools...
[removed]
Idk im at a canadian university and the school themselves asks for uploaded notes. Profs also give u previous exams to study from most if not all the time.
Not in the US, and you can't plead ignorance since they'll typically make you sign a document saying you CANNOT do what OP did.
They're not anonymous to the company.
Professor here. Schools have academic integrity policies and sharing exams ("unauthorized aids") is usually listed quite clearly in the policy.  An old exam may be an authorized aid, but in this case it wasn't.  And if the Professor wanted you to have it, they would give it to you.  As for the process, it is usually pretty fair.   You get accused, and then you either admit you did it, or there is a hearing where you are found responsible or not responsible by some panel that you and the Prof speak in front of and that reviews the evidence. I assume he just admitted it, since it sounds like it was obvious (although students often don't admit it, even when it's obvious). The penalties are usually outlined in accordance with whatever the infraction is.  This is a pretty big infraction and if the student was unaware he violated the policy it's likely because he wasn't paying attention during orientation or to the syllabus.   
As for sharing notes and so on, yes, this would be up to the Professor what is and isn't allowed and usually outlined in the syllabus.  Selling the Professor's materials to site which then sells them to others should be kind of a no-brainer in my mind, though.
[#cahoots](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/proxy/GP7yDPxBq13OV4AdggTJiBZ9wQhbuatr-LX3gS5jVY-e0mZ53BIMk7VtbkS13aPc46dbtg=w512-h287-nc)
Oh, I thought you were referring to the student in their post, not to those like OP.

  
I agree that punishing OP to that extent was excessively harsh, although I can understand the logic of the Institution wanting to avoid this sort of thing as although OP knows this stuff as a result of uploading the information future students who may not grasp the topic are able to quickly get top level answers which ultimately hinders both themselves and the Institution.
Ya i just find it weird how your not allowed to share paper work ur given. If u give students exams with answers on them, they will be shared/sold with a select few (under the "black market")  making it unfair to other students who had no access.

Schools here realize this and either keep your exams which can only be checked  under supervision, or are just given to the students. If the ladder the profs will upload copies of previous exams with answers.
I'm from the UK, during the first week or two of uni, for induction I had a whole afternoon class regarding plagiarism and collusion and the very steep disciplinary consequences for being caught. The subject came up many times, especially within the first year. 

It was also made clear that the uni routinely checked these paper mills as well as sites offering online tuition.

Most people I've spoken to over here also had this drummed into their heads during induction.

I completely agree with the uni, punishment for cheating should be very harsh, otherwise it dilutes your degree.
Exactly, because I already have a copyright to the number 34892, and by the way, you now owe me a license fee for using it in your post.
Foiled again! I'll exchange it for the fee you owe me for using the phrase "by the way", which is mine. We should be even now.
Why didn't you consult with or get a lawyer?

Universities will throw you under the bus any chance they get to protect the institution they've created. you've got to learn to play their game just as well as they can.
&gt;I was a headass

Newt?
Sorry to say this so bluntly, but you are a [***] and really need to learn from your mistakes. Consider this scenario 1 week fast forward.

TIFU by posting a TIFU on reddit

A stranger has messaged me indicating that he downloaded most of my documents. Now I'm being blackmailed because he can post them online again, and I have no way to prove to the university it wasn't me, as my name appears in all of them.
Tbh he is just an asshole.
You mean, I can use a public computer and type in the names of the cheating students I have in my class and then upload documents in their name and expel them??
An essay mill writes an essay for you. Not quite the same thing.
We had that all the time too, but it’s up to them to decide how and when to do that, not the student
How is it cheating? It's a long way between "here's the multiple choice essay so and so has given every semester for three years" (which is insanely lazy on the professor's part) and "here are more problems I had to solve". The course information covers what subjects will be taught, this is examples of problems worked. In STEM stuff, nobody is gonna memorize entire solutions because that just doesn't work. If you go "oh, ok, I remember this kind of problem involves fugacity" then you learned something. You still gotta solve it!
I don't really understand what you DID do wrong. Is it because they use the same exam every time so people could cheat? Surely it's no different than uploading any other revision materials otherwise.
It might seem like it now, but it won't in time.  

When I was a student, $600 seemed like a crazy amount of disposable cash - it would have been an amazing windfall.

Now, 20 years later, it's not a significant amount of money.  That's because I have a good salary and a comfortable life, which is mostly due to my education. 

As a student I might have been tempted, like you.  But today the idea of having risked my comfortable life now for a mere $600 back then is horrifying, regardless of how low the chances would have been of getting caught.  It's would have been enormously high-stakes gamble with my future for what is in context a very small return.

I'm not trying to criticise you, and writing this made me feel very old.  It's just really easy when you're young to gamble with your future without really understanding what you're risking.  I see it all the time.
&gt; Ya i just find it weird how your not allowed to share paper work ur given. If u give students exams with answers on them, they will be shared/sold with a select few (under the "black market") making it unfair to other students who had no access.

Wait what?  You can't just reproduce a book you purchased without permission.  Why would you be able to reproduce original content or content a university licensed without giving YOU express permission to do so.  And the fact that cheating exists doesn't make it unfair that not all students illegally cheated.  Certainly not in the eyes of the law.
If you are not smart enough to understand how they found the same sites that their students find, then you might not be as college-ready as you think you are.
At least in my experience it's varied class from class.  Some professors will post tests from the last few years for you to study along with a study guide outlining everything you need to know for the final while others wont post anything - notes, exams, quizzes, study guides, just a "if its anywhere in the 700 page textbook you might be tested on it".
"Hey man can i borrow that book you read"
 

Im at an economics school, and  profs realize that the demand is there for previous exams. So  instead of trying to catch people sharing a few pages of paper, they decide to make every exam unique and give out previous exams instead. This makes it fair for everyone, as previous exams are study tools.

If the profs dont give out exams, they instead control the supply to keep things fair for all students.
Classmates likely found it and brought it to the professor’s attention. That’s normally how I’ve seen these things being found out. 

I had an instructor who used all test bank questions for exams. Many of those questions were on quizlet. A student informed her.
Ya it varrys quite a bit per class, but either the profs give you previous exams, or they hold on to each students exam.
&gt;  In STEM stuff, nobody is gonna memorize entire solutions because that just doesn't work

That's literally the concern.  The test is reused between quarters/semesters/whatever, and the students can memorize the entire solution to pass the exam.  Or even knowing the overall steps for it.  Granted, it is stupid for a college to do so, but it's still within their legal right to prevent you from giving away materials they created or licensed, especially considering you'd have almost certainly signed a document stating that you would not do so, under penalties including but not limited to failing the class and expulsion.

This is the same for an industry standard exam, so if you go to /r/cnna or /r/ccnp, you can see someone ask something like, "I ran into a problem understanding IPv6 neighbor discovery on an exam", which would be allowed, but not, "On the exam, I got a question that said, 'When doing IPv6 neighbor discovery, the device sends a message to: a. taco, b. hotdog, c. pickle, d. apple pie'"

The first example is discussing a topic in general.  The second is disclosing an actual test question, which is actually illegal considering it is covered under intellectual property law as original content.  The fact that 5,000 people a day worldwide get that question on the exam might make their exam system stupid, but it certainly doesn't absolve them of the ability to penalize those who get around it.

And further, whatever company OP sent the exam docs to could very reasonably be successfully sued if they maintained copies of and distributed an exam which they had reason to believe was IP of a university in the same way that me giving you a copy of the latest best-selling novel would not absolve you of any wrongdoing if you started selling or giving away copies, or even possessed it yourself.

Like it or not, that's how copyright law works here.
You've obviously never read any student contracts. Which isn't surprising, since no one ever does.
Well that’s stupid, moral of the story: be careful and keep everything anonymous unless otherwise required
I definitely know what you mean by processing out loud and I wanted to build on that. I think the idea is basically to assume bad faith of the student. Bad faith as in, if you uploaded these documents, you probably cheated in the past as well. It is such a hardcore banhammer for western universities too, it will just destroy your credibility.
I completely agree that doing just that is the responsible and reasonable thing to do.  I'm just pointing out that failing to do so does not make their IP/copyright claims invalid, and that they can and will and do go after people like OP.
It's definitely kosher if the professor allows/does it, but if they *don't...* that's when it usually becomes cheating.
Ok, so first off. I have never had a college make me sign anything similar to that. I have however made literal cheat sheets for all my classes and provided them to other students freely. 

A test you take is not copyrighted or otherwise claimed. Cheating is not illegal in most cases.
What I don't understand is why this was against the rules. At our uni you can download every old exams from the unis website, all the presentation material including what the teacher writes (they write on the computer) and students can get paid by the school to take notes for other students.
Ya the copyright law is a lil different and usually effects students uploading professors ppt slides.
Unless it gets discovered that you did it, if it does your university could potentially revoke your degree and ruin your career. That alone would be devastating for most if not all careers, in many careers it would be a death penalty (engineering, medical, law, science, etc)
You're, and latter, brother.  Not to be that guy, bc grammar nazis are annoying, but you'll go farther in your academic career.
How did anyone with a functioning brain, let alone a supposed 4.0 student think they weren't doing anything wrong? Fucking lol.
Cheers bro!
https://www.google.com/search?q=academic+dishonesty+policy&amp;oq=academic+dishonesty+policy

There's got to be about 20 examples that come up on the first page.

Any original work can be copyrighted, and in the case of a University that wishes to reuse it or prevent it's dissemination, certainly will be.  Cheating being illegal or not is immaterial.  Dissemination of the material IS illegal.  And expelling you for cheating, however they reasonably define it, without any refund or recompense is also not illegal.
Yes they are if you photoshop your name out and use paypal for money collection.
But OP uploaded about 120 so that’s a lot more money. Plus it takes 2 seconds to shop the name out. I assume you only have to have the rest set up once. Definitely worth it. They’d make in one day more than some college kids make in a week.
Slides and exams and lectures are no different under copyright law.  Both Universities and corporations enforce class/industry exam material protections vigorously.
Students attempting to memorize solutions for specific problems might explain how many crappy engineers we have these days. :D.   
    
I appreciate the well-written response.
To your first sentence, I completely agree.

In my industry, it explains why so many people can have a certification but no nothing about what we do.
I was just fortunate enough to never have been forced to sign an absurd contract that prevented me from using knowledge I learned in a course. I've also been fortunate in that every institution I've been a part of would have been greatly concerned if a professor happened to reuse old exams verbatim year after year. As such, any motivation to prevent sharing of old exams and course materials evaporated.
I think the downside is the loss of your moral integrity? Helping others to cheat and violating another person’s intellectual property rights is hardly ethical behaviour.
Plot twist: your school runs the site?
Idk, helping others cheat and pass classes that they otherwise don't deserve to doesn't bother you?
1) It's not cheating to view old exams, that's what's called "studying".
2) Even if it were cheating, content of exams can be communicated by upperclassmen who took the same class in prior years, anyway. It's the professor's fault if they reuse the same exam with no changes.
3) I won't argue about intellectual property rights, but any good professor will share practice exams from previous years, anyhow.
I still don't get what did you do wrong? What was there in notes and question papers that the college didn't want out.
OP got almost expelled for sharing old exams and class notes, not using essay mills, did you even read the post?
This
In your home country, would this be reprehensible? Its a common pratice in my country... everything gets uploaded for future generations. Theres cloud websites with the combined knowledge of thousands of old students to go throught.

I feel like this is a classic fucked by the system cade... I am terrified of living in the USA (i interned there at a major tech for 6 months) but would not go back. Seems like the in the USA you can get fucked by dumb actions/event much easier then any other first world country
That part, that part right there is the real TIFU
Exactly. He didn't cheat at all, while the punishment he received did make him out as a cheater.

Would it be cheating if I orally told another student that I was helping study the answer to an old exam? Doesn't seem that way to me.
This is weird. In my university, the student society runs a website where all past exams are shared and any student can upload their exams.  All profs know about it and are okay with it. I guess you did it for cash which might have been a violation.
But if it's a writing assignment and it matches perfectly then ur fuked
He didn't get in trouble for the notes, he got in trouble for the exams. The website wouldn't want just exam results (a scantron reading a, b, b, c, d, a) so it's likely he uploaded the exam content as well. Now don't get me wrong, if the professors are giving back exams to students and not changing future iterations it's on them partially too. However uploading your exams you just finished to a website so you can profit (and likely the website sells them to students desperately wanting an edge) is a morally iffy and frankly a stupid thing to get involved in and not expect consequence. That being said, we are in today ***I*** fucked up.
But arneobredero was responding to a different story, where a student did use an essay mill.
Wow, you are so dumb.
That's idiotic.
Some allow it; some don't. There's a difference between tests during class and finals for many.
Who's to say they pulled questions from a textbook? While most classes I remember reference a textbook a lot of exam questions were from lectures themselves, not the textbook. Bear in mind we don't even know the full situation, perhaps OP was granted only limited time review of the exams (the way they wrote it seemed like they were exams he just finished) because they reuse exams or rehash them. Maybe OP had finished his rounds of exams but the next one was about to start using the same exams and he uploaded them breaking academic integrity. Either way uploading exams (old or not) to a website for profit, so that in turn the website sells them back to desperate students seems to me like both a morally/ethically grey area, as well as frankly a stupid thing to do expecting 0 consequences.
Universities don’t really work logically.
Throughout the entire year, yeah its worth it. You just cant be stupid as dirt like OP about it. Use Paypal, VPN, anon uploading, photoshop names, dates, professor names out of every single document. Im surprised there was only 120 documents. Throughout the year I can probably accumulate 400 or more so it’s a much more lucative option for me, but I guess that also depends on the classes and the university itself.
How is this academic dishonesty?  I don't understand
You don't even have to use photoshop either just put a bit of paper over your name before you scan it in.
How is uploading the test cheating?  The school I went to always had new exams different from past ones.
A collection of facts is not an original work though. And generally a test is just a collection of facts
Now you know better, next time upload anonymously, protecting your identity is the most important thing you can do on the internet.
happy cake day
arneobredero was responding with

&gt;exchange notes with other students and go through old exams

arneobredero clearly wasn't talking about essay mills. Did you even read the post?
Yeah exactly. You could lose millions of dollars in future income for $600:
I can't see how it is cheating though. Over here professors share old exams and notes with current students and students form groups that openly share old exams and study questions outside of class and this is even encouraged by faculty. Hell, old exams and assignments are required to be public  record by law. Using unallowed study materials or supplies during an exam is of course not allowed, and neither is assisting other students during an actual exam or assignment.
Well their answers are also unique. If they answer a question a unique way or if professors kept a digital copy they could've still been found out. Especially if the school is using monitoring software.
I understand the tests part but why does his notes enable cheating? They’re just used to study. 

I’m also in teaching so I personally don’t think the professor should be using the same exam year after year. And those classes shouldn’t have a single exam, it should have variations. But that’s another thing entirely. I
That’s still allowed but putting it online is all of a sudden a big nono.
What did they say you did wrong? They were old exams and shouldn't matter.
It isn't. I have worked in higher ed for 12 years and I can assure you, it likely was just the faculty themselves. They can be pricks.
Which department? Unless it is a giant school with an over abundance of employees, I haven't seen a school that dedicates someone to this yet.
[deleted]
Your university monitors those sites. They all do
Degrees can be revoked.
Username checks out
Take it as a good learning experience. Even if you think you're doing something good there's always a possibility it will bite you in the ass. 

Always consider the possible outcomes
The juice isn’t worth the squeeze
Having to anonymize your upload lest you suffer academic sanctions would definitely suggest this is considered cheating by your institution, whatever your personal views are. Your professor should definitely adjust the exam every year but just because they don’t, it isn’t suddenly okay to share the content of that exam with the internet. 

There’s a distinct difference between upper classmen communicating the content of the exam (focus on topic x, watch for trick questions on this subject, etc) and broadly distributing the full exam content for memorization. There are reasons many universities no longer provide the exams directly to the students and instead require students to make appointments to view their exams during office hours under the supervision of a TA or the professor, and this is one of them.
He was responding TO  a comment about essay mills, not with a comment about essay mills
Just as my tuition checks can bounce
Type up new exams, find someone not in college to re-write them slightly differently, and split the reward.

It's still academic dishonesty but you get plausible deniability
Telling someone the exact question on an exam isn't illegal. Selling it would be and you can have certifications revoked, but that doesn't mean it's illegal.
Eh. At that point it’s a piece of paper. You have the degree and any licensure you’ll need. You’ll have experience likely. Companies aren’t going to ring up the dean and ask did he graduate from your school?
Honestly don’t be too hard on yourself. At my school we are allowed to keep some exams and they are used as study material all the time, I would’ve done the same thing you did TBH.
So if I select "anonymous upload", photoshop my name out, have a fake username/email and stuff, use a VPN on tor browser in incognito, while on a raspberry pi, I should be fine?
People like that is why we can't have nice things
My University pays people to do just that. It's part of disability services, if you can't take notes for a class because of your disability they will pay someone else for their notes from the class. Not to mention just about everyone borrows someone else's notes to cover a day they missed at some point. Hell, I've even heard of collaborative notes where a group takes notes on a Google doc and makes live corrections during the lecture. If sharing notes is plagiarism, nobody should have ever graduated college. I think OP's school clearly overreacted in at least some part of this, which is probably why OP wasn't expelled.
Did the school not have published rules about this?
Might make the news though given how rare it is to get revoked.
Most reputable companies will run a background check on you which will definitely find out whether or not you actually have a degree though
I'd only add the fact that you'd want 2 VPNs, one in front and one after TOR, both bought with anonymous BTC, and to shuffle the BTC with a tumbler / mixer.
There you go!
Honestly, that's probably what saved you. If you had shopped off your name and posted anonymously, maybe they never would have figured out it was you; but if they did you would have been expelled for sure. That would have demonstrated that you knew you were doing something wrong.

Since you made no effort to hide your name at all, it dramatically strengthened an argument that you just honestly thought it was fine to do what you did. This also makes the paper you had to write about academic integrity far more appropriate, since it is a learning experience and not strictly punitive.
The presentation of them is original work, which is why you can't just take a text book, which contains a bunch of existing facts, and reproduce it for free without being licensed.
Site name???
Sure it is.  Exam data is proprietary information covered under intellectual property laws.
I don’t think the banking system will be your friend in such a case.
I declined overdrafts, so....
Might give the impression that you cheated your way to a degree
I can see that you do not understand the legality of selling another entity's IP.
If you have any respect for your professors at all, then you will not do this. They have to completely rewrite all of their tests and assignments now bc the key is now online.
Lol no... Shit most don't even call references.
Just thought I would reply here. You did not do anything wrong. You did not break any academic integrity rules. What you did was perfectly ethical. If your professors want to keep exams out of the public domain it is their responsibility to Not give them back to students to keep! I always let my students keep their exams and recognize that they will do exactly what you did to help out. I make a new exam every time. What you went through was highly unethical, but from the institutional end of things. It was a prime example of an egregious abuse of power. 

But I have to say, because if the power dynamic, you handled it the only way you could have. If your story is true, I’m sorry you had this experience.
So you've never held a job that required a college degree then?  Because degree verifications are very real and very common.  Every school has a standard request form that they dedicate full time staff to process on a regular basis for former students.
No really, they do.  Reference checks are becoming less common but any reputable company in the country will verify your degree if the position requires one.  Do you really think you can just make up any degree on a job application and they will just trust you? Lmao.
I get constant Facebook messages from my universities disability page offering people money to note take certain classes. So this is definitely odd.
I’m in my last year now but every story I’ve heard is that the licensure is much more important, I’ll have to pass those and they would check for graduation there. But after that it would be very rare to have it checked as long as I have licensure.
“Steganography”
I agree from a logical perspective but consider the very common scenario of a student letting someone else copy their homework or exam answers.  It's pretty standard policy at all schools that both students fail even though the one who did the work earned the grade so this might fall in line with that.
Make sure to do it all in a burner. At McDonald's, 50 miles away. Just to be safe ya know
Yeah especially if it's a smaller school.  Some of my classes were only taught every other semester and only had a class of maybe 30 students so it wouldn't be surprising if a professor recognized a students handwriting or answers.
Really depends on what kind of place you’re applying. Small mom and pop businesses probably won’t but any large company I’ve worked for has had an extensive bg check
[removed]
Because often times (especially for the intro-level required classes) professors will just have a question bank or they will simply change numbers around, and using websites like this to memorize every question in the bank isn't learning, and unless the professor has provided you with the old tests beforehand (which would make using websites like this pointless), it certainly isn't how the professor intended for you to study. It's one thing to use your own old tests from that professor to get an idea of the kinds of questions they ask and to see how they grade, it is a completely separate issue when you are getting copies of tests about the same exact material you are to be tested on. You all can downvote me if you want, but getting a scouting report of the test defeats the purpose of studying and testing in my opinion. The scouting report should be your own notes from having attended the lectures and/or reading the material.
I’m pretty sure this is the opposite situation - the girl used an essay mill (websites/companies that you pay to write your essay for you on a certain topic) and then they blackmailed her. The first part is 100% cheating and makes it seem like she probably wasn’t good at the subject.

I think the issue with OP sharing his materials though is that he was getting paid for IP that wasn’t his - if he had been sharing old tests and stuff for free as study aids that’s one thing (and lots of school will actually do this), but profiting off of the documents someone else wrote is where he crossed the line.
[deleted]
I'm quite certain the institutions do consider it cheating. That does not make it actually so, except, unfortunately, in the official capacity, where they can punish you just for attempting to better prepare yourself to succeed on an exam.


If you ask me, it's more morally dubious to so strongly discourage people from a particular avenue of attaining mastery in a subject. But I'm a hardline anti-establishment kind of guy, so take my perspectives on these things with a grain of salt, I guess.
How can they revoke something like that. If something like this TIFU or a revoke happened here in my country everyone would go ballistic over it.
Remember to scrape all the metadata from the files, it's basically invisible data in a file that usually tells something like Author: Username, time made etc. In some cases it can even include location data(in the example of JPEGs)
Lesson for you: in academia, never publicize anything that contains intellectual contributions from others without asking them first, unless under the most exceptional of circumstances. 

People in this entire thread miss the key point. Even if you supplied the answer, the test content is your professors' creation. Why they do not want it published (whether to recycle old tests or w/e) is their business, not yours. And to be honest, there are many other reasons 

Had you uploaded an essay you wrote for a creative writing class, without referencing the original assignment requirements or the classes it were for, things would have been different. Such an action might still be frowned upon, but much less likely punished.
I'm still confused about what you did do wrong.  It's not like you were cheating, right?  I guess you should have waited until the school year was over though
Your degree is contingent on academic honesty. If they later find out that you broke that contingent, it would seem reasonable to nullify your degree. That's why you should never attach your name to any discussion regarding pro-cheating content. Universities care greatly about reputation.
I suppose hindsight is everything, but I can't imagine doing something like that unless I made sure that there was no way to trace any of those documents back to me.
VPN and Tor are redundant (Really, on that case only removing the names and uploading with a fake account would be enough)
Happy cake day?
I know what it is im just hoping/wishing there was another person whos cake day it was to wish you yours
Account anniversary. And as I just noticed, its my cake day as well haha
There are plagiariism detection software that checks these sites. They would have flagged it.
If you're willing to take the credit hit for a while, you can always use the credit card companies and declare bankruptcy.
If 600 bucks is worth a 1.0 semester or getting expelled, then more power to you.
Holy shit, this might be the dumbest thing I've read all day. How could you even *begin* to think that uploading all your exams, documents, and essays with your full name FOR PROFIT on the internet wouldn't be wrong?? Colleges are real anal about plagiarism and shit here, there is no way you didn't know that. Least you still have a 4.0 in dumbassery.
Feels a bit overkill, this is a university, not the government.
I'm also pretty sure there are products/services catering to educational institutions that review papers for plagiarism.  They may upload all student exams and papers to a service and it then routinely scans the web for strings found in the uploads.  If anything is found with enough similarity it notifies the institution of potential plagiarism or answered tests.  That's just my hunch.

http://www.ithenticate.com/products

https://www.turnitin.com

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Plagiarism_detection
[deleted]
I don't think the banking system will be your friend in *any* case.
What does this have to do with student contracts?
Lollll you fucked up soooo bad
I’m generally a pretty moderate person on most issues but in this particular case, the rule is there because as students, this content doesn’t belong to us, it belongs to the professors. I think there’s a good case that your own notes could be considered a derivative work of your own if they contain enough substantially different content, but the exams and professor’s own lecture notes are theirs to disseminate, not ours. 

I guess my point would be that the official definition from your institution is what matters, not whatever we as individuals might think constitutes cheating. In principle though, I would agree that students can use previous exams to better prepare themselves for the upcoming one, but realistically, we are better off using blank exams to test our knowledge rather than a marked version containing the answers, because there’s no testing your knowledge in this case. Attaining mastery comes from learning the material and then challenging your understanding of it, not just the rote review of material.
&gt; While most classes I remember reference a textbook a lot of exam questions were from lectures themselves, not the textbook.

The professor likely saw the same subject several times in their career, and there's a very good chance that, even if the questions don't come from the textbook that was used in the course, they come from _a_ textbook that the professor has seen before. It's almost impossible to come up with completely original exam questions, except perhaps in very specific subjects.

&gt;  because they reuse exams or rehash them

Which is completely wrong, and in no way OP's fault.

When I was in school, I once couldn't make it to an exam because I had a flight that I could only schedule for that day. I asked the professor to let me take the test early, but he said no. Eventually we came to a compromise where I took the test earlier in the same day but could only finish and leave when the rest of the class had already started. I didn't like the rigidity at the time, but this is a guy who clearly cares about keeping his exams secret, and who won't be reusing them in the following years. Someone who does reuse exams really has no right to complain when they leak.
Most colleges and universities nowadays subscribe to commercial anti-plagiarism services like Turnitin to check student work for "borrowed" content. If you've gone to school in the past decade, you've probably had to deal with these services at least once. Many of these services ALSO monitor homework sharing sites for stolen exams and content, and alert the schools when their tests and assignments have been made available. Pretty much every major homework/exam sharing site is monitored in real-time by these services. 

&amp;#x200B;

The school probably had an email alert from the monitoring service within an hour of the content going online. 

&amp;#x200B;

Life pro tip: If you ever do something like this and get caught, the simplest way out is to tell the school: "I don't know what you're talking about. The semester is almost over. I was cleaning up and threw those papers in the trash last week." If you're going to be dishonest by uploading the papers for cash (a violation of the academic integrity policy at nearly every university I've ever seen), telling a lie to get out of it really isn't that much of a stretch.

Or better yet, just don't upload the papers. Plagiarism simply helps unqualified people graduate, which devalues the degree you worked so hard for. 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
And the immoral of the story is you could upload everything under someone else's name on a public school computer to ruin them.
600 dollars ain't worth risking your 60k+ education for short term gains
Scrubbing your identity is important when sharing notes and tests with friends too. Just in case they ever get caught
Just use Mega or some other anonymous service. Dropbox is probably good enough with that as well. I never know if Drive displays my name or not to other people and I hate it.
Is the rule of not sharing available in a student handbook or anything? As a foreign student, how are you to know the education culture of not sharing unless specifically told. Whats even worse is they went after you and not the damn hosting website that paid you!!!!!!!
only if they know it was you
Are class notes worth the same as exams? Because other than handwriting it’s less likely to have identifiable information, it’s the kind of thing that just helps students without detriment to teachers and the penalty, if any, would be a lot less than leaking the answers to an exam I’d like to believe(which who knows how OP had, if they don’t change the questions that shit travels fast, with or without an intermediary website).
But they made him write a paper on academic integrity, if it was ip theft what does academic integrity have to do with anything?
I don't consider that cheating though.  Using an old version of a test, to me, is just a study material.  If the professor decides to just use the same test year in and out, isn't that on them?

I think using an old version of a test or notes if very different than paying for an essay and then putting your name on it
Wow, college has definitely changed since I was there, since there were brick and mortar stores that sold that stuff to students.  Everyone went there.  Its easy, just you know, change up your tests
Serious case of cranio-rectal inversion.
Same in the UK. Previous notes and exam papers were available from the library for free.

Which is why I don't really get any of this.
Depends on your job. Even with experience you need that qualification of having a degree because if you are doing anything important you become a liability since you don't have proper certifications even if you do have experience.
[deleted]
Also a Professor, also have dealt with an essay mill blackmailing a student.  Signed up to the essay mill under a fake gmail, got them to write an essay for me in a subject I just made up (and where I made it absolutely clear that I was a student looking to cheat), told them to fuck off when they demanded payment.  They then threatened to report me to the professor who set the paper, who I had also made up.  FUN TIMES.
The website was probably meant for cheating and targeted study purposes, so they wouldn't likely work with schools to entrap students.
Planning to stay in one place forever ?  I recently moved jobs and they wanted to go back and get everything vouched back to high school, which I graduated over 20 years ago.  University records, work references, everything checked.
There are tracking companies like turn it in if that’s still in use that basically scans what’s available and compares line by line. Wouldn’t be so hard to match essays.
Eversince my school put that in the student conduct, we got a lot more cautious on uploading, use secondary person emails, re-convert pdfs, and if hand written, some simple contrast change can blurr up the lines but still readable.

If professors don't put their work in every year, things will be on internet.
The government can't even catch normal TOR users. 

Keep in mind that most "mastermind" criminals that are caught are done so via slip ups.

Most TOR users are caught via posting their personal email or name or other identifying info. 

You can stay off a schools radar by simply omitting your name. Anything more is overkill.
The majority of people just omit their name and never get caught.

If you want to be extra super careful, just don't use campus wifi to do this on. 

Anything beyond that is a complete waste of time.
Which would result in check fraud
All so you can make $600
If your username is your real name or something ok sure it's not anonymous. But it effectively is if you don't give that company any real personal information.
Forgot to tumble your coins or shapeshift (before shapeshift went apeshit) with VPN to xmr and use anything BUT coinbase to cash it out, like Bitpay debit ATM withdrawal.
If you’re already employed it doesn’t matter
Fuck man I had to redo an assignment and got an A- in a class and failed an assignment *I had specifically asked about* because I "Plagiarized myself" American schools don't fuck around on who owns shit you turned in.
"Headass"

You're adorable.
A background check that confirms your education history is an expensive background check. Most will check for felonies, sex offenders, other criminal history, active parole, why anything else?
I guess there are some teachers not changing the topics every exam or something. At our college many teachers have subjects that are 10 years old or more.
Huh?! He took a document authored by another person and sold it for personal gain! It’s the definition of unethical behavior.
I was moreso referring to the fact that you can't default or declare bankruptcy on student loans for a bunch of stupid reasons, but you can get around that with credit cards.
Please see my previous comments.
That doesn't even sound worth it.
I mean yeah, for blue collar jobs it’s not a big deal. But for white collar office people, IT, engineers, doctors, finance, etc, verifying education is pretty important
Any assignment that is ever submitted electronically should never be used.  Professors have them ALL stored up to look for plagiarism.
My college program actually has us sign a waiver saying we won’t discuss, upload, or even take pictures of exams or quizzes. Pretty common in a lot of schools and nursing majors I’ve been told.
Regarding uploading the notes and old exams as study material:

It is possible it wasn't the sharing of notes and old exams among peers that was the issue, but selling it for money in an environment where most of what happens is intended to give a cheater/plagiarizer assistance.

I have handed over old papers, exams, and notes to plenty of people as study material and no one cared. I was often asked by professors to show other people my papers as they thought I excelled at organizing my thoughts. However, I would be terrified to sell them online in any capacity, especially at a site that caters to a certain demographic.
I may have actually fought it. Does it say somewhere you can't share an exam AFTER the exam? I actually think this isn't that bad.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I had several college profs in the US who reused the same test questions for the exams (qualitative science classes: immunology, microbiology, evolution). They might change the wrong answers on multiple choice questions, but the questions were the same semester to semester.  Some were not secretive about it; we didn’t get to keep our exams afterward to prevent sharing with future semesters and were told they reused exams. (this was in early days of smart phones so most cameras were still pretty crap on most college kids phones). So I can totally see why posting old exams would be an ethical violation. You’re literally giving someone the key, similar to if you stole it from the prof. 

I also had professors that gave the whole class old exams (with answer keys) as a guide/practice test for the students. Those exams were obviously NOT the same ones I got on exam day; they wrote new ones each year. 

Now the notes and slides are obviously fair to share. Most of my college profs posted outlines/slides but they didn’t have the full info. 

But I’m guessing the ethical violation was 100% because of the exams, not the notes.
This was in the US where even going back to high school all my teachers were very clear that plagiarism, cheating, and helping others cheat were serious offenses. Every syllabus for each class at the universities I went to had a section on the school's policy regarding cheating and plagiarism because they took it that seriously.

Maybe OP went to a private school that wasn't so explicit about it, but at the schools I went to there would be no excuse for uploading course material, especially tests, to any website. I don't think anyone would bat an eye if you just uploaded your lecture notes, but tests and quizzes were almost treated like heavily guarded state secrets. Some teachers wouldn't even let us take our tests out of the classroom after they were returned from grading. We got to look at our right and wrong answers and had to pass them back in, probably because there was this big fear that the questions and answers would be uploaded somewhere.

When every syllabus is required by the University to have a section on academic integrity listing automatic failure and possible expulsion for this kind of behavior, it should be clear that those sites are not condoned or supported by the school.
The exam was not copyrighted. The students got to keep the paper. The students even provided content (co-authored) by  answering questions. I see no ethical reason to punish the student here.  This is 100% the professor’s fault. By all actions taken, permission to disseminate the exam is implicit.
True lol
Not every teacher feels like writing up a new exam every semester.

I don't think any of the schools I went to had a problem with people  sharing lecture notes, but it would be a bad idea to share tests and quizzes.
Exactly. What you need to do is use it as a base and completely to rewrite it in your own words.
In the US, most schools and profs will make sure you know in no uncertain terms how they view the handling of their material. I have had professors that encouraged you to record lectures, take pictures of notes, keep old tests, etc. I have also had profs say if they see a question they wrote anywhere, online question board/site, tutor center, etc., they will give you a zero for the class, no exceptions. In fact, my stats professor told us that writing down answers from the back of the book on hw will give you a zero on ALL assignments, even for just one problem, as someone whose good at math and doesn't write much down, this meant I actually had to show more work than I normally would just to avoid a zero for an answer I did in fact get myself. I've had science teachers encourage you to record them during lab and upload it to YouTube if you please, and others who will force you to leave class for taking a picture of them or fail you if you do it again. They have all outlined their opinions on the matter in their syllabus by either writing their rules themselves or referring to the schools ethics guidelines. It all just depends on the person, but with the heavy consequences that can follow, its always best to double check personally.
Things that can happen to you when you default on a student loan: 

Wage garnishment

IRS withholds tax refunds

Social Security checks not issued

Sued by the government (hint: borrower almost never wins)

Ruin your credit for many years

[Man arrested by U.S. Marshals for unpaid student loan](https://money.cnn.com/2016/02/16/pf/college/arrested-student-loan-marshals/index.html)
If you're smart, you can get piles of cash by tutoring rich students who don't give a damn about studying.
Exchanging notes with students who are in your current class and purchasing notes so you don't have to go to class are very different things. One of them assumes at least positive intentions of going to class and attempting to do the work. The other assumes you are trying to get out of as much as possible.
Majoring in Headassery with a minor in dumbassery.
Magna cum Laude ;)
Yeah I was wondering the same thing. I graduated in 2007, but we used to receive old exams from the profs themselves.
Online assignment submission means the Prof retains the content indefinitely. I can go back &gt;7 years and find an assignment that Joe Smith submitted for my 2011 Biology 201 class. Also, we can take the material recently uploaded to OneClass, CourseHero, etc and then run it through TurnitIn.com to see where the material originated from. A 100% content match will then earn you a conversation with the Associate Dean.
Except the difference here is we're not making a damn book copy, we're portions of it and making it our own.  Not sure where you're going with that.
Thats what you did wrong mate.
You must be in a different country, cause once any person creates an original piece of content here they are automatically the copyright holder and only they can decide how it is further used. Distributing a copy does not give permission for someone to gain profit from it. Adding answers to a document designed to accept answers hardly constitutes co-authoring by any stretch. Ask your colleagues.
You might not consider it cheating, but if you're in the US and the school hasn't stated that such actions are permitted (or been exceedingly implicit about it), THEY'RE going to disagree that it's cheating, and their opinion is what matters in this case, not yours.
I agree that's what they should do, but not all universities do, and many will pursue cheating and copyright infringement claims vigorously.   It's not about what you or I think is right or reasonable, it's about what they do.
I think the profit aspect of this is the only thing I would have a problem with. When I write an exam my students can look but not keep. It is easier and helps to make things absolutely clear that it is not ok to distribute. But you are correct, I am not American.
Yes, that was kinda what saved me. They realized I wasn’t acting in bad faith
I'd probably still use TOR and a VPN at least.
I personally don't believe you did anything wrong  ¯\\\_(.\_.)_/¯
&gt; A test you take is not copyrighted or otherwise claimed. Cheating is not illegal in most cases.

You said this before, and I'll state again that it is, indeed, copyrighted.  If you take the test and distribute it to others without permission as OP did, you are in violation of intellectual property laws, which have real legal consequences you can find yourself in.  You don't have to like it or agree with it, that's the law.

Now, if you derive data from it in such a way that it is significantly different, you may certainly avoid a copyright claim.  However, if you were using last year's test which was NOT distributed, made a cheat sheet regarding it, and sent it around to other students via say your University's email system, and got caught....  It would be exceedingly likely your college would find you in violation of their academic dishonesty policy (again, Google if you like, there are tons available online for you to see they're real and common), and would face failing the class or expulsion.  Again, you don't have to like it or agree with it, but if you were a student, you would have to abide by it.
I've heard there are quite a few ways to mask it and get away with it. 

On a related note, if you're making a moral argument that you think it's morally wrong to defraud banks, it's also morally wrong to hand out loans like candy to anyone who applies, knowing full well that they likely can't feasibly ever pay it back in full in a proper manner and will be saddled/trapped with said debt and a ridiculous amount of interest, as well as not allow them to default on said debt.
[deleted]
Wooooah! So glad you had a good enough standing to be given a second chance for a terrible mistake. At least you learned your lesson and get to still move forward with your life... About your parents disowning you, man I am bummed just thinking about my family disowning me and losing my education... So glad you didn't have to suffer like that, no one should. Second chances are what makes being human doable, make sure not to forget that one day when someone needs a second chance from you. 

Best of luck and keep on keepin on.
[deleted]
...didn't think you were doing anything wrong by uploading exam content for money? I mean you may not be from the US but isn't that kind of illegal in most places?
Did that in my home country in high school, I even asked the teacher and they had no problem what so ever.

Just made the mistake to assume it would be the same.
I don't understand. Why or how is this bad or punishable? If they are not essays that can be copied people have to take the exam and those only serve to study, not to cheat. Also, did they make you take down your notes and study materials along with the exams?
You could just use a VPN and a fake name and you’d probably be ok tbh. As long as there nothing identifying on the documents or really specific work
I'm replying/making an argument for prospective third parties to this discussion, not just you. 

Just because something has been legislated and codified doesn't mean it's right. I'm not advising pulling some stupid stunt without research and thought, but I am saying act in your own self interest regardless of laws if you can get away with it.

We're still jailing people for illegal plant growing and rain collecting, a codified law doesn't make it just.
When I was at McMaster they made it very clear that the exams were not meant to be reproduced in any way shape or form. People were using illegal question banks as well.  If we saw an example exam it was 5+ years old.
I wonder what’s stopping me from typing out a fake test, filling it out and uploading it. As someone who graduated years ago I’ve got nothing to lose. Bet they need a student email though.
How about basic morals and ethical behavior?
But how did they find out you had done this? Your name just gives it away, but how did it come to the collages attention? Lucky break though!
Honestly the fact that you didn't hide your name probably helped you in the end. Kinda makes it obvious that you didn't think you were doing anything wrong.
Yeah, back when I was in college in the ´90s, most of my professors had old exams on file with the library.   The profs knew that all the Greek houses kept copies of the exams anyways, so they just leveled the playing field for everyone.
TIFU By uploading my old exams to the internet incorrectly. /s
Until the university pulls the scans of the finals they keep (it's my department's policy and the test services office does the leg work if professors ask iirc) and make the needed comparisions.
Lol, that's not how it works. You can't claim ownership of a single question in most cases. I can't make a test with 1+1 on it then claim ownership of using 1+1 as a test question and force everyone else to stop using it. Even if the question could be owned, that doesn't make it illegal to share it and the answers. If you buy a book you could go onto the subway and read it line for line and it would not be illegal despite someone owning the text and it being protected by IP laws.
Or don’t commit a fairly obvious act of academic dishonesty.  There is no legitimate reason anyone will pay you for exams, assignments, or your class notes.  If it seems too good to be true, it is.
Using notes to study is not morally wrong. 

Tests could be but it could easily be used to study for a different test.
[deleted]
I agree on the notes, but OP got burned for posting exams, not notes.
Very big headass...
Nah word would get out and no one would post to the sites.

I'm sure info remains confidential.
Who said anything about a single question.  Where are you people coming up with this stuff?  OP took the entire, exact test and uploaded it.  OP took copyrighted material and distributed it unlawfully.  You people are crazy with your ideas that somehow this is not IP theft.
Youre totally forgetting inflation. After 20 years its probably closer to 6000
Agreed, when I was young £1000 was an almost unfathomable amount of money, now I like to call it "rent".
Teachers being lazy and using the same tests over and over again and again. 

For Physics and Chem though it should be extremely easy to get a new problem for a new test. Use the same elements or mechanical system if you want, just change the damn numbers.
Honestly professors have their people 
I’ve heard some crazy shit 
They prob have a list of the usernames that post their content and then go from there sometimes the university will directly deal with it and find the publisher 
Some also care more than others
If I learn the material, pass the exam and pay the tuition fee, why should the university care whether I learned by going to class or by reading notes I found online? If I’m paying someone else to write my essays or do the work so I don’t have to use it, then yeah, that’s plagiarism. But if I want to pay some guy on the internet to provide a summary of the material instead of paying the author of a textbook what difference does it make?
The thing is he wasn't. Schools don't give the same test again. I almost always have had Ole exams to study from given but the professors.
This is the norm in my experience
The only teachers I've seen with policy like that are the ones who know that the real world wouldn't take kindly to their bullshit.
At my University it was actively advertised to all students that we had a student organization that maintained test files. You could go in and there were meticulously organized file cabinets with exams for almost every course. You might struggle to find an exam for a new or niche course, but pretty much everything was there.
Stay in school please as clandestine acts are not in your wheelhouse
Isn't that academic integrity though. 

If you fought them all the way you might have been in the news for being brave.
Is it not allowed for students to share notes or exam papers with each other? Or is it just not allowed to be uploaded onto a private website ? 

Like would it be allowed for a fraternity to create a database of resource material for their students?
I'm not bankrupt but $600 is $600
Of course they went after him/her.  They are their student that agreed to their rules. They have no enforcement mechanism over the website.  I can’t imagine not being told about academic honesty and integrity at some point.  This is especially stressed to international students.  Sometimes it pays to be in the room and not in your phone. This may be especially true when in orientation for something abroad that may not share the same norms or rules as something you are accustomed to. 

University: Stop hosting content that breaks our student code of conduct immediately.

Website: No.

University: Thank you, have a great day.
It had to have been other students at your university, someone snitched on you. Who else would be looking for those documents except students in need.
While as a general rule I would agree with that, my stats teacher was a notable exception to the rule, and he is one of the best teachers I've ever encountered in my life at any level, I hold him in an extremely regard. He didn't make those rules to be on a power trip, he did it because he honestly believed it worsened your quality of education, and he was extremely passionate about statistics and felt that understanding stats was incredibly important for people's lives and thwarting bad science. He only assigned hw from a textbook he published online for free and that you could get a hard copy of for ~15 bucks, unheard of in the US. He hand wrote all of his class notes in a deeply personalized and well thought out manner and printed them himself before each class (10-12 pages each). They were laid out in a very understandable and constructive way and used only real world examples (often about his life), and if you commented about them and ways he could improve them, you would see those changes the next class, the amount of time he must have spent on these was ridiculous, and very appreciated. He was a teacher where if you showed up to his class and paid attention, there was no way you would fail his class, no matter how bad you were at math, he was that good at explaining it. If you failed, it was your fault and your fault alone. He gave statistics behind his decisions and why he felt they would give you a better understanding, even when they did suck. He cared about his job, and it really showed in his work, his passion came through in his lectures. As someone with ADHD, it is very hard for me to remain focused, he was capable of holding even my attention with his engaging style. He was also the math department chair at the ripe old age of 30-something. If someone wanted to learn, I couldn't recommend him more highly. He was just exceptional, I wish I could go back and thank him again, as much as I didn't like some of his rules.
Except they often do, and he was regardless of if they do or not.
Man, why don't these students simply not use their normal email account to contact these essay mills? Just send the question/topic for the essay and be done with it, no names, no schools, hell, maybe not even a course name if the question is vague enough.
lmao headass
Or just wait until you've graduated.
When I was in school, the math department straight up sold old tests for like $30 at the print shop. Are they mad because OP cut into their payola scheme?
I think you're on to something here.
I'll be honest, I don't see at all what you did wrong.  Are they alleging a copyright violation?  Are they so lazy that they re-use exams?
By topics and subjects, do you mean exam questions?
It's a bad idea to teach a class you can't be bothered to write new questions for each semester.  

For every student who uploads them thinking they're doing nothing wrong, there are ten others selling them on a black market.
[deleted]
This TIFU shows the difference between wisdom and knowledge.
Well put.
Even if you think it won't get you in trouble with the school, it's always a good idea to cover up any personal information you put in the web.
Wait lmao, what now
The site could also be money oriented and gain more from institutional support than sales of said work. If they were solely for cheating purposes they wouldn't able to pay everyone for their papers
&gt; ofessors

I feel bad for ya.

I've cheated in just about every one of my college classes.. especially on exams. Fuck exams.

I thank you for your service brave soldier.
Yep
It's $917. If it had been 6000, my answer would be the same though: a lot of money at the time, but no way worth risking my future for.
IP and copywrite. He affectively published the old exams, which more than likely the uni holds copywrite on, this is not to do with cheating.
"It's morally wrong to steal, therefore it must be morally wrong to loan people money and expect them to return it"
&gt; Just because something has been legislated and codified doesn't mean it's right.

It is right. If you borrow money, then you return it. It is rightfully illegal and morally wrong not to.

&gt; I am saying act in your own self interest regardless of laws if you can get away with it.

"You should be a criminal if you can get away with" lol wtf
I'd consider it moreso akin to entrapment or lending money on false pretenses - the presumption that any degree is inherently worth the money spent and will proportionally/exponentially increase future wage gains. They are handed out like candy after all. Why is it that student loans are the only debt that you cannot declare bankruptcy on? 

Modern tuition/student loan systems are akin to debt traps, not unlike pay day loans. Do you consider pay day loans ethical?
Why is it that student loans are the only debt that you can't declare bankruptcy on? Do you consider pay day loans ethical? If you owe the bank ten thousand dollars, you're in trouble. But if you owe the bank 10 million dollars, the bank is in trouble. 

It was they that made the foolish decision, under the assumption of bailouts from the government which they really shouldn't be privy to. 

Optimally, the laws you are breaking don't inherently hurt others, but one should act in their own greater self interest because the government or other people sure as hell won't. The government serves the interest of lobbyists and bureaucrats, and the people serve themselves. You shouldn't operate under the assumption that anyone else other than you has your best interests at heart, within reason.

If you can stake out a living growing pot living out in the boonies and dodging taxes, I have no ethical quandaries with it. It doesn't hurt me or anyone else, it doesn't infringe on property rights, etc
Banks are doing nothing wrong by lending people money. If you can't afford til pay back the money, then don't borrow it.
&gt; Why is it that student loans are the only debt that you can't declare bankruptcy on?

It isn't All debt can be forgiven, but you have to prove that you cannot maintain a minimum standard of living to do so, which is obviously easier when your debt is secured in your home and a foreclosure would make you homeless or if the debt is secured in car that you depend on for your job, and for student loan programs your monthly payment can be lowered to $0 if the loan is preventing you from maintaining a minimum standard of living.

&gt; Do you consider pay day loans ethical?

I don't consider any unsecured loans, except student loans, ethical, because there's too many stupid people who put a strain on themselves, their relatives and the financial system by taking on loans without a prepared repayment plan, which cannot be ensured without security in property.

&gt; It was they that made the foolish decision

The person who took on unsecured debt and is now struggling to repay is the one who made the dumbest choice, but it is obviously not in the interest of any institution to lose money, so in many cases it is foolish on their part too.

&gt; under the assumption of bailouts from the government which they really shouldn't be privy to

Nope. Payday lenders collapse when they can't collect. There is [only one](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.S._Bancorp) major bank offering payday loans. The last government bailout was during the global financial crisis, and without the bailout the U.S financial system would have collapsed, and tens of millions would have lost their homes and become unemployed.

It also looks like you're under the impression that the government just *gave* money to the failing banks. Nope. The banks *borrowed* money from the government, repaid it *with interest*. The bailout was profitable for the U.S government, and thus for the taxpayers, not to mention it saved the economy from total collapse.

&gt; The government serves the interest of lobbyists and bureaucrats

The government serves the interests they are elected to serve. Elected politicians vote for what they believe in, which is what they were elected to do. Lobbying is a central part of democracy. Every single time you are asking or demanding that the government do something, you are lobbying. You realise that outlawing lobbying would literally be revoking your freedom of speech, right? And you think the government serves the interests of bureaucrats? Do you know what a bureaucrat is? The government is made up of bureaucrats. Bureaucrats are the people administrating an organisation. The vast majority of people in the public sector are bureaucrats. Bureaucrats are the people implementing the policies enacted by elected officials.

&gt; You shouldn't operate under the assumption that anyone else other than you has your best interests at heart

Just because you're a selfish loner who doesn't understand society, doesn't mean your projection is correct.

&gt; If you can stake out a living growing pot living out in the boonies and dodging taxes

Cannabis is gradually being decriminalized, so if you want to go live your life in isolation just to grow weed, that's just sad.

&gt; I have no ethical quandaries with it

You appear to not have any ethical quandaries at all.

&gt; It doesn't hurt me or anyone else, it doesn't infringe on property rights

This is your follow up to claiming it's okay to not pay your debt, which does hurt others and it does infringe upon their property, it's literally stealing.
Because you agreed to the student code of conduct at the institution? 

Edit: I think the bigger problem tends to be with the tests and quizzes that get uploaded.
Sure, if it’s against the rules it’s against the rules - I just don’t see a particularly good argument for why it should be against the rules. 

And at my school the professors used to upload the tests from prior years so you could use them for practice anyway - doesn’t seem like this would be different in any meaningful sense.
I was moreso referencing that it is not at all unrealistic and should not be unexpected for someone to pack up and skip town on debt that can not be feasibly paid back, or to do anything in their power to weasel out of it via methods like fraud. 

Weed is being decriminalized, but you can bet your ass it's going to be heavily regulated and taxed.

I consider the problem of lobbying and beuracrats moreso an issue of the government having enough capacity and power to be valuable to be coopted and corrupted, rather than it being an issue with lobbying and beuracrats. Of course I understand both, but that doesn't mean I can't still voice my issues with it. 

The 2008 financial crisis was largely due to government programs from about a decade previous that inflated housing values, influencing large lending to low credit households to buy homes they could never reasonably afford within their own means on variable interest plans. 

It all came tumbling down after the defaulting on loans inevitably started and the domino effect began, and I'm sure something similar will happen given time with the absolutely massive tuition bubble. 

Households could have protefcted their assets by diversifying and not trusting the banks in the first place, which should not be propped up by the government or be "too big to fail" in the first place. The dollar is not exactly a reliable long term store of value anyway. Don't forget that the money paid back to the government for the bailout was largely composed of other federal money. 

My issues with the system in general come with the fact that I can't opt out of government instituted ponzi schemes like Social security. It literally costs me money to revoke my citizenship, and until one does so they'll still owe payments back to mother liberty and won't get compensation for the amount paid in.
If you owe the bank 10 thousand dollars, you're in trouble. If you owe the bank 10 million dollars, the bank is in trouble. 

It is a problem created at the hands of the banks to be offering loans that can't reasonably be repaid for the purposes of debt enslavement, and it is not at all unrealistic or unexpected for people to attempt weasel out of the debt via methods like fraud or simply skip town out of self interest. The alternative to paying is far more beneficial than committing to paying back something they were fooled into on false pretenses.

The sham people are fooled into believing these days by the universities and advisors is that degrees are inherently valuable and will always financially benefit you for acquiring one.
&gt; If you owe the bank 10 thousand dollars, you're in trouble. If you owe the bank 10 million dollars, the bank is in trouble.

You aren't even arguing a point by repeating this. It adds nothing.

&gt; It is a problem created at the hands of the banks to be offering loans that can't reasonably be repaid for the purposes of debt enslavement

"At the hands". Repaid for the purposes of debt enslavement". Stop using words you don't understand, you're not using them coherently.

There isn't any *problem*. If people succumb to debt and are forced to lower their living standards to repay the money they chose to borrow, that is their own problem. Don't borrow money you can't afford to pay back.

&gt; it is not at all unrealistic or unexpected for people to attempt weasel out of the debt via methods like fraud or simply skip town out of self interest

Stop defending criminals.

&gt; The alternative to paying is far more beneficial than committing to paying back something they were fooled into on false pretenses.

Fooled into? On false pretenses? You're choosing to borrow money. You're choosing to spend money you don't have. If you can't pay your debts, that is your own fault and no one elses.

&gt; The sham people are fooled into believing these days by the universities and advisors is that degrees are inherently valuable

hurr durr education is a sham. Good luck competeting for a job without qualifications. If you want to be in the unskilled labour force, there's always room for you at Burger King and Walmart.

Degrees are certificates of education. It is only as valuable as the education you're paying for. If you borrow money to study bullshit like liberal arts, you're a moron and you haven't gained any qualifications and will probably struggle to repay your debts, and that is entirely your own fault.

&gt; and will always financially benefit you for acquiring one.

It won't if you're getting a degree in a meaningless field and/or you're simply and unattractive job applicant. You can be a shithead no one wants to employ and still graduate.
No copyright marks?
That's totally not worth it for $5 a document
Only worth it if you're doing a bunch lol
Do you know how much of a bitch it is to scan in 120 documents, let alone 120 multi-page documents?

Imagine scanning each page of every test and notes for $5 each
.... Very simple if you have a self feed scanner lol probably get done in 5 minutes if it's one of the fast ones. Now if you're using a flatbed that sucks ass lol
My point exactly.
http://www.turnitin.com/
but dont use the uni's photocopier for this
True lol
&gt; Who said anything about a single question.

Uhhh, the guy who you responding to, he said "Telling someone the exact question on an exam isn't illegal.", and you replied "Sure it is." He even specifically that it's only legal if you're not selling it.

You're the crazy one thinking that simply telling someone a math question is violating IP law.
Better than the time I got put on probation for leaving a bad review for a professor on an "anonymous" reflection survey. I could not understand this professor in lectures and all assignments were outdated. Guess my VPN in Norway and taking the survey on a raspberry Pi didn't prevent them from finding out who I was.
Edit #1 RIP inbox
that’s fucking absurd, holy shit I’m sorry man.
It was professional criticism too. Something along the lines of " Professor is hard to understand due to the dialect and accent differences. Many off the classes resources are out of date or are at the end of their lifespan. Please consider revising this class before next semester." I refuse to take these surveys now and I cite this incident on every email I get.
That's shocking. I remember one of our professors getting bad reviews, and at an elective study session he went on a rant for ten minutes, including writing down all of his qualifications on the projector. It came to an end when someone stuck their hand up and said "if we were the ones who gave the bad reviews do you think we would have come to this voluntary session?" which shut him up.  

I'm almost sure that the bad reviews came from people at that session, but still....
What did they claim the reason was for putting you on probation? Hurting the professor's feelings??
Thing is, if you're on the receiving end of such surveys, it's often very easy to tell who wrote what by the content of the message. So make sure the content is vague, don't share specific anecdotes (sounds obvious but I've seen it happen), etc.

Not that this excuses what the professor did, mind you. That's completely fucking reprehensible.
Couldnt you like, get them in some trouble if you wanted to since they found it was you when was meant to be anonymous. Also them finding out it was you means maybe they used illegal methods...? Idk, Im just spitballin' here.
Holy shit, How is that even legal?
Was this in Holland?  I remmember an exact case like this.
At my university, they still do the surveys on paper and completely anonymous. The professor doesn’t even get to see them and just obtains the results later on.
"Had to have been that kid that keeps asking "what?" throughout my lectures.
[removed]
I took a training course at work, then got an "anonymous" feedback survey in my inbox. I noticed a TINY number lightly written on back in pencil. Yup, my number matched the cc. distribution list. Didn't fill out survey.
Seems pretty easy to figure out it was you. If everyone took the survey from an IP in the city of your uni, and you took it from another country, not too hard to narrow down.
How does that make any sense?
did you really have a vpn in norway and take it on a raspberry pi????? that’s fucking insane wtf
&gt;	if we were the ones who gave the bad reviews do you think we would have come to this voluntary session

not gonna lie i laughed lmao
It works only if everybody took the survey.
And if you track down everyone's IP and narrow it down to the student who is in Zimbabwe
If there survey was emailed, then often each recipient's link includes a custom code for tracking.
Can you explain this further?
The system registers each users IP address when they logged on to take the survey. If the others who took the survey were all taking it from a local IP address, and his was the only one that was not local, it wouldn’t be hard to narrow those answers down to him.
Damn, that's harsh. I remember a few years back the exact opposite happened at my school. We had a survey on a new teacher that everyone disliked and because of all of the bad reviews he actually got fired.
You only know that one person is using a different IP. How do you figure out which person is using it though?
Contrary to what they might tell you, they were most likely not anonymous
Then what's the point of using a VPN?
In that situation, none at all
Well he said he filled the form anonimously
I sometimes have to provide feedback on my boss, which was "anonymised" before being forwarded on to her.  I work in a team of 6 and until recently was the only other native English speaker - I can guarantee that she knows which my comments are.
Ouch. For us they just pass one to each during class, so that is pretty anonymous, I think.
Holy shit, we have mandatory "anonymous" surveys in our college about every professor, assistant and class. I write out my sincerest heart there. It is strictly stated that it's anonymous and the code is open-source. Never bothered to check it though.  
  
If they ever pointed out something I've written, I imagined I'd stick to my ground whatever the blow is. Some professors really are assholes and I have this one chance a semester to actually criticize their work. I'm not backing down, even if it was not anonymous, but then I would probably choose my words even more carefully.
And in reality, that's how it should work. Maybe with three strikes or something, but that's how stuff should work. Some people really are not for the place they're put at. And that's fine. It'd be better for everyone in the end.
I once filled a survey with a lot of personal fumes in there and regretted it the moment I clicked send. I think it was Calculus and I was so nervous about the staff not caring for my work repeatedly. Didn't get anything out of it though.
I would be surprised this isn't illegal, but at this point it's to be expected in the USA.
And often times that's considered invasion of privacy, unless it's stated that it's not anonymous. My college explicitly states that's it anonymous on multiple occasions through the survey and the survey's code is open-source.  
Otherwise they'd have a shitshow on their hands.
I don't believe they tracked you through a VPN. More likely that the link you used identified you. Or a cookie from a previous visit to one of their sites. Or the context of what you wrote.
&gt; i laughed lmao

C'mon man ...
&gt; Maybe with three strikes or something

You would have zero professors, then.
That is why I never filled in any of the comment boxes on surveys I've taken. They weren't mandatory though.
The thing that they make it seem as "anonymous" survey, when actually you are doing it from your account is sketchy by itself. I always review any professor and material for the course whenever i can, and if they suspended me bcs of that, you can bet i would sue the fuck out of them. Some ppl just cant take constructive criticism. Why would they put up a survey then i wonder.
sorry, i do feel a little bad but it was so unexpectedly funny :D

edit: oh.. sorry...
I had a similar situation during college. At the end of every semester we had to anonymously evaluate the professors and their class. My Modern Art History teacher was a very old lady that refused to use a computer and had printed slides from the early 90s, it was very hard to follow up with her class. I explained it as a professional criticism without mockery or any kind of disrespect. the following month on the final week of classes she had printed copys of the evaluations and demanded that every person to identify their respective evaluation, treatening to fail the entire class if we refused to do so. She went trough with her treats and my grades went from a 19 to a 9 (in Portugal we avaluate in a scale from 0 to 20, being 20 the best), some of my classmates went as low as a 1 since she basicly drop 10 points of our final evaluation. We had to bring this to the college principal and the class had to be evaluated by a different teacher ... I still ended up dropping from a 19 to a 17 and that was enough to drop my overall grades to a 18 and stopping to receive the scolarship I had earned
Damn. At my school those surveys could not be used against you AND any attempt for the professor to figure out who wrote it is met with (fake, limp wristed) punitive action.

Also was the survey a profanity laden vent paper or simply a critique? Because if it's the latter, that is just absurd. That is literally the point of those things.
Yup, that's exactly how they work. Everyone gets a unique URL. It's like sending a postcard all around the world with your return address written on it.
It is certainly not illegal.
This is why I never leave feedback on any "anonymous" survey that I wouldn't provide face to face.  My first instinct is to take the "brutally honest, scorched earth" approach, and it's very hard to fight sometimes.  This story makes it much easier.
my old boss nearly wouldn’t give me the reference I needed for a visa because he was annoyed at what I put on an anonymous survey. 

Best thing is it wasn’t even me who said it! The person doing the survey just said it was me because I was the only one in the team who left and could be blamed easily without defending myself.
I'd like to believe that most professors would do nothing against a student even if they could recognize them in such a survey (I recognized several students who said bad things about me (as a TA), but I would never act against them in any way -- they're entitled to their opinion even if I don't like it). But yep, best not risk it.
You certainly are
But like with serious stuff, like yearly reviews of their work.
Since when can a uni punish you for leaving a poor review? fucking ridiculous.
I think he's referring to

&gt;i laughed laugh my ass off
Doesn't matter. Chances are they emailed you the survey link, and chances are the link is unique to each person. So even if it's "anonymous", they know who wrote it from analytics.
"Their work," depending on the college, varies greatly and extends well beyond the classroom.  So, they may be a less-than-great teacher, but leads multiple grant-funded projects, participates widely in governance, and publishes frequently.  Most of the professors you have met undergo some sort of review, even tenured faculty.
Don’t know why you’re being downvoted. Nothing requires your employer to tell the truth to you, and even if they’re making employment decisions based on the survey, that’s allowed too because most employees are “at will” and can be fired for any reason, or no reason.
They found out because you were the only one to use VPN from the whole class :)
Ours were also written on paper. They were not given to the professors until after final grades were submitted to the university.
Every lol or lmao is supposed to have a comma before it, no? As in "I laughed, laughing my ass off at the fact that I laughed". Makes sense to me.
The last time I gave a really bad review of a professor, he died a few months later. He was only in his 50’s.
Why would you lie
Same here, but at the end of the semester the teacher chooses a student to help him and gives them a packet of blank surveys and then the professor leaves the room while surveys are done and put back into the folder. After everyone is done, student chosen takes the packet of surveys and turns them in somewhere and the professor can come back in.
I'm talking out of experience from my public college in an Eastern European corrupted country.  
And even with the above sentence, great students can come out of this god-forsaken place.  
It is regulated, but I don't think it's regulated enough. It's also kinda awkward when you find 5 different professors with the same surname.
Idk my proffs begged us for honest reviews and gave us many assurances of privacy, lack of consequences, and of their sincere gratitude.
The way it works is if a plurality of reviews are negative or share certain negatives you are expected to make those things better, which you have to unless you have full tenure (very few do). Even if you have full tenure you are still expected to but you might not.
The URL for the survey probably included some kind of unique identifier. Not illegal just immoral.
that is beyond fucked up!! I would love to see my legal options here because I'm sure this is not supposed to be happening, and being on probation does affect your life in a significant way.

Teachers can be the biggest fucking assholes out there. They are all too fucking proud of themselves
How can that happen in Norway? What university is that? Or do you mean a vpn located in Norway?
Even though it was anonymous, the software they used likely still tied it to your email. That's how the one at my uni works. Ethically, they shouldn't use that information in any punitive manner unless there was an extreme reason (i.e. threat of violence) because it leads to either students not responding or just giving feedback they think you want to hear which is not effective.
Research has consistently shown that students exhibit bias in their reviews toward female professors and underrepresented professors, as well as professors they feel are too "hard."  

In my experience, every professor I know receives multiple "negative" reviews because they enforce things like late policies, which are designed to treat every student fairly.
As someone who teaches at the college level, just a heads up that reviews like that are often not actually completely anonymous for the simple reason that by the end of the semester, I know my students' opinions, attitudes and writing styles. I think back to the reviews I wrote as an undergrad and am a little horrified to think they knew who I was.

Of course, a professor should never get access to their reviews until after grades have been submitted, and even if that weren't the case, I'd never ever hold a negative review against a student, even in the case that it wasn't constructive or fair. I'd like to think most professors feel the same way, but unfortunately there are some very fragile, immature egos in academia so I'm sure there are some professors who would pull shit if given the chance.

The only time there should be consequences are if a student writes a threat of physical harm to the professor or someone else in their review.
My man you have the Death Note
It's not even a little bit legal.
My university finally switched from paper to electronic for these surveys. Professors don't see the results until after the grades are in.
But he was under 10 vpns?!?!!
If they are giving lectures and teaching the rest doesn’t matter. That is what students are paying for and what their professors should be good at.

If you have people who can’t teach they shouldn’t be teaching.
I think you have some misconceptions about the college environment.  Student tuition pays only a very small portion of a professor's salary, and in many universities and colleges, a professor's responsibilities extend well beyond the classroom (as I have noted).  

That's why you have people who teach 2/2 loads (2 in the Fall and 2 in the Spring), and still work 50-60 hours a week on research and governance.  It's hard to say that "doesn't matter" when that increases the prestige of the university, increases grant funding, and generally allows for new knowledge to appear in the classroom.

Believe it or not, although students see the professors as the "face" of the university, most professors have classes as only a small percentage of their job.  That's just the way it is.  If you want to create a place of all professional teachers, then you basically lose most of your content knowledge/expertise.
Did you try to fight it considering it was supposed to be anonymous?

At my university you did instructor evals on paper while the professor left the room. A student would take them to an office to be dropped off. The comments were typed up so handwriting couldn’t be guessed and then sent to the professor after grades were done.
I understand all that but if you are teaching people you need employees in place who can teach.

This is like cell phone companies who have “tech support” that are actually salespeople. Sure they *can* do support, but as it isn’t a priority they do it poorly, when their customers need it done well.
You should really check out: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tautology_(language)
&gt; I understand all that but if you are teaching people you need employees in place who can teach.
&gt; 
&gt; 

The disturbing implications of your comparison of education to consumer culture aside, it sounds like you're asking for professors to all be versed in the same thing: education theory, at the expense of their content.  Every professor goes through some form of education training before they become a professor--that's why TAs and GAs exist.  

Of course, we can set aside the ideas of what makes a "bad" professor.  In my time, I usually hear "bad" in the context of upholding course policies and expecting students to take an active role in their own education.

Most of the time, truly "bad" professors are tossed without ceremony *if a large enough number of students complain over a short period of time.*  What I have noticed, though, is that what a student feels makes a "bad" professor and what professors and admins (professionals in the industry with many years of experience) makes a "bad" professor rarely overlap.
What you think schools exist in some magic world separate from consumer culture? You pay, you receive a service. Universities are no different.

I am advocating for people who need to teach to be *good at teaching*. 

A bad professor in this context is one who for whatever reason is ineffective at conveying information to students.

I had a prof who had been around for years and was well regarded by the admins. Doesn’t matter in the least what they thought, we were in a nearly exclusively English speaking city and he could barely speak English. His accent was so strong understanding every other word was a challenge.

I don’t give two fucks that the people with decades of experience think, *he was not effective at conveying information to me*.

Appealing to authority isn’t sufficient to make your argument, nor is you trying to distract by making this into some bizarre comment on consumer culture.
That's not what this is. What you're saying is that he's being redundant. That's not true because he's saying that he's laughing at the fact that he laughed. It would be no different if he had said "I was scared lmao", which is fine. We could expand out further to say something like "I can't believe I laughed at that, isn't that funny?". Talking about the past laughter while laughing at it. 

Even in the link you posted, while I don't think it's necessarily what he used, they aren't incorrect. You can use tautologies for emphasis. 

Edit: clicked the link again, someone deleted all the examples 4 minutes ago
Tracking link?
[removed]
When you're the only person they survey, it's pretty easy!
&gt; You pay, you receive a service. 

You pay to access a class.  That's it.  That's why you pay full price if you withdraw.  It's because you took a seat someone else could have received.

In your example, you complain about a professor's accent.  Did you bring this up to a dean?  Or the professor?  Did other students agree with you?  Did you decide, instead, (and I'm guessing he had an accent on his first day, too) to swap classes?  Did you appeal your grade?

In your example, you don't seem to realize that *you* had some control over your education.  You instead say, "professor was bad because he had an accent," while ignoring everything that could have been done to ameliorate/avoid the situation (assuming that you aren't one of very few students who have brought this up to an admin).
Every school I’ve ever gone to has done it this way. It never dawned on me some schools would be so sketchy about surveys they *want us to take*. What do they get out of asking and then punishing based on answers
A lot of them actually try to learn and improve. A professor who is not an eager learner is kind of weird, don't you think?
Welp, i sure made some harsh criticisms on my teacher surveys
That sounds illegal of course they know how much work it is for you to dispute it
[deleted]
It was the number one cited issue on our mid-term feedback. The other statistics sections weren’t available to switch into as they filled out on the first day when people performed a mass-exodus out.

Sure I have control, but ultimately the administrators left someone in place who could not fulfill the function he there for.

And yes, bud, that is how a service works. You pay for access, you gain access. The mission statements of these schools usually cite “educating the citizens and leaders of tomorrow” or some other trite bullshit.

They know what their purpose is, I’m not sure why you’re trying so hard to muddy the waters.
[deleted]
[deleted]
At some schools they don’t make the results of the surveys available until after the grades have been submitted. Honestly, this is hella punitive and wrong. If they don’t want honest feedback, why do they even bother asking?
*sput*
That's the thing though. If I were OP, I would have challenged it and refused to back down. After enough time, they would either have to explain how they know it's you or they would have to rescind their allegations and punishment.

Tracking the survey isn't illegal but punishing a student after misleading them with anonymity could still turn out to be a pretty successful civil lawsuit.
If the URL was specific to the student, it doesn't matter where it is submitted from. No VPN could get around that.
Idgaf if they know it was me. I Rip professors who were shit. I paid good money for classes and thats my only way "back" at the professor. Damn straight im calling it out.
Wait, was your review like super inappropriate? Or did you get in trouble for literally just giving a bad review?
So, you and a group of students apparently filled out evals that said: "please lose the accent," and you think everyone else is being unreasonable.  Got it.
I’m only assuming at this point but if he posted the link I would bet the ID variable isnt exactly obscured. If it was tied to his schools online portal and not a third party then I would bet it literally just attached his username to it.
I’m sad that guy deleted his comment. I wrote out an entire reply explaining how passing variables through a URL works.
My friend is a professor and says he doesn’t get his student feedback from a course until he is no longer teaching that group of students.
Same here. They also had someone type up the comments so they couldn't tell who said what based on handwriting alone.
You think it’s unreasonable that people want to be able to understand the prof...

I didn’t say lose the accent, they could also have removed him from a teaching position. If you can’t do your job well you shouldn’t be doing it.
In my experience professors are not exactly well-rounded people with good inter-personals skills.
none of those surveys are actually anonymous, and if a prof gets pissed and sues, upon discovery they can and will out you if possible

it's happened plenty of times, and then students can also get sued for defamation if they can't prove everything they said was/is true
did you leave any DNA on the survey?

then it's  not anonymous

and they can match handwriting
I know in the states, this is illegal (although the specifics vary by state), and taken very seriously. Student reviews are important, and even used in determining future salaries for those professors. 

In my state, the only situation in which someone can attempt to track down who wrote a review is if they included either death threats or intention to commit suicide. And even then, the professor is not informed.

Obviously Norway has their own version of these laws.
My inbox is plagued with a bunch of these 'university anonymous surveys'. They give you a unique code and password to put into do it.

Newsflash, morons: Having a unique code means you know exactly who did it therefore it isn't anonymous.

But I also have the same problem - teacher is from a foreign country and I cannot understand him due to his accent, material is outdated - but what can I even say without sounding racist or getting in trouble?
It is illegal if you went into it under the pretences that you would be anonymous.
Then what is an anonymous reflection survey for if it's only purpose is to garner positive reviews?
Links to take surveys will often contain tracker links. Look at the URL before going to a survey. The more random junk in the URL, the more likely there is a tracker.

If the address is just something like https://company.com/survey, then you're probably fine.
[deleted]
Lol if your opinion isn't positive then it's wrong ya big dummy!

/s
Wow that’s really shitty.

“I’m not a good teacher? No, I’m amazing- now whoever wrote this I’ll fail you because I’m such a good teacher.
All links are the same to every student it's like survey.com/schoolyear/semester/professor/class.
So, here's the thing.  I had a stats professor who had a very thick Mandarin accent.  And, like you, it was hard to understand him at all moments.  Even so, he was immensely qualified, and I understood this to be an opportunity to learn from an expert in the field.

So, did I fill out an eval criticizing him for something he couldn't control?  Nope.  And, this was a doc-level class, so dropping wasn't an option.

I arranged study groups with others in the class, I watched and rewatched his recorded lectures, did extra problems in the book to understand concepts, met with him during office hours, asked him for tutor recommendations, visiting with the tutor, and asked him any lingering questions after class.

I ended up with an A in the course.  I'm sure you availed yourself of all of those options, too, yes?
Post it anyways, im interested
These kinds of tactics used my colleges and professors should be illegal.
In an ideal world I'd encourage you. Lots of professors, especially at research institutions, don't take their teaching duties all that seriously, and they absolutely do deserve the criticism. That said, those survey things are often a bit of a black hole where nobody apart from the professors themselves (if that) will read the criticism. If they don't care about teaching because they want to do research, expect them to thoroughly ignore your complaints. So most of the time what you do is probably harmless. But it only takes one thin-skinned crazy fuck to cause serious problems in your academic career. So the risk-reward just isn't there, even though you're totally right.
I’m too lazy to retype the long version. Short and sweet is anything following the “?” In a URL is actually a variable. 

For example:

http://website.com/index.php?v1=123&amp;v2=abc

In this example v1 and v2 are the variable names and their associated values will be available to the server and client side scripting as a GET request. 

So if I were to generate unique identifiers and associate them to people in a database I could then add those IDs into the URL for the form allowing me to identify all respondents.
I think she felt threatened by having an entire class posting negative feedback in a college that suposably gave it a lot of credit. As an old laddy close to retirement I think she felt she could be fired and took a dramatic action without thinking about the consequences. If she took the feedback and asked for someone to create a Powerpoint or PDF presentation with her slides things would go down easily and in a Graphic Design college that wouldnt be a big issue for anyone to do it in a weekend. She must have panicked and felt that we would be scared and when we didnt comply with the treats she must have felt powerless and must have wanted her word to go trough till the end.


Anyway this tough me two valuable life lessons: Even tough you didnt do anything wrong you could still sufer consequences when its easier not to blame a single person. And that when people ask for feedback many times they are asking to hear positive things and arent ready for negative feedback and will take it personally
Nice!
Did you type in text comments that could have allowed him to deduce your identity?

Either way, leaving a bad review on what was advertised as an anonymous survey, and then getting probation for it, sounds like it is probably very much against school policy.
You can get in trouble for giving a professor a bad review?  At my college, they MAKE us fill out surveys, reviewing our class content, the professor, and TAs.
Maybe they don't want honest feedback (*"They trrk urr Academic freedom!"*) but have to provide some QA to get funded?
From personal experience (obviously can't say this is the same at every university, caveat emptor etc etc etc), the people who administer the survey and who might have a unique link are not the same as the professors/TAs reading the survey.
That doesn't mean they're all assholes, though. They're just people. I'm not exactly well-rounded and personable myself but that doesn't mean I'll throw a student under the bus just because there was a point of friction between us.

A corollary of "professors are awkward" is they may care about you even if they don't show it. You still want to protect yourself obviously, but you don't have to assume a professor is your enemy just because you had a problem with him/her.
&gt; it's often very easy to tell who wrote what by the content of the message.

I was in an English-taught program in Europe and was the only native speaker. So of course any of my written feedback would be easily tied to me, so I never gave any.
The dean of the school wants honest feedback about the teachers, the teachers do not because it shows their boss exactly what the students think of them.
On what grounds would it be illegal?
I hope you went all the way to the college board with that shit, that's inexcusable.
Uh... Lawyer the fuck up, tbh.
Yep, ours are done on paper and then typed by an administrator in order to prevent handwriting recognition. It also allows the department admins to read them and if they’re getting a ton of bad reviews assess their performance further.
All of the survey links are the same. No code to enter.
fully professional nothing bad
I’ve written pretty scathing reviews but nothing ever happened to these professors (I know because I go to a place that only has one professor for each course so you can’t avoid having them again if you continue with your program)
I'm not arguing the technical aspects, you're probably right on the money about that. It's beyond me why the dev didn't think to salt the return variable with a pseudorandom generator unless this was exactly their intention.
If that's their only proof then just deny....
Yeah, usually what I've heard is just HR reading them off or handing them over along with any decision derived from them (usually nothing). But I wouldn't put it past some universities to have them be unique and / or identifying.
As opposed to students who are not eager learners?
Lol..."We want your feedback but if its at all negative you will be put on probation" ....what a bunch of asshats.
It depends on what you wrote. Many people use ostensible anonymity to write racist slurs -- I have seen a Mexican friend's evaluations where a student said "you should be deported you **** **** etc". She knew who wrote it (probably), but didn't say anything to university. 

I'm sure they could have tracked it down if they wanted to.
&gt; If they don’t want honest feedback, why do they even bother asking?

You should see some of the shit students will write on those free-response questions. Sexist, racist, abusive, you name it, it's on there. If you're overweight or a woman or you have an accent, you're getting a lot of shitty comments that have nothing to do with your teaching or the course. I get some constructive criticism on my evaluations, but plenty that's not.
At my university I can see who responded and who didn't, but there's nothing on a given response identifying which student left it.

That being said, in small classes it's pretty easy to tell whose response is whose if they include some details or write more than a sentence.
I do this begging, but it usually doesn't help. "I didn't like that the class was at 8 AM" is not going to help me improve my teaching - I didn't like that either!
I never asked you what you would do, and I don’t really care. It’s totally irrelevant to the point I’m trying to make:

You can be the most qualified person in the world, if you cannot effectively convey information to people *you are not an effective teacher*.

To answer your question, no, doing what you did was not an option to me. While getting my education I was still needing to work full time to pay the bills and pay tuition. Spending a bunch of time to make up for the shortcomings of someone who shouldn’t be teaching is only really possible if you have that time to spend. And unless you know a way to add more hours to a day or survive on less than 5 hours of sleep a night kindly fuck right off.
[deleted]
Ahhh the professor you can't understand a fucking word of what they're saying. The best kind of professor. I had a math class with a professor that had the heaviest Spanish accent I've ever heard in my life and I was already terrible at math. Scraped by with that C tho.
70% of mine are stupid suggestions that I have to dismiss outright, like requests to talk more about current events or less reading.
OH LOOK WE GOT A BADASS OVER HERE

I have some bad news for you.

If a comment on one of those is deemed unprofessional or frivolous, they just get dismissed.

If you are an outlier bitching about a prof, your response will literally not be recorded.

And even if it is included, I would read your feedback and think you were a bit of a snot face. If you offered nothing constructive on my instruction, I would simply move on and read other feedback.

I would recommend a new approach.
&gt; Never bothered to check it though. 

You can't, since you can't guarantee that the open-source code you see is what's running on the server.

The safest way to do this (and the only way I know of that is reasonably verifiable and doesn't require trusting a third party) is printing survey codes, putting them in a physical bag, shaking it, and handing everyone one code at random.

The alternative is using a trusted third party (external vendor, the student body, ...) to run the survey, and trust them that they neither falsify the results nor violate the anonymity of the participants.

Keep in mind that a *good* university would be interested in maintaining the anonymity, even against malicious profs, if they want the feedback to be accurate.
&gt; I think she felt she could be fired 

The only appropriate course of action after her behavior would have been just that.
[deleted]
At my university, they pass one to each, then they have someone type out your writing so the professor can't figure out who you are based on handwriting. Also, the professor is never in the room while people take them. It seems pretty anonymous.
Nothing is truly anonymous. At work we do an annual survey that's masked, but it's broken down by group. 

If you're a good manager nothing should be particularly surprising in the survey results, likewise it shouldn't be surprising if 3 of your 4 reports are green across the board but your pissant is marking everything as bad
Yeah, the links often somewhat have to be this way, too. Even if the user is kept anonymous, the link needs to be unique to ensure that each student can only submit a response once (otherwise an upset student could spam negative responses).
Usually those surveys don't claim to be 100% anonymous, though. IIRC, the ones at my university said that the results weren't directly shared with the prof and that you were generally anonymous, but grievous offenses would be punished. Presumably things like blatant racism and threats. I submitted a few negative (but professional) reviews without issue.
This is why you have anonymous feedback. At my uni it's the student union that handles all the direct feedback from the students at the end of the course. It's a mix of "1-5" questions and text feedback. The reps from the student union can edit out potential insults and other non constructive criticism so that the teacher don't get harrased in any way. They also do a write up on everyone's comments and present them to the school board.
Everything on our whole system works with our student ID's as usernames. Even for the simplest things as seeing a schedule, you need to be logged in. And those logged in surveys are mandatory each semester. So good luck changing anything.
Yeah things like that are totally out of your control, but it's good general feedback to bring to the higher-ups to move forward the times.
Did you ever consider maybe they're not that stupid? If 70% of students have a suggestion on how you could improve your teaching style you should at least entertain the idea... You sound like some of my worst professors...
FYI smartass, I'm talking 50% of the students who actually leave suggestions. I get pretty awesome teaching reviews because I take my job seriously and am good at it. But every once in a while some student thinks they know what's best and tries to tell me how to teach. Those are the comments I dismiss.

Generally, the student does not know what's best for the course. My job is to teach about cultural diversity. We can discuss current events, but we need to do so by critically addressing texts written by actual social scientists. Not news articles. And complaints about the reading are usually just that: complaints.

I love the tendency for trolls on here to simply jump to the worst possible assumption about someone without any information. Gotta love Reddit.
"jump to the worst possible assumption about someone without any information." 

Um, I was going off the information in your comment: "70% of mine are stupid suggestions that I have to dismiss outright," which was apparently misleading, since you felt the need to clarify in your response. Sounds like I struck a nerve here. I was trying to have a discussion and maybe we could've both learned something. But no, you don't need to hear "stupid suggestions" from your students, especially not ones that have already taken your course. They don't know the best way for them to learn, you do. I'm glad to hear you're such an amazing teacher, I hope your evaluations continue to reflect that.
Lol you trying to act like the big man in this situation is truly rich...
What the hell. In my university the process of evaluation is centralized and professors don't have any power on it, they receive a summary of the results and a list of the comments (that you would've to be stupid enough to include something to identify yourself, and anyway they receive after the course is finished anyway). In what medieval university you go, it wasn't even a insult
Are you kidding? All I'm saying is maybe, just maybe, you should listen to your students when they have suggestions for you, and if you have so many suggestions in the first place maybe you could stand to make a couple changes. I pointed that out politely and you responded by calling me a smartass, so shut the fuck up about "the bigger man." What's really rich is me expecting someone who studies "cultural diversity" to have any critical thinking skills whatsoever or the ability to have a conversation without getting offended. At first I thought you might be a bad teacher, but based on the way you've responded here I'm now absolutely sure of it. I'm just glad I'll never have to take a bullshit class like yours again, and I genuinely feel sorry for your future students. I hope someone someday can get through to you, because you've already decided that I won't.
Maybe just maybe the issue is that you're a self righteous smartass and your feedback is idiotically irrelevant? Hmmm novel concept isn't it... you might be the problem.
My feedback is idiotically irrelevant because...? Because you say so? Cool. 
Go ahead, keep ignoring your students, they love that.
Because you have not seen my evaluations, attended my course, and are not knowledgeable about higher education practices and pedagogy. Very simple. You are a stranger on the internet stuck on a high horse.
Well, I'm a student, so I don't know much but I've had plenty of experience with bad professors. I just hope they didn't dismiss my evaluations (which would've included criticisms and suggestions, much to your dismay) like you would have.
It is pretty apparent you are a student, because quite frankly right now you are acting like one of the worst possible kinds of undergraduate student. You fail to carefully read what I have said multiple times, and are choosing to extrapolate ridiculous things with no evidence. So, let me break this down for you, step by step, since you would rather launch into a tirade and then complain childlishly about not being taken seriously.

Note that I pointed out that many of the comments I receive are irrelevant. For example, one of the comments I got on a recent evaluation told me that I should cut out a unit on environmental issues. That literally is not even an option, so it is impossible to take that student's feedback into account. The student simply did not like the unit or did not see it as directly applicable. That is the student's problem, not mine, for failing to see the importance of that course material.

Keep in mind as well that this was ONE STUDENT. And when you get comments like that all the time, that have nothing to do with each other, it adds up.

Now, most students don't even leave comments, or when they do leave comments, it's generally positive. So when I say 70%, I actually mean 70% of students who attempt to leave suggestions. Sadly, those suggestions are almost always poorly thought out, self-centered, or do not account for bureaucratic information the student couldn't know.

And finally, of course, most students leaving these types of comments are not actually open minded citizens engaging in the learning process, but they see my teaching as a service and choose to approach talking to me with the same kind of disdain you have shown. That doesn't fly in the professional world.

So THAT is why I say I dismiss most of the suggestions I get outright. And to be honest, until my teaching scores dip below a 4.7/5 average (I get almost entirely 5's and some 4's every semester with over 90% response rates) I am going to keep ignoring those outliers.

Sorry if that offends you, little snowflake. What I would suggest is that you tone down your savior complex, keyboard warrior, and learn how to provide better feedback. Or step back and consider the real purpose and value of your education, not just your short-term satisfaction.
Got any other names you want to call me before we're done? How does that fly in the professional world? For the record, I now understand what you meant when you said, "70% of mine are stupid suggestions that I have to dismiss outright." It wasn't clear at first whether you were ignoring suggestions in general or just ignoring "irrelevant" ones. It makes a lot more sense with the context you just provided, so thank you. Congratulations, you won, and extra congratulations on your 4.7/5.
You're right, never thought about that.
ULPT: Try to write very formally, then run your comments through Google translate twice, into and from another language someone in your team speaks. What you'll end up with is something which lacks the fluidity of a native speaker, effectively anonymising your comments.
Assuming I'm not constructive, or professional in my review, then ya you're right. It's not like I didn't know ranting would be dismissed. You can  RIP someone a new asshole while maintaining your composure and being taken seriously. Also, depending on the student makes total sense too, the kid who didn't try shouldnt bitch for not getting an A. I do give it my best and some professors are complete garbage. This semester I have a professor who day 1 said a 60 exam avg is good and what he wants in the class. This professor wants to see his class represent slightly more than half understanding for everything he teaches. A professor should want 100% understanding but not need to adjusted the scale, or bump students to better grades.
It could still affect you on a subconscious level. Unless you only look at the results after you have finished the grading, and are never going to be grading the same student again.
Well, at least you can sell the paper about academic integrity? /s
Uploading it right now!
that would be the most hilarious FU to this all, if they emailed you for the documents and then found you had already uploaded them to the same site.
Even better: don't hand in the paper to your uni, instead give them the link where they can buy it.
I don't quite see what you did wrong. These were old tests so you weren't helping anyone cheat.
Most Universities hold IP to any work students create. I wouldnt be to sure that this work belongs to you.
FU-ception, except lowkey make it anonymous this time HAHAHAH
?????

????????

I have never, ever heard of this. If this was the case then surely startups would never happen.
"If you are a graduate research student

In general, students own the copyright in all materials generated in the course of their studies, including their thesis and the research data, except for the following three situations:
    the university has made a specific contribution of funding/resources/facilities or apparatus AND you make or contribute to a patent worthy discovery or invention
    the student has been provided with background intellectual property owned by the university or their supervisor
    if the research is subject of an agreement between the university and a third party that deals with IP rights, for example a funding agreement that assigns all or some ownership of the research."    

I would say that first point is a stickler. If you use your unis synchrotron and develop cold fusion they are gonna want a part of that.  
But yes i may have exaggerated a little in the above case.  But OP is talking scholaship so i wonder if that counts as 'specific contribution of funding".
https://www.monash.edu/library/researchdata/guidelines/ownership
Worth noting that this statement specifically applies to Australian graduate students. Even if OP was Australian, he's an undergraduate, i.e. he's not affiliated with any university research programs. Undergraduates normally aren't subject to these IP restrictions.

This statement (for graduate students) is just covering a special case of a normal employee/IP contract condition, namely that whilst grad students aren't employees, they typically work in a capacity similar to employees as part of a mixed student/employee research group, and so effectively it prohibits the situation where a research group (subject to employee IP restrictions) discovers something worth monetizing via university funding, then solely credits their grad student with the "discovery" thereby bypassing the IP law. The grad student can take full ownership and start a commercial spin-out where the other researchers are suddenly employees and wouldn't you know it they quickly discover *all this other super valuable stuff after leaving and absolutely not before they quit their university contracts.*

Summary:
I still don't get what did you do wrong?
I think you're on to something here.
I see it all the time.
I don’t know what to do with myself.
That is what students are paying for and what their professors should be good at.
That's not what this is.
It's not about what you or I think is right or reasonable, it's about what they do.
It's not like you were cheating, right?
No University wants a student like that.
I make a new exam every time.
I don't consider that cheating though.
And if the Professor wanted you to have it, they would give it to you.
The exam was not copyrighted.
Schools don't give the same test again.
I can't see how it is cheating though.
That's just the way it is.
only if they know it was you.
I can see the exam part, but not the notes part.
I paid good money for classes and thats my only way "back" at the professor.
I actually think this isn't that bad.
And even then, the professor is not informed.
The students got to keep the paper.
You can get in trouble for giving a professor a bad review?
I see no ethical reason to punish the student here.
You don't have to like it or agree with it, that's the law.
What I don't understand is why this was against the rules.
My University pays people to do just that.
I don't quite see what you did wrong.
When I write an exam my students can look but not keep.
Which is why I don't really get any of this.
Honestly, I don't even see it as plagiarism.
...didn't think you were doing anything wrong by uploading exam content for money?
I've cheated in just about every one of my college classes.. especially on exams.
I don't really understand what you DID do wrong.
You only know that one person is using a different IP.
That's how the one at my uni works.
Is it because they use the same exam every time so people could cheat?
Like it or not, that's how copyright law works here.
If the professor decides to just use the same test year in and out, isn't that on them?
You did not do anything wrong.
If professors don't put their work in every year, things will be on internet.
Well, I'm a student, so I don't know much but I've had plenty of experience with bad professors.
I had an instructor who used all test bank questions for exams.
I ended up with an A in the course.
&gt;  they should not recycle old exam questions 

I can't agree here.
How is uploading the test cheating?
People were using illegal question banks as well.
I think using an old version of a test or notes if very different than paying for an essay and then putting your name on it.
You can be expelled for cheating.
I have handed over old papers, exams, and notes to plenty of people as study material and no one cared.
Didn't get anything out of it though.
He got money for publishing his professors exams.
I'm not sure where you get that idea.
The thing is he wasn't.
Also, did they make you take down your notes and study materials along with the exams?
For us they just pass one to each during class, so that is pretty anonymous, I think.
The school I went to always had new exams different from past ones.
The best kind of professor.
This is why universities get sued.
So I can totally see why posting old exams would be an ethical violation.
The student "sued," and won, but can you tell me what he won?
At my university, they still do the surveys on paper and completely anonymous.
Also, the professor is never in the room while people take them.
What was there in notes and question papers that the college didn't want out.
Professors don't see the results until after the grades are in.
It's not like I didn't know ranting would be dismissed.
Lol, that's not how it works.
Cheating is not illegal in most cases.
So yeah, I agree with you.
OP got almost expelled for sharing old exams and class notes, not using essay mills, did you even read the post?
What does this have to do with student contracts?
Oh, I thought you were referring to the student in their post, not to those like OP.
Is it not allowed for students to share notes or exam papers with each other?
If I’m paying someone else to write my essays or do the work so I don’t have to use it, then yeah, that’s plagiarism.
Using notes to study is not morally wrong.
They are their student that agreed to their rules.
If they are not essays that can be copied people have to take the exam and those only serve to study, not to cheat.
Keep in mind as well that this was ONE STUDENT.
I Rip professors who were shit.
They don't know the best way for them to learn, you do.
I understand the tests part but why does his notes enable cheating?
It was supported by the professors.
Just because you don't believe it's the right thing to do doesn't mean the university was in the wrong.
It's the professor's fault if they reuse the same exam with no changes.
But every once in a while some student thinks they know what's best and tries to tell me how to teach.
And when you get comments like that all the time, that have nothing to do with each other, it adds up.
Tests could be but it could easily be used to study for a different test.
Generally, the student does not know what's best for the course.
I'll be honest, I don't see at all what you did wrong.
It might seem like it now, but it won't in time.
Did other students agree with you?
Are class notes worth the same as exams?
Not sure where you're going with that.
I completely agree that doing just that is the responsible and reasonable thing to do.
This is why you have anonymous feedback.
I don't think the banking system will be your friend in *any* case.
That being said, we are in today ***I*** fucked up.
That is literally the point of those things.
It had to have been other students at your university, someone snitched on you.
I do not even know what the integrity essay would achieve, but may be that.
Using an old version of a test, to me, is just a study material.
At the end of every semester we had to anonymously evaluate the professors and their class.
I guess there are some teachers not changing the topics every exam or something.
Professors shouldn't be reusing old exams, and if it's cheating to use old exams to study, they shouldn't be returning them in the first place.
Its easy, just you know, change up your tests.
What did they say you did wrong?
I'm sure they could have tracked it down if they wanted to.
I asked the professor to let me take the test early, but he said no.
They were old exams and shouldn't matter.
You pay to access a class.
At my college, they MAKE us fill out surveys, reviewing our class content, the professor, and TAs.
Even if the question could be owned, that doesn't make it illegal to share it and the answers.
People like that is why we can't have nice things.
I would argue that selling the material for profit is different from sharing it.
That doesn't even sound worth it.
The students even provided content (co-authored) by  answering questions.
He was responding TO  a comment about essay mills, not with a comment about essay mills.
I don't believe they tracked you through a VPN.
I also had professors that gave the whole class old exams (with answer keys) as a guide/practice test for the students.
As a student I might have been tempted, like you.
There's a difference between tests during class and finals for many.
I’m also in teaching so I personally don’t think the professor should be using the same exam year after year.
But even if they don't they may not want this to be public for many reasons.
It is rightfully illegal and morally wrong not to.
He can't do anything about it.
Telling someone the exact question on an exam isn't illegal.
The other assumes you are trying to get out of as much as possible.
They found out because you were the only one to use VPN from the whole class :)
I guess you should have waited until the school year was over though.
&gt; If they don’t want honest feedback, why do they even bother asking?
I have never, ever heard of this.
Giving out university study materials is selling someone else's intellectual property.
Doesn't seem that way to me.
No, this isn't why Universities get sued.
I have never had a college make me sign anything similar to that.
I mean you may not be from the US but isn't that kind of illegal in most places?
I had a similar situation during college.
Best thing is it wasn’t even me who said it!
And you want to argue about cheating?
You're right, never thought about that.
It is regulated, but I don't think it's regulated enough.
If they don’t want honest feedback, why do they even bother asking?
- I am not saying that the university did not come in heavy handed.
&gt; You pay, you receive a service.
The first part is 100% cheating and makes it seem like she probably wasn’t good at the subject.
I don’t think the banking system will be your friend in such a case.
How did they even find out it was you?
At my school we are allowed to keep some exams and they are used as study material all the time, I would’ve done the same thing you did TBH.
I could not understand this professor in lectures and all assignments were outdated.
I graduated in 2007, but we used to receive old exams from the profs themselves.
&gt; The university did everything within their rights, and it could have been much worse.
If you have any respect for your professors at all, then you will not do this.
&gt; Professors shouldn't be reusing old exams, 

... which is self-plagiarism, really.
I wouldnt be to sure that this work belongs to you.
I think the idea is basically to assume bad faith of the student.
Some professors really are assholes and I have this one chance a semester to actually criticize their work.
1) It's not cheating to view old exams, that's what's called "studying".
Your university monitors those sites.
He didn't get in trouble for the notes, he got in trouble for the exams.
It's a bad idea to teach a class you can't be bothered to write new questions for each semester.
&gt; as I thought I wasn’t doing anything wrong

So what exactly did you do wrong?
It's part of disability services, if you can't take notes for a class because of your disability they will pay someone else for their notes from the class.
It is only as valuable as the education you're paying for.
Better than the time I got put on probation for leaving a bad review for a professor on an "anonymous" reflection survey.
(and I'm glad it all worked out for you!)
That is the student's problem, not mine, for failing to see the importance of that course material.
