Original Response:
He says he doesn't like it.. I'm seeing him again tonight should I ask him about it or let it go and just see how everything else goes? He didnt last long last night so I'm hoping maybe if I blow him for a shorter amount of time he might last longer, I didnt get a chance really to feel him in me :(
That's pretty selfish of him if he doesn't want to go down on you. If he won't do it for you then best you don't do it for him. If it's that important to you then leave him. If not then best to talk to him about this and make your thoughts clear to him. If I was gonna give it a guess why he won't do it, perhaps he doesn't know how to or he sucks at it.
Thanks. I'll ask him about it first before deciding..
Yeah if you really are into this guy, communication is pretty important. I hope things work out for you.
I'm not sure how I feel yet as it's only been one time, I ddint want to jump the gun or anythingas maybe we could work something out if there's a legit reason for it..
[deleted]
Oh ok. Then just talk to him about it and see what he says. I hope things works out.
Thanks :)
So when I went down on girls despite them not blowing me then they're selfish? No. Come on, how can you think like that? IF people find it uncomfortable to go down on girls/boys because they're grossed out or otherwise is hardly selfish.  That view is pretty immature.
Yeah ok
If they are grossed out by that then what the hell are they having sex for? So how does that make sense?
&gt;If they are grossed out by 

This is not an argument. There are plenty of kinks people will not like and oral is one. You wanting to put people down due to thier preference does not make any sense.
&amp;#x200B;

\&gt; If he won't do it for you then best you don't do it for him. If it's that important to you then leave him 

&amp;#x200B;

The fact this is being upvoted just displays how immature this sub has gotten.. I don't like giving or receiving oral due to the exchange of bodily fluid going into my mouth. So I'm selfish. like WTF.
We're talking about a double standard here. If 2 people both don't like giving or receiving oral or it in't strictly necessary or whatever the reason, that's another story. But if one person expects to get oral but refuses to give it, that is selfish, by definition. No ome is shaming you for your preferences, we're shaming people who don't equally reciprocate and give no effort to try.
[deleted]
I'm not the person you were speaking to. I will tell you that I go down on my girl-friend and while a blow job was important to me  I decided having this girl in my life meant more to me then receiving blowjobs. I would not allow you to tell me she was being selfish. That's complete crap.

 You ARE describing men to be selfish when it's them recieving but not giving and saying they have no excuse. 

That's awefully shallow of you.

Summary:
If he won't do it for you then best you don't do it for him.
That's pretty selfish of him if he doesn't want to go down on you.
If it's that important to you then leave him.
I hope things work out for you.
