Original Response:
I’ve wanted to go to a sex club for a couple of years now, so when my fwb showed interest in going too we bit the bullet and went. 

It was honestly such an amazing experience. Me and my fwb didn’t do anything in the club, but being around and talking to people so open about sex was incredible. Over the last few months I’ve been exploring my sexuality and feeling guilty over it, but there was absolutely no guilt to be had over this situation. It was a club full of people appreciating the magic of sex and what it can make you feel, and it was a wholly positive environment. I walked around in my garter belt, heels, stockings and nothing else, and I felt so comfortable and sexy. 

If you’re ever considering going to a sex club, after a lot of thought and ensuring this is the right time for you, I would highly recommend it. I can’t wait to go again!
How do I get into these sex clubs?
You usually want to walk in the front door
Is there a list?
Generally not, it's not that kind of club. Worst case call ahead when it's early and see if anything special is going on or check their website
What do I look under for these.  Clubs
I'd start with Google and your home town. Sls and SDC may have some other parties and events
Swinger clubs
It depends. Some want SLS or local membership, others want you to pre-register for events, others have open doors. Some have combinations of these.
Make a profile on fetlife. Go to local munches. Become part of the community. 

Do not go in expecting to find a harem for yourself with dozens of people willing to please you; that's not how it works. The people in this community are sexual deviants(freaky sex is fucking great), but they're also people with lives, jobs and other interests outside of kinky fucking. Treat them as such and you'll go far.
Yeah don't do this shit if you want to have sex. FetLife is for voyeurs, not players and Swinging isn't BDSM, and BDSM isn't swinging. If you go to a swing club or the right parties there ARE people there willing to please and be pleased. People are there to fuck, period. 

In the BDSM world it is more about munches, watching a scene, and more social chatting, less playing. Swinging is generally the exact opposite. Some chatting maybe, and then it's time to get it in. If the sex is good, there may be a connection and desire to see each other again.

Summary:
How do I get into these sex clubs?
Generally not, it's not that kind of club.
I can’t wait to go again!
