Original Response:
Agent Orange wasn't poison gas though, and whether or not they knew the side effects is unknown.

Using it to kill vegetation is plausible enough.
plausible deniability, yup
The manufacture of Agent Orange was well aware of its horrific long lasting side effects on humans. Now it's being used on virtually everything we consume.
It's a herbicide... Shit don't grow if you put agent orange on it.
Dioxin is not being used on food. If it was, we'd see the birth defects all over the place.

The story of the [Times Beach Superfund site](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Times_Beach%2C_Missouri?wprov=sfla1) shows how seriously the EPA takes Agent Orange applied in the US. They bulldozed an entire town and spent the next 30 years incinerating the top 12 ft of soil.
Playing the devil's advocate:

How would Monsanto know about the effects of Agent Orange on humans ?

Herbicides are not tested on humans.

Spaying it wantonly across Vietnam is on the Government not Monsanto.
We we're there to gas the plants and shoot the people. We would NEVER switch those two around. Not a single plant recorded dead or wounded
&gt;we're going to win this war, not by killing you, but fucking over your  children with horrible birth defects. That'll show you that communism isn't the answer. Also we're going to pay aid to your children when they are born, because your economy can't support a high amount of people in need.

I think they'd just drop napalm on them mate.
Pretty sure the side effects were well-documented by the time they carpet bombed Laos and Battambang.
Tell that to my dad who literally got the VA to cover his cancer expenses because of exposure to Agent Orange
That shit melted foliage. Thinking it didn't have health effects would be naive beyond belief. Of course the entire Vietnam War was an exercise of naitivity, hubris, and ignorance.
They [knew](https://www.globalresearch.ca/vietnam-chemical-companies-us-authorities-knew-the-dangers-of-agent-orange/14720)
As stated before, [they knew](https://www.globalresearch.ca/vietnam-chemical-companies-us-authorities-knew-the-dangers-of-agent-orange/14720)
My dad's got cancer and Parkinson's from agent orange exposure and is considered 100% disabled. He also gets his medical expenses covered by the VA, as both diseases have been proven to come from exposure.

Sorry to hear about your dad, but I'm glad he got his cancer fees covered.
How would they not know?  Anything that's so highly toxic and effective at destroying plant cells is clearly going to have significant similar effects on human cells, as is now a grotesquely proven fact. The US government approved its use because they were well aware of its long lasting affects and they could play the plausible deniability card exactly as they have. And now the same government and herbicide manufacturer are soaking everything we consume with a commercialized version of it.
Our farmers use large amounts of this herbicide to quickly kill their entire crop before harvesting it and feeding it to us. Where is there a difference beyond the fact that the Vietnamese didn't have a choice whereas we willingly allow it to be done to us?
&gt; And now the same government and herbicide manufacturer are soaking everything we consume with a commercialized version of it.

First off, Roundup is not Agent Orange and not even chemically related to it, childish assertions that Roundup is commercialized Agent Orange only detract from your argument.

What Agent Orange studies were done on humans that would provide proof of your claims ?

Can you name ANY chemical herbicide that can be sprayed on humans and not cause health problems ?

Summary:
Herbicides are not tested on humans.
The manufacture of Agent Orange was well aware of its horrific long lasting side effects on humans.
Playing the devil's advocate:

How would Monsanto know about the effects of Agent Orange on humans ?
And now the same government and herbicide manufacturer are soaking everything we consume with a commercialized version of it.
