Original Response:
This happened to me last night, and I really just have to rant about it because it pissed me off so much…

I rode back from Law School, around 10:30pm. I was riding in the middle lane of a 3 lane highway, doing the speed limit. There were no other cars around, and it felt great after 4 hours of classes to just cruise and focus on the road. 

Almost out of nowhere, I notice this guy in a truck is speeding in the right lane. He proceeds to slow down, matches my speed, and tosses his cigarette out the window at me (went right by my face, but didn't hit me). I can guarantee it was intentional. He then proceeded to cut me off in the middle lane, and speed away.

I’m a fairly new rider, and I just wanted to thank you for all of the previous posts about staying calm in these situations, and to not let anger allow you to do anything stupid. I thought of r/motorcycles, and my future career, and knew it was not worth it. My blood was boiling, and I really wanted to speed up to get to him. I just gave the guy the finger, and maintained a safe speed. 

Just know it’s never worth it, and always be the better person! Ride safe out there!

End Rant.

EDIT: Wow, I did not know people throwing stuff at riders happens so much. Thanks for those who share their stories/ gave constructive input! If you have any stories to share, I'd love to read them. This helped blow some steam off...
&gt;in the middle lane of a 3 lane highway, doing the speed limit

Get in the right lane, grandpa.
Haha I normally would, but even though the speed limit is 70mph, some people in Florida (real grandpas) drive like 40mph in the right lane, even some go waaay under the speed limit in the passing lane.
Thats perfect fine for cruising. OP was riding with no cars around either. Only far left lane is reserved for passing.
Gr8 b8
So? You said there was no one around. Get to the bloody right lane.
When someone merges on to the highway from the right is when there is a problem, especially how bad/ reckless drivers are in Florida. I like to stay in the center when I can possibly be seen better. If you think that the fact of someone being in the middle lane constitutes something getting thrown at them on a motorcycle, you're a fucking asshole.
You're missing the point. Stay on the right.
If you need to pass someone merging, you move in the middle lane and then go back on the right lane when done.

It's really not complicated.
&gt; When someone merges on to the highway from the right is when there is a problem

That’s when you have legit reason to move over. Once you pass them, you move back. 

&gt; I like to stay in the center when I can possibly be seen better. 

You’ll be seen worse in the center by someone merging in. Mirrors have a blind spot, the further away laterally, the bigger your chances of being in it. 


&gt;  If you think that the fact of someone being in the middle lane constitutes something getting thrown at them on a motorcycle, you're a fucking asshole.

Never said that. Yup the dude was in the wrong for throwing something at you. I hate when people throw their cigarette out even when it’s not aimed at me. That’s besides my point though, my point is that you should drive on the right.
Noted.
Thanks for the actual explaination. That actually makes a lot of sense, and I will try working on it, I just have had a few close calls with almost not being able to slow down enough when someone merges, and other drivers in the center (I live in a city, so it’s congested a lot of the time). Sorry, since the topic was about the cigarette, and not lane usage, I assumed you were trying to say it was ok.

Summary:
Get to the bloody right lane.
I was riding in the middle lane of a 3 lane highway, doing the speed limit.
If you think that the fact of someone being in the middle lane constitutes something getting thrown at them on a motorcycle, you're a fucking asshole.
&gt;  If you think that the fact of someone being in the middle lane constitutes something getting thrown at them on a motorcycle, you're a fucking asshole.
