Original Response:
So this is a bit of a weird question, but it comes from my over anxious mind, here's a "quick" resume

I have been bullied a lot in the passed and it made me quite self conscious 

To the point where im not sure whether people are lying or not when they call me "sexy" or things like that

But it has been worse with my recent Fuck Friend, he's the type of guy that has been with many girls and can get any girl he wants if he tries 

And he often says he finds me hot, but im somewhat thinking he doesnt think it and just Fucks me to help himself out (which i wouldn't mind, but im just questioning everything rn)

So, would you guys fuck a girl you dont find hot just to fuck?
Why do you care ? He's nothing but a good time.
Hes still an important friend for me, 

And i guess i would feel quite like shit if he was really just using me you know? Mostly while lying to my face
Ive been in pretty bad abusing relations in the past so..

All of this mixes up i guess
This is not a good choice for a fuck buddy then. These type of relationships only work if both of you are purely in it for sex. Once emotions get involved someone will be hurt. 

I personally think it's healthier (emotionally, but physically much riskier) to have sex with many strangers then commit yourself to one fuck   buddy for this reason. Emotions developing are inevitable.
Look, Im making things more complicated then they are and expressing myself badly, 

This is honestly not as much about him, than it is about me, and any relationship i could have

He is just the most recent "example" of where that kind of thoughts appeared
I understand. You'll have to change your perspective. Insecurity can make you question everything. You'll have to purposefully control your thoughts because you'll never enjoy the moment.
Thanks, ill try
If he makes you feel like you're unimportant to him, that's a sign that this sexual relationship is not a good idea.

&amp;#x200B;

If you make yourself feel like you're unimportant to him despite strong signs and demonstrations to the contrary, that's a sign that you're not currently ready for this kind of liaison with someone like that and you should focus on yourself for a bit and then possibly look at alternative forms of relationships to becoming "fuck friends" with someone of huge importance to you.
I dont know if you're the praying type. But try it. Also, get to know yourself, take walks, meditate, eat at restaurants alone, go to events by your self. It will help you find out what you want, what needs you have, and how to fulfill them.
I'm sorry hun but as fuck buddies, you're both "using" each other. It sounds harsh when you say it that way but the truth is you go to each other for sex, no strings attached. 

As for being attracted to you, I'm sure in some way he probably is. Not sure what you look like but being conventionally "pretty" isn't the only way to be attractive.
I know that in a certain degree he is, but hes honest about it

But i dont know how i would feel about him lying to me about finding me hot, hes still my friend so that would sting a little 
You get my point?
Are you saying you think questioning whether a guy is really into you is evidence of not being ready for a relationship? I did that. I wonder if that’s how my ex felt. He put a lot of effort into planning dates and calling me, etc. But he wasn’t caring about my orgasm.
Yeah I get your point but I wouldn't worry about it. I say take the compliment and believe him. At the very least he respects you enough to care about your self esteem. 

How do you feel about yourself? Do you think you're attractive? Do you think you're ugly?
Im aware that i can have a certain charm 
But physically, mostly naked i dont find myself appealing
Haha a certain charm, I like that. I bet. 

I also bet good money that you're overly critical of you're own body, as we all are. 

I've been with various shapes and sizes of women and honestly I've been very attracted to 99% of them. Really big girls and really tiny skinny girls. Seeing a woman naked in bed is a beautiful thing. 

Again, I'd advise you to just blindly believe he finds you attractive and don't think about it too much. Having charm matters way more anyway 😉
Thanks 😅

Summary:
Do you think you're attractive?
I dont know if you're the praying type.
Haha a certain charm, I like that.
Do you think you're ugly?
