Original Response:
So, after getting the uwell nanchaku with some amazing flavor from the tank. I read about mesh coils and tanks and ordered the freemax mesh pro. I am using the single hole coils forgot the ohms ratings. But I am not getting any flavor, just bland and a few burnt taste. 

I tried it both in the nanchaku and the innokin proton. I tried it up to the rated wattage but still no flavor. The airflow is fully open. 

What am I doing wrong?
the single coils aren't the bets for it. the double mesh and triple mesh are where it shines. but the short answer for the single coils is more watts and less air. those coils need more watts then the nunchaku needs
Ahh but the single coil is rated 40-70watts? So confused about needing more watts. 
I think it came with the single and the double, I will try the double.
are you using it in the 60-65 watt range? I'd suggets that range and closing off the air a little bit. the double was good in the 80-85 range. the nunchaku is good in the 40-50 range
yeah,  agreed with what anthony is saying here obviously,  did you prime the coils etc?  and obviously that tank is gonna want more wattage op....
huh...so first there was the whole fuss about the great flavour from mesh coils when they started to appear and now you you need double mesh or triple...when will the vicious circle end?
We must go down the rabbit hole more lmao
I blame myself for falling for the same trick over and over again.
There is no such thing as " better flavour"...it is just flavour...either you like it or not. 

It is like the best chocolate cake in the whole world that after eating the first slice you get an orgasm...but after eating it the whole week it becomes just a " cake".

But the whole vaping community falls for it over and over again.
There is definitely better flavor though but getting a little better flavor isnt always important to everyone. Some are happy with getting flavor they enjoy and the nicotine they need and leaving it at that which is good and helps saves money but there is definitely improvements in flavor for sure in some atomizers. I mean if you compare a dead rabbit to a mad dog its night and day difference but doesnt mean that everyone cares about the difference
I know, but what i meant is more the prism of time.

100w  bigger clouds better flavour
200w bigger clouds better flavour
cotton coils ...better flavour
kanthal coils ...better flavour
nickel coils...better flavour
mesh coils ... better flavour
......
and so on and on..
Like any hobby the longer it exists the more people learn the more technology improves the better it gets. It's like that in any industry.

Summary:
those coils need more watts then the nunchaku needs.
I tried it up to the rated wattage but still no flavor.
I am using the single hole coils forgot the ohms ratings.
