Original Response:
[removed]
So you are happy that your suicidal addict brother is now an arsonist who destroyed your childhood mementos because it means your bitter, vindictive parents are mad at him and once again talking to you.

When you spend too long in the monkey house you can't smell how shitty it is.
I just thought the irony was funny. 
I have a pretty dark sense of humor.
It's not humor its a coping mechanism for abuse.
This isn't irony or a dark sense of humour, it's a broken normal-meter. 

As a survivor of abuse who is on the other side and can now see the red flags, stop hiding behind humour and see this situation for what it really is. It's time to wake up.
Okay.
You seem like you just don't care.
Try to have some empathy here. It takes most people an extremely long time to process what's normal and what's not after growing up in an abusive family. And usually they have to be completely separated from their family to even accept that their situation wasn't normal. I'm sure OP cares, it's her life, but she needs someone IRL who loves her to sit down with her and talk to her with compassion.
[removed]
I do care. I just feel overwhelmed and exhausted.
Thanks. I think it's this. It's hard and I'm overwhelmed in some respects.
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
I understand, it's super overwhelming. It took me a really long time, a lot of bad things happening, and a lot of interacting with healthy people to get to realize what was and wasn't normal. When you start to open your eyes and you have to look back and take stock, the sheer volume of not-normal things you might have to confront is a lot to deal with. It really helps to talk to someone who's been there and can tell you that you are not crazy and that what's happening isn't right. /r/raisedbynarcissists helped me a lot(just reading the stories and understanding I wasn't alone). 

I read your comments here and on your other post and I get what you are going through. I am 32, my mom is aging, and I cut off contact with her. I'm not going to lie, the guilt is still almost constant. But I felt guilty all the time when she was in my life, at least the guilt now is a little less and not punctuated by the awful things she would say and do. It is lonely too. It's hard cutting ties with family, no matter what anyone says. Some people just do low contact. 

I think your husband's idea that you mentioned in the other post(letting them go to voicemail, managing contact on YOUR terms only) is a really great idea. It's not extreme at all. Your husband is suggesting this because he loves you, and probably because he sees how not-normal your relationship with your parents are.

Sorry for the long comment. I really relate to your situation and see myself in your comments, I even use my sense of humor to "cope"(not really) with these types of things. If you need someone to talk to, please feel free to PM me.
Thank you. We did do that whole screen voicemails thing and then there was the fire and all of that went out the window.
When you're confronted with so many responses about this type of thing, it's a lot and not everyone can manage a long and self-reflective response right away. Hopefully OP is taking this stuff to heart even if she doesn't seem responsive right now. If she really didn't want to hear any of this, she wouldn't have posted an update. Some part of her wants to get the same kind of responses she got on the other post. Everyone's journey is different, some people have a longer/harder path to heal.
That's good! Then you know you can do it. The fire was a one-off thing. You were doing something good for yourself and your husband, see if you can get back to that place.
[deleted]
It's her default mode. She's 33 years old. Realistically, do you think a few dozen reddit comments are going to undo literally three decades of programming to act a certain way? If it were that easy, therapists and support groups wouldn't be a thing. I haven't talked to my mom in almost 2 years and mentally I still catch myself making excuses for truly awful shit she did literally 10 years ago(that if anyone else did, they would be immediately dead to me). It's complicated and fucked up. OP is in therapy now and with time will probably get to where you're expecting her to be as soon as she reads these comments.

Again, if she had no interest in improving her life, she wouldn't have posted again(knowing the comments she'd get) and she wouldn't be in therapy. 

Showing someone compassion doesn't cost us anything.
[deleted]
That's fair, I understand why you think that. Hopefully a combination of compassionate and blunt comments will get through to OP. I sincerely want for all people in this situation to heal and move on, and I'm sure everyone commenting wants that too.

Summary:
It's not extreme at all.
I read your comments here and on your other post and I get what you are going through.
It's time to wake up.
Sorry for the long comment.
I understand, it's super overwhelming.
That's fair, I understand why you think that.
