Original Response:
Ahahaha holy fuck it's Mind Rack/XmetroidfanX and friends, though I'm not sure how that guy has any friends

Anybody got $3 to buy him some gold?
M E T A
[removed]
That guy is in like the holy trinity of bad pug commanders.
He completes the trinity, mind rack, jil adren, and kitty marks.
[removed]
I don't know that last one
kitty creates some bad (like really bad) benchmarks but isn't actually a terrible person in pugs tbh. 

edit: add TKman to the list instead lol
How much do we have to spend to get him a permanent ban?
Yea i wasn't saying shes a bad person just a commonly memed person.
[removed]
I’ve been clearing with a static too long, what’s the deal with Mindrack?

I must find him in LFG and experience this now.
Hey I'm in a guild with mind rack, he's hilarious lol
Jaunchox or w/e his name is, is pretty bad also. I think his warriors name is Amelie Amethyst or something, shitty player and even worse attitude.
That guy came into my VG run and did highest CLEAVE dps of 16k dps as a tempest and says he carried. He had the lowest boss DPS... 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
Yep can confirm. Had him on one of my CM pugs and acted like a complete jackass
Can confirm he’s a prick. Boasted about being able to dps better than any dps as a bs then left the group after no one praised him for his claims -.-
Oh wow I recognise that name. He's always pugging with that Mesmer friend of his.

Yeah can confirm he's a meh person
Oh wow I recognise that name. He's always pugging with that Mesmer friend of his.

Yeah can confirm he's a meh person
Can confirm he’s a prick. Boasted about being able to dps better than any dps as a bs then left the group after no one praised him for his claims -.-
Can confirm he’s a prick. Boasted about his dps on a bs then when no one praised him for it he left saying “gl without me, your loss” -.-
It seems like showing up to meta events and trolling is becoming more and more popular lately. Kind of sucks that a few dedicated people is all it takes to completely ruin an event for other people.
You have 2 minutes from the time one is burned to get yours to half hp, then you can burn it the next round. You cannot troll this event if people are playing it right. The only reason it can ever fail is because 90% of the people doing this meta are sitting afk drooling on their keyboards. If they got their thumbs out of their asses and did the event, no way any number of people could troll it.
I wasn't talking specifically about this event, just in general. And sometimes even if the trolling doesn't cause an event to fail entirely, it can still cause it to last longer than normal and frustrate people trying to do it properly. 

People afking and expecting to get carried is an issue too, but a separate one than the issue of people trolling events.
its the only issue, the only reason it failed is because other lanes weren't doing shit. These morons would whine in map chat and do nothing to contribute to the event.
Right... looking at these comments and the other comments you made on this thread I can see that talking to you will go nowhere. Have a nice life.
AFK are less of a problem than meta trollers.
So the people who fuck up are the ones that play the game casually in a map meta designed to be completed by a bunch of randoms without much coordination, and with time enough to do so, and not the ones who purposefully make the meta fail? Who fuck yourself, map metas aren't raids, if a new player gets in one and doesn't know what to do it shouldn't be a problem, people have the right to make mistakes and learn.
People AFKing are much more common than people just not knowing what to do.
So then what justifies telling a coordinated group to be coordinated enough to not kill something instantly?

Why does this event not turn into a learning experience of "maybe i should actually try for the meta event" instead of "fuck these guys they suck"
that's not how this works bud.

Summary:
Yeah can confirm he's a meh person.
Can confirm he’s a prick.
He's always pugging with that Mesmer friend of his.
You cannot troll this event if people are playing it right.
I don't know that last one.
