Original Response:
I swear those are the ones who pan out. I remember Karlsson's draft he was a "work in progress" and looked like a child.

[Look at this little man baby!](http://www2.pictures.gi.zimbio.com/Erik+Karlsson+2008+NHL+Entry+Draft+Round+One+rwc4xMlgX22l.jpg)
I think its cause he's super young to be drafted too if I recall. Like barely made the cutoff? 

Its the same with guys like Jeff Skinner who looked insanely young.
Kotka
Fingers crossed. Love his mole smile.
Ya he had to be one of the youngest in that draft.
He seems pretty physically mature for an 18 year old though even if his face looks young.
He's still slimmer than what he can be obviously. He has the potential to be a big skilled player. Like Kopitar.
I mean skinner never really grew out of that insanely young look though
Yeah where as Karlsson was literally like 5'10" and 150 pounds when he was drafted. Kotka is already big (can def fill out more tho) just with a baby face.
he looks like he should be playing a teenage high schooler on a Disney Channel show
Yeah he was the youngest player in the draft - his birthday is the day of the cutoff (Sept 15th - so he just turned 18 last week).
He's playing tonight on a line with Timashov. They're both undersized guys who has been underrated and I really hope they do well today.

SDA's main drawback is his skating so we basically have to hope Timashov and Mueller open up the ice for him. He'll need to work on skating a lot.
So who is SDA and I've ever heard of Timashov.
SDA is the guy this thread is about. It’s way easier to type than his actual name.
Jesus I couldn't even make the correlation
Yeah it's a long name to type out, I'm probably gonna add it to my phones auto correct lmao
Timashov is a prospect I've been excited for since draft day in 2015.

He was a 5th round pick who's undersized but a smooth skater and some great offensive talent. Kinda like a diamond in the rough but he's still in the rough at age 21. The good news is that he's improved a lot over the last year.
[deleted]
He looks like a totally different person

Literally two puberties

I guess I was kinda like that. Got hair on my balls at 14 or so. Was steady for a bit, then around 16-17 I grew 6 inches in about 8 months
NHL has a bad habit of taking young boys and turning them into pirates. I guess that’s the dream of any young kid: to be a sports star/pirate.
Denton See-ArugalaChinStrap

Summary:
Its the same with guys like Jeff Skinner who looked insanely young.
I remember Karlsson's draft he was a "work in progress" and looked like a child.
I mean skinner never really grew out of that insanely young look though.
He's playing tonight on a line with Timashov.
