Original Response:
My best friend (Terry) and I have known each other almost our entire lives.

We've been best friends through deaths, divorces and a million other life changing events. We’ve had countless wonderful memories and experiences together.

The situation:

I was married to my ex husband (Max) for about 13 years. In those 13 years, Terry, her husband (Bob) and Max were never really friends and we almost never socialized as couples. Terry and I would always just do girls only lunches and activities on our own without our spouses.

Sometime around my divorce (8 years ago) Terry’s husband became friends with Max. It upset me - I lost my cool at the time - but ultimately accepted that it was none of my business.

I have recently learned that Terry is now joining her husband in socializing with my ex and his new wife. The first time it happened, Terry immediately called to tell me they all went out and she didn’t want me to have to hear about it from someone else. (Clearly, she knew it would strike a nerve with me, hence the ‘heads up’ call…)

Terry explained that the only reason she went along was to “meet the woman who helped break up your marriage” and maybe "understand why Max would leave" me for her. She assured me that it was a one-time-thing and her curiosity was satisfied: New wife “wasn’t much fun to be around, anyway.”

Obviously, this upset me - as I have no desire to understand their relationship at this point and I don't think it's her business either. The divorce was so nasty and painful that it drove me to attempt suicide a few years ago.  But also, I just assumed that she understood that it would best to leave it alone and maybe hang out with any of the OTHER 7 billion people on this planet.

When she told me about their outing, it took everything I had to keep calm. BUT, without so much as raising my voice, I simply asked if she had thought about how she would feel if I had done what she did...and then I went silent… She was quiet - then very apologetic. I barely spoke after that. Though I *wanted* to scream at her about what I saw as a betrayal, I didn’t. She knew I was deeply hurt and I felt like that was enough.

(As an aside, I moved away a couple of years ago, I only see Terry once or twice a year… We did keep in very regular contact until I heard about their first double date.)

A few weeks ago, I found out that Terry, Bob, Max and his new wife have continued to socialize together. Terry was at Max’s house when our daughter (Camille, 19/F) was home from college. Camille came to stay with me a few weeks later. It took her a couple of weeks for her to tell me - she knew it would break my heart — but she thought I had the right to know. (Terry knows everything about me and Camille was concerned that she might break trust and share personal things I’ve told her in confidence over the years.)

Camille’s words: “Mom, you have to be careful what you say around Terry now. She’s started to hang out with Dad and his wife and I have no idea if you can trust her anymore. It’s really awkward - we barely made eye contact.” Terry definitely did NOT expect Camille to be there. I’m not sure if she expected Camille to keep this a secret from me.

Yesterday was my birthday and Terry called to wish me a happy birthday and asked why I haven’t responded to her texts. (She wants us to go on a girls trip to celebrate our birthdays together and was pitching the idea via text.) Terry KNOWS it’s a rough day for me — Max left me on my birthday for his current wife. She knows I no longer celebrate and am perfectly fine not even acknowledging my birthday.

I'm really disappointed in myself: I lied to Terry on the phone. At first I pretended like I’ve been too busy to give the 'girls trip' texts a thoughtful reply. Then I stammered out some ridiculous excuse about how it’s hard to get time off work (total lie)… I could barely process the conversation - leaving it at ‘I’ll let you knowwww…’ During our brief conversation, Terry repeatedly said things like “we’ve been best friends for too long...” and “you’re my oldest, dearest friend….”

She knows I was being evasive. She was scrambling to keep me on the phone…

Truth is, I am shook. I’m angry, heartbroken, exhausted…

…But I realize that I need to say something… I’m just not sure what. I feel like it would be really easy for me to say things I’d regret - things that could get back to Max and his wife. I don’t want to pick a fight, but this friendship feels like it's nothing more than a semi polite charade at this point.

What now, reddit? Am I wrong for being so upset about this? I want to handle this with grace and not look like an unstable jerk. But I also don’t want to let this go unanswered. I have no idea what comes next. What do I do…?



**TL;DR: Childhood best friend and her husband are now socializing (dinner, drinks, etc.) with my ex husband and his former mistress/now wife. They weren't friends before our divorce - she knows the pain he caused me... I'm shocked, angry...disappointed. Best friend is now trying to plan a "girls trip" outing - knows I'm being evasive. I have no idea if she realizes I found out. Not sure if I should quietly walk away from the friendship or try to salvage what's left. Or am I blowing this way out of proportion...?**
I think the bigger issue here is that if you feel this strongly about your divorce (as in, you still refuse to celebrate your birthday) eight years later, you should probably seek some therapy. I get why you’re hurt, I do, it’s a low blow, but I have some sympathy for Terry, too. Her best friend moved away. It’s really hard to make friends as an adult, so when you find people you click with, it’s hard to want to reject them over your friend’s 8-year-old grudge. It sucks to want to celebrate your birthday with your friend but they won’t because of something that happened nearly a decade ago. Girl, you gotta figure out a way to let go. Terry is kind of choosing herself over your friendship and she has every right to, though it certainly sucks to be on the other end of that. Look, people make mistakes, they lie, they commit adultery. You were so betrayed that you could never be friendly with your ex, of course, but other people won’t feel the same way. I think this is a very complex situation and if you handle it right, you don’t need to lose a friend. Honestly, find a therapist. You have a lot of strong emotions about this and you have things to lose, so it’s always helpful to have a professional to help you sort through everything.
I think you’ve really touched on something profound here. Your comment about not OP not being able to be friendly with her ex made me think of their daughter: she was, based on the age cited in the post, 11 when this happened. I agree that therapy is absolutely essential, particularly in light of how hard this whole situation must be for Camille.
What you've said is true. OP needs to get therapy to deal with the feelings the aftermath of the divorce has left her with. 

That said, Terry is allowed to choose herself over OP but then OP's free to do the same too. She's perfectly entitled to feel betrayed by her friend who is now socializing with the people who broke up her marriage. She's also perfectly entitled to end the relationship because it's obvious the other two couple are now close (the fact that OP's daughter saw them often during her stay with her father) and if the daughter thinks the friend can't be trusted, there must be something there.
Not to mention the daughter and OP are concerned that OP needs to be careful of what she says around Terry. I say they should trust their gut. If they feel like Terry can't be trusted, then why continue to be her friend?
Thanks for the thoughtful reply - I see where you're coming from -- lots to consider here.

I have been in therapy for the last 8 years -- both psychologists and psychiatrists - inpatient for depression here and there.  I *feel* like I've made a ton of progress since my suicide attempt 4 years ago.  I'm nowhere near as "broken" as I once was - but clearly, there is still a LOT of work to be done...  

That said, I don't know if I'll ever be completely free of the anger and resentment I feel.  After years of therapy, I decided that maybe the best thing I could do for myself was to move away physically and emotionally and just sort of *get on with it*.  My new friends here have never heard my "horrible divorce story" and it's been nice not having that define me as it had in the past.  I realize it's avoidance and a form of denial - but I think there is *some* merit to stoicism.

This whole situation stirred up a lot of stuff that I thought I'd never have to think about again.  I was caught completely off-guard on this.

Thanks again for the reply.  I'm going to weigh all of my options and get a lot of advice before I act on any of this.
You are really equating the pain of infidelity with poor Terry not having her best friend living in the same state?

You call OP's reaction to infidelity a grudge?  If it were a grudge she would be making her ex's life a living hell.  Instead, she found a new life elsewhere for her.  That doesn't mean the hurt disappears, however.

Adultery isn't a mistake.  Putting on two different earrings is a mistake.  Lying isn't a mistake - that takes planning.  OP is right to not want toxic people in her life.  That doesn't make her in need of therapy.
[removed]
I don't think I could ever forgive my dad if he cheated on my mom and left her on her birthday for another woman. Camille's dad is the reason for her suffering not her mom. 

Her mom showed a lot of emotional maturity by not asking for any details. I think it says a lot the Camille isn't really involved in the conflict but felt the need to warn her mother. Sounds like step mom and dad are assholes.
Good for you, keep at it. I agree there is some merit in stoicism, but maybe it’s time you clue your new friends in. One, for the support system, which you clearly need, and two, because sometimes when you keep things a secret, it gives them an importance and depth they don’t deserve. Lots of people get cheated on, not to diminish your pain at all but rather I think it’s a common enough experience that your friends won’t redefine who they think you are. Everyone has a painful story or two in their past, you don’t need to carry yours alone. 

ETA: also in this situation the best revenge is living well, so the more you dwell the more your ex wins.
You have a sad life in front of you if you don’t learn to forgive, friend.
My dad cheated and left my mom, birthday or not. He was still my dad and I still loved him even if it hurt my mother irreversibly. My mother cited that she didn't want their problem to be mine ( too late) so she never had mouthed him or influenced my relationship with him. I didn't learn the demons until I was older and could handle them.
I don't believe it possible to forgive someone who has no remorse or regret.

I am learning to let go.
Well that’s the thing, forgiveness isn’t about whether the person deserves it or not. It’s about freeing yourself from them.
Dunno, I have a productive and intensely happy life, but there are several things that I don't consider forgivable. Maybe you can only be happy like this, so if that's the solution you found, great for you!

For me there is a great difference between forgiving and accepting. You may not 'forgive' a person or an attitude, but 'accept' that is how the person is and how the world is, and move on with your life. To the point that you don't even remember that it happened unless something forces you to think specifically about the issue and you're like "oh, yeah, that happened."

The event is no longer part of your life and is no longer relevant to you, except perhaps as a lesson or information.
&gt;That said, I don't know if I'll ever be completely free of the anger and resentment I feel. 

Oh, yeah, you will. You WILL. Keep going, you will. You're in a bit of a rut? (IDK what the word should be here) therapy-wise. They happen. And what a great point for Terry to come in and inadvertently muck things up! /s Something will happen, and you'll turn another corner, and you will get closer to letting go of your anger. It will happen. You don't actually think that you're going to be carrying this around until you're 80, right? Effing EFF these people! Your birthday?? Ugh. You already moved and are much healthier. Huge step. I'm not a zen person whatsoever, but keep taking those steps to not giving AF. It's so much better on the other side. 

However, part of that healing? There's freaking Terry. She saw you through a suicide attempt? And still pulls this? No, you can be raw and pissed and broken about this fresh can of worms. I wouldn't give a fat rat's booty what an ex did with a partner. This, however, is different. Terry is actively hurting you, and knows she has been found out by your daughter. What a betrayal (autocorrect went for another "b" word!). 

I would confront her. Too many years here to ghost. Tell her you know. She needs to sit in her guilt. Then, bounce. And lovingly tell your daughter that you understand how hard that was to tell you, that you appreciate her seeing that continuing to be friends with Terry would be rife with pain. And buy the kid lunch. 

But it will get easier. I PROMISE.
Right, I agree that OP isn’t the asshole here. I definitely think she needs to do whatever she feels is right to move on from what was plainly a devastating loss. 

However, I think therapy should be an integral part of how she manages to move forward. My heart breaks for the 11 year old child who likely had very little guidance in how to process this huge life event.
Ah man. Google this. There is tons of literature about forgiveness that will explain it far better than I can. There are even some studies done about how it impacts your body. It’s very cool.

Summary:
I am learning to let go.
If they feel like Terry can't be trusted, then why continue to be her friend?
Terry is actively hurting you, and knows she has been found out by your daughter.
I think this is a very complex situation and if you handle it right, you don’t need to lose a friend.
Her best friend moved away.
It’s about freeing yourself from them.
But I also don’t want to let this go unanswered.
I say they should trust their gut.
OP is right to not want toxic people in her life.
The situation:

I was married to my ex husband (Max) for about 13 years.
I have no idea if she realizes I found out.
I have recently learned that Terry is now joining her husband in socializing with my ex and his new wife.
My best friend (Terry) and I have known each other almost our entire lives.
Right, I agree that OP isn’t the asshole here.
My dad cheated and left my mom, birthday or not.
A few weeks ago, I found out that Terry, Bob, Max and his new wife have continued to socialize together.
I agree there is some merit in stoicism, but maybe it’s time you clue your new friends in.
