Original Response:
It kind of bugs me how Joe gases up guys like Till and Ngannou then completely flips on them when they lose
Its almost as if he works for the UFC but downplays it by saying “They never make me say anything bro”
Or Edmund, who he was praising as a macho Armenian man and then was calling delusional for his comments.

You know, Ronda seemed pretty sensitive when she was coming back and allegedly keeping a list but Joe really behaved like a Hollywood friend. 

His tongue was so deep in her ass he could taste her stomach acid then, when she lost, he comes out of the woodwork and starts talking about how delusional some of the things said on the podcast (when he was in full sycophant mode and didn't say anything about it to her) were.
In joe's defence, at least he is able to admit he is wrong in retrospect when new evidence comes out. He just gets too hyped
it's literally his job to hype up the fights.  once it's over he's free to speak his mind
I don't recall him ever owning up to Rousey's trash boxing and how he said she has the best hands in female MMA
He also openly criticised the promotion for the fight being too Rhonda centric and ignoring Nunes as the champion.
dont have the skills to find the clip, but i do remeber bigbrown shitting on rhondas boxing and joe agreeing
Yeah, he hasn't straight up said how much of a dick he was, but he has pissed on her boxing and Edmund since.
He did the same thing with movement coaches. Spent months bigging it as the next big thing (funnily enough Schaub was completely on the other side), then Conor lost to Diaz and suddenly Joe flips to “guys should focus on their fundamentals instead of silly things like movement coaches”. It’s why I rarely listen to him anymore.
He did admit he was wrong about the “Rousey could beat half the UFC men her size” comments. 

————

Rogan walked back his statements about Rousey’s ability to dominate men in the UF, saying that he shouldn’t have joined in on the hype.

“I’m not happy that Ronda Rousey lost but in a way, it makes things easier because there was a bunch of f**kin’ people going, ‘Oh yeah, what about Ronda Rousey?” And I made the mistake saying - hyperbole. I’m the master of hyperbole, I exaggerate all the time - I was like, ‘She could probably beat half the men bantamweights in the UFC.’

“That’s definitely not true. I shouldn’t have said it at the time, now it’s definitely not true. She could beat a few that aren’t good outside the sport.”
You can do that without saying that Edmund is a liar or delusional. It is not an inherently anti-Ronda position.

There's a difference between saying that and saying that you sat and acted as a pal to some people while thinking they were full of shit the whole time and not giving any indication until they fell from grace.
Who wasn’t on the hype train, literally no body right?
thats not his job,especially not in his free time. Joe is just like that
Except he doesn't just hype them up at UFC events, he praises the continuosly on his own time and then apparently alwayd knew that they'd lose. It's like if r/MMA was represented by one person.
Right, but that's a very different comment. Not nearly as many people took the latter comment seriously.
Joe Rogan is for amusement, he is not to be taken seriously. Listen for the guests, he is a very good interviewer at times.
Yes it is, Joe is a master at casually being into things that are also coincidentally good for his career.  Some of it is deliberate, some not. Like how he always "happens" to love whatever project his interviewee is working on.
If he stays the same, he is accused of not owning up, if he changes his mind, he is accused of throwing people under the bus.



Can't win with some people, so don't even try.
&gt;  I’m the master of hyperbole, I exaggerate all the time

I love that.
[deleted]
Listening to the Joe Rogan Experience to experience Joe Rogan isn't a good idea
Tyron Woodley wasn’t
Stipe, Woodley. That is all.
It's almost like he invites people on that are doing something that interests him......
If true then it's exaggerated.
Callen picked stipe grinding out ngannou with wrestling and Joe and Brendan were incredulous
i know that joe cultivates this image of the ultimate free thinker and independent from outside influences but it's not 100% true.  He's stated before that he's a loyalty guy.  he's not about to shit all over a fighter in the weeks leading up to a fight.  I believe he did admit to the hype job of trying to make ronda vs bethe correia seem like a good fight.
I'll never forgive that pony tailed fuck for hijacking half of Condits JRE

Wasn't Ido but some other goofy little shit
I remember listening to that one and hearing Rogan ask about his credentials, he was like I grew up jumping around on rocks or some shit and I immediately turned it off. Haha.
Condit also hasn't won a fight since getting that guy in his camp.

I've decided it's all that dudes fault, and no evidence can convince me otherwise
Yeah, I don’t really find him talking out of his ass about literally everything amusing. Guys too smart to talk about things he’s super unedcuted in, he argued with Neil Degrasse Tyson about the moon landing being fake and gives Eddie Bravo’s moronic ass a platform to peddle his insane conspiracy theories, it’s just not cute anymore, dudes in his early 50s.
&gt;  he argued with Neil Degrasse Tyson about the moon landing being fake

To be fair to him, he was playing devils advocate during that one. By that point he no longer believed the landing to be fake.

Summary:
Joe is just like that.
He just gets too hyped.
I shouldn’t have said it at the time, now it’s definitely not true.
it's literally his job to hype up the fights.
Listening to the Joe Rogan Experience to experience Joe Rogan isn't a good idea.
He did the same thing with movement coaches.
