Original Response:
[removed]
Ugh, that was so gross of your coworker. Has he RSVPed yes to your wedding? I think the best thing you can do is email him and tell him that under the circumstances you feel it would be inappropriate for him to attend your wedding.

You cannot and should not stop going to work events; that could impact your career and chances of advancement. Your coworker's inappropriate and thoroughly unwelcome feelings are his problem, not yours. Talk to your fiancé about it, express that you don't want him to feel uncomfortable and you'd like to find a workable solution together. It's possible he won't care because he knows that your coworker's feelings are your coworker's problem.
He did rsvp. I’m telling my fiancé tonight and we will figure out what to do next together.  I have no issue with rescinding the invitation. It just makes me uncomfortable to share this with our mutual co-workers. I think perhaps a white lie (he has another obligation) might be the way to go.
Don't bring it up unless someone asks, and then say "oh, yeah, he was unable to come I guess?"
It's up to him to tell the co-workers why he's not there.  You don't need to make up excuses for him.
Did he even say why he felt the need to blurt this out suddenly? Did he think he might stop your wedding? 

If he makes you that uncomfortable, uninvite him and tell people the truth, he professed his love for you recently, making it feel inappropriate for him to be there. They probably all know, anyway. He's *so* not worth starting a whole web of lies over.
I’m gonna say, yes. Maybe he’s so infatuated to the point he feels he needs to say something to try to win her or he may regret. Also with his age he’s probably getting a little desperate too. I could be wrong tho.
He may have lacked some common sense, but I wouldn't describe what he did as gross. It's not as if he tried to kiss her or grabbed her ass. He said how he felt, the OP didn't return the sentiment, and perhaps both are mature enough to move on as colleagues only.
“He had a conflict.” Also has the benefit of being 100% true. 😉
No one is going to ask a bride at her wedding where a certain guest is! If someone isn't there they'll assume they couldn't make it.
&gt;Did he even say why he felt the need to blurt this out suddenly? Did he think he might stop your wedding? 

It might not have been 100% what he wanted, but I would be very surprised if he hadn't at least had a little hope that that was what would happen. The only reason I can think that someone would confess something like this is because at least part of him was hoping she'd admit to returning the feelings and decide to be with him instead of her fiancée.
Hopefully you can have a conversation with him where you say he now can’t come but if anyone asks you’re happy to say something came up last minute. I wouldn’t, personally, volunteer a reason in advance if you don’t have. But just prepare a story if asked eg, he could keep acting like he’s going at work and just not show up on the way.

But not sure if you can trust his ability to not vomit his feelings on to others at this point. Perhaps you can just tell HR to have it on record in case shit starts going wrong

Summary:
It's up to him to tell the co-workers why he's not there.
Did he think he might stop your wedding?
Did he even say why he felt the need to blurt this out suddenly?
I could be wrong tho.
