Original Response:
[deleted]
Let him fight Yoel at 185 seeing as that’s what he fights at.
&gt; Let him fight Yoel 

That wouldn't even last 10 seconds though
And it’d be the most entertaining 10 secs of my life.Id hope Yoel would put on a show and play with him to make it better.
I think watching Maia have his way with Logan on the ground would also be fun
For an athletic commission to sanction that would be a violation of the Geneva convention
Just smothers him with smooches the whole match
Logan always talks about how he was such a good wrestler I’d love to see how good his “high school wrestling” fairs
Are you allowed to kiss someone during a fight? Does a rule cover that..?
Id watch colby drag his nuts on logan pauls head
wait, he seriously wants to fight at 185?! Is he retarded?
They license Hunto after he has admitted cte symptoms. They sanction Bigfoot Silva after his career. They sanction Arlovski and Reem. They might as well be Slobadon Milosevic if we are talking human rights violations.
Oh my. It’s so evil but I need to see this.
[deleted]
It’d be great but Yoel better be told not to break a record for fastest ko ever though and draw it out.
I.would.pay.money.
Money....Id sacrifice my left nut.
He was nationally ranked... is actually pretty legit
Yeah not against Olympian’s though.
I know it’s not the same sport but Muhammed Ali got licensed for his fight with Larry Holmes even tho he couldn’t stand on one leg or touch the tip of his nose with one finger. Most of the time I just laugh when people say a commission would never sanction something.
What other weight class would he fight at? 

After apparently cutting weight he weighed 189 in his boxing match. Doesn't matter anyway, he'd get handled by journeymen in the UFC.
Imagine Logan takes him down and ground and pounds
Is he asking for a top 10 guy? I didnt read the article. I'm not saying he'd be a champ, but there are probably guys in the UFC that he would be effective grappling against. Top 5 in the state of Ohio is honestly a really high accolade.
I’m not American so don’t know a lot about high school wrestling but what I do know is he’ll  put his head in the wrong places for anyone to just choke him out.
Dana announcing ufc 230 Jon Jones vs Logan Paul.
Not the same sport, but the commission is the same, IIRC.
We are talking two different things... guys that are actually trained to fight... and a guy with zero pro fights (zero amateur fights) against a guy that puts world class athletes to sleep
I am saying that in either case the commission hasn't shown a regard for health and well being. However, your point on the differences is correct, I concede.

Summary:
What other weight class would he fight at?
It’s so evil but I need to see this.
For an athletic commission to sanction that would be a violation of the Geneva convention.
Is he asking for a top 10 guy?
