Original Response:
I’ve only known this guy for like two weeks and we decided to have casual sex and all of the sudden out of no where with out asking he dead ass tries to suffocate me??! After I pushed his hands away from my nose he moves them around my neck.. like I’m pretty kinky but honestly consent and communication is super important and I’m kinda shook and upset rn just needed to vent idk.-.
That guys an asshole, you're entitled to feel rage towards him.

Is there anything else that can help you vent that rage? Do you do martial arts or an aggressive form of dance or similar?

I'm guessing you don't want to try get him for assault and that's why I asked the questions I've asked
Assault for a damn blowjob?
Assault for trying to suffocate the OP. Read the original post, without consultation this guy tried to suffocate the OP and that is assault. It's nothing to do with the blow job.
Oh c'mon, be serious. He saw a porno, he tried to copy it, he's just an idiot. But if anyone brings up assault charges for that, then they're an even bigger one.

I slapped my girl's butt during doggy the other night. Should I turn myself in?
It's a different situation and you're getting defensive about something that wasn't even directed towards you. That you can't see the difference between strangulation and slapping your girlfriend's butt makes me slightly concerned for your girlfriend's wellbeing.

Real BDSM involves confirming that your sex partner is ok with you doing specific acts before doing them. Outside of that circumstance what the guy did is assault.

Anyway, bye. I'm not going to respond to any responses you might make to this.
Let me use your face for a bit and I promise you’ll agree with them by the end of it lol

Sometimes all it takes is experience when you lack empathy
Fuck it, I'll reply to you here too. Don't accuse people of lacking empathy when you don't have a clue.

To me bringing up assault charges for a damn inconvenience is an even bigger sign of lack of empathy.
Shove a dick down your throat and have your SO hold your nose so you can’t breathe and you start to choke, your eyes start to water, you start to panic and all you can think about is taking a breath. Then come back and tell us about the experience please.
It’s inconvenient to be groped or molested on a train and may not even physically hurt you but is still assault for a reason.

No different as if op and guy were cuddling and he just randomly cutoff her air supply or even just a stranger at a bar. Mighty inconvenient... but assault never tends to be. You see it as a small issue due to lack of empathy but I’m sure the examples you are like no shit that’s assault. Nothing is different with those other than the level of intimacy prior.

Lack of empathy doesn’t necessarily translate to devoid of it entirely. It can just mean you are lacking enough to not understand and you end up trivializing something as you just did being no more than an ‘inconvenience’

Hence the jk of exp for lack of emp.


But not all assault is the same given the context. Some can be forgiven and taught not to do again without escalating it too the legal system. It’s up to the discretion of the receiver in most cases barring the more extremes. Also some are kinda hard to give proof for. So in this scenario. Either cut ties with the guy or teach him not to do it because it is not cool.
Not saying it's cool. 

All I'm saying is if you press charges for that you're a dick.
It depends on the person. Not all the same. Doesn’t make them a dick. They could be a dick but that has a lot more to do with the motivation for why they would pursue legal action vs the fact of pursuing it in of itself.  Assault is assault whether public or private, stranger or lover, a big deal to you or not. You don’t get a high five for doing it and receiving it is not great either. Generally why there are consequences for it.

Sex is a finicky thing for this type of stuff. Though spreading awareness is always good and may lead to a resolution in the future as with most past issues. Gotta find that perfect balance. Going to far either way is just terrible.
Dude, I don't disagree, but be real. You get raped, report them. Someone punches you in the face, right there, textbook assault, call the police and everything.

If someone sticks a finger up your bum when you didn't expect it you don't press charges though, right? You break the fuck up, sure, but you don't go out of your way to get them.
There’s a really big difference with choking/suffocating. It’s seen as this harmless kink, but it really is not. And there’s a reason a lot of people in bdsm won’t do it. It’s *deadly.* and just as if you were laying down and someone decided it would be hot to hold a pillow over your face, it’s barely okay to do with someone’s consent. 
If he hadn’t respected her taking his hands away (looking past that he went to choking her after) she easily could have died, either through lack of air or through aspiration of fluids (when you’re panicking and trying to breath, it’s easy to aspirate). I mean, they had no safe gesture, they had nothing in the way of maintaining safety.

That is not the same as a misguided spank or anal penetration (which, fwiw are bad things to do when the other party doesn’t consent, they just don’t run the risk of death like breath okay does)
Dude, as I said, I don't disagree. I know it was a bad analogy, but it was just humor.

Do you think it's acceptable to press charges for that, though? Cause some lunatics here apparently think it is.
Someone holds a pillow over your face? Report them, right? 
Like suffocation is not the same as a spanking or an anal penetration! It’s legit deadly. 
(Also I’d argue its assault for someone to shove anything in a place you didn’t consent to them doing so, fwiw)
No, I was talking specifically about OP's case.
I think it’s a bit hyperbolic to say press charges just simply because that’s a lot of effort and difficult to prove. However, I definitely think it meets the requirements of assault and battery so I get the spirit of the argument.
Yes. And in OPs case it’s the exact same as if someone held a pillow over her face. Just because she consented to his dick in her mouth, doesn’t mean she consented to not breathing.
He tried a thing you didn’t like. So say “Hey, I’m not into any of that stuff right now. Ask first if there’s anything you want to try”.

It’s very simple, no need to make a federal case out of a guy making an ill-advised attempt.
Nope. It’s assault.
If he did the exact same thing, in the exact same way, only she happened to like it and want it to continue, would it still be assault?
No, he cut off her breathing without any provocation or discussion. There is a reason to make a federal case about this.

It isn’t her job to teach him about consent. If you didn’t pick up on it, she feels really upset by this interaction. She has every right to be upset about this. What he did was assault her in a potentially deadly way. 

Breath play isn’t some fly by night, I saw it in a porno and wanna try it! thing. It’s potentially *deadly*. And easily so. 

OP - I’m so sorry he did this to you. He sounds disgusting, and you have every right to be disturbed and upset.
If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?

If a man penetrates a woman after she says no, but she decides she is into it, did it stop being rape?
If someone punches someone else in the face, and they happen to like it and want to continue being punched, is it still assault?

Yes, it’s simply a crime that won’t be reported.
So, boxing? No, it's actually not a crime at all. It's a sanctioned event that the participants have agreed to.

&amp;#x200B;

How about this... a guy and a girl are making out. The girl, without asking, reaches down and grabs the guys dick. He likes it, and they keep going. Did she assault him? After all, she did not have consent.
Lol, boxing is 100% agreed upon beforehand.

There is always a debate about explicit vs implied consent. But a sexual act *outside of the norm* being performed without consent is always assault. If she liked it, she just won’t feel assaulted. If he does it to every woman he sleeps with, one of them will.
Not everything that we don't like is an assault. And if you plan to define what "the norm" is, especially when it comes to sexuality, good luck with that one.

Sometimes we can not like something, and tell someone that we don't like it, without it being a crime.
Agree to disagree that trying to choke someone without explicit consent in any scenario isn’t assault.

Good luck in your future sexcapades.

Summary:
Assault for trying to suffocate the OP.
If she liked it, she just won’t feel assaulted.
Not everything that we don't like is an assault.
He tried a thing you didn’t like.
Doesn’t make them a dick.
Agree to disagree that trying to choke someone without explicit consent in any scenario isn’t assault.
Someone holds a pillow over your face?
After all, she did not have consent.
And in OPs case it’s the exact same as if someone held a pillow over her face.
Outside of that circumstance what the guy did is assault.
Dude, I don't disagree, but be real.
No, I was talking specifically about OP's case.
