Original Response:
[deleted]
We have scripture’s silence with regards to any wife, which we would expect especially toward the end when he is dying. We also have the Tradition that he died a virgin. 

So yep. Jesus is celibate.
Not original scripture, Mary was Jesus’ wife in original texts
What textual variants do you have in mind? I’m not aware of any First or second century variants making that claim.
The Apocrypha
You mean apocryphal gospels?
Are you being semantical?
Not at all. I just want to understand your position. Are you saying there are hidden gospels more original than the canonical gospels that say Jesus married Mary? Which ones, then, and how do you know they’re more original?
The Gospel of Dan Brown.
Which ones are those as far as I am aware, the apocryphal gospel all were written after the canonical Gospels.
Are you trying to understand? Because you are downvoting everyone of my comments
Im talking about earlier than the KJV which most Christians read now and what most people reference when discussing scripture
I really want to know your position. But you’ve been vague about what texts you have in mind and evasive when I ask. I haven’t been downvoting you.
The KJV is an English translation. Before that people were reading other English translations, Luther’s bible, the vulgate, or other texts. But none of those say Jesus had a wife. The KJV does lack some apocryphal texts the Catholics and Orthodox use. But those are from the Old Testament and wouldn’t bring up a wife for Jesus.
For starters the gospel of phillip
I don't think you understand what you are talking about as all the Gospels are earlier than the KJV regardless if they are canonical or not. Can you give me something specific to look at?
I am saying the apocryphal books predate the KJV. Most Christians dont even know about those books. 

And obviously all the other books predate the KJV, but the moment the KJV was bound, a new book of texts was formed
Can you show me where the Gospel of Philip makes that claim? I know the gospel says Mary is close to Jesus and was given special insight into his teaching, but that doesn’t amount to her being his wife. 

Regardless the gospel is usually dated to 150 CE at the earliest and the latest of the canonical gospels, John, is usually dated as competed around 110 or so at the latest.
It's from the 3rd century which is well after all four of the canonical Gospels according to most religious and secular historians.
Yes they do. All of the books do not predate Jesus and talk about his life specifically
I'm interested. 

Where in The Apocrypha?
The origin of the word in the text is that she was Jesus’ “companion”
I literally said before the KJV which is what most Christians read now. Im not talking about its place in the timeline is regards to any other text but that one.

Geez you people really try your best not to read what Im saying
Gospel of Phillip
Yes, all of the Gospels predate the KJV. Canonical or apocryphal so I'm not sure why the KJV this is relevant. The canonical Gospels predate both the KJV and the ESV. What do you think about that? 

I guess I don't understand why you think the KJV is relevant. It wasn't relevant outside of the English speaking world at the time. The greek speaking Orthodox Christians didn't change their bibles once the KJV was published. And historians still have access to pre KJV texts.
K. Im gonna move on then
That doesn’t amount to wife though. There’s words for wife, if she’s his wife why not just say wife? This is an esoteric text meant to point to spiritual not historical realities. As the gospel itself says:

&gt; The Lord did everything in a mystery, a baptism and a chrism and a eucharist and a redemption and a bridal chamber. [...] he said, "I came to make the things below like the things above, and the things outside like those inside. I came to unite them in the place." [...] here through types [...]and images.

The only “gospel” I’m aware of that says Jesus has a wife is the so called “Gospel of Jesus’ Wife” which is a short fragment. It’s been proven a fraud.
There is a reason she was specifically picked out of the whole group and pointed out to be Jesus’ companion and not follower. Would you concede that?
Because you argument doesn't make sense. 

A and B both predate C. 

A predates B and C. 

Therefore B is more reliable than A and C? 

I don't get what you are trying to argue. The Apocryphal Gospels are older thsn the KJV and younger than the Canonical Gospels, what does that tell you?
Absolutely. This is a common trope in gnostic texts. A figure is singled out among the others to receive hidden knowledge that is then passed down in the text. That’s a dominant motif for Gnosticism: a hidden and esoteric knowledge about reality that can only be passed on through symbol and initiation.  

Judas is said in the Gospel of Judas to have such a set apart relationship. It doesn’t mean they’re married.
Ok. You arent reading to understand, you are reading to respond. I dont like thise kinds of conversation so like I said Im moving on 🤝
A companion is a match or pair. There is definitely language in the texts that imply they were in a relationship
Companion does not necessarily imply a sexual relationship. Since you made the claim the burden is on you to show that it does mean that.
κοινωνός  - koinonos - partner

Are you also accusing James and John of being sexy partners with Simon (Luke 5:10)?

Are you also accusing Paul of being sexy partners with Titus (2 Corinthians 8:23)?
I am working on the assumption that we all know what someones companion is. And if someone introduced a woman to you as their companion, you would know what that means.

If you are under the belief that you think that could mean 10 different things then i cant convince you
Sure
Based on what kind of contextual analysis?
Cool, but just to clarify so you don't mislead others, the Apocryphal Gospels were written long after the Canonical Gospels so in no ways is this 

&gt;Not original scripture, Mary was Jesus’ wife in original texts

Supported by a historical study of the manuscripts.
You still have to prove companion in this context means wife, also the gnostic gospels came way after the canonical gospels.
Cool bro
Dude a female companion only means one thing, anything else is spin to keep you from concede your point. So i dont think theres a middle for us to meet at
No, you have to prove that within the context of the Gospel of Phillip it means wife, secondly you have to prove Phillip is a reliable source, because it not, as you claimed, the original text but a much later book than the Canonical gospels we find translated in every New Testament copy everywhere. You seem to know nothing of the study of religious texts.
Ok
Does that mean you concede that Jesus died a virgin?
Happy to help.
Sure
Heh.
Great
/r/SuddenlyGay
Canon has nothing to do with the kjv. The canon was already estabilished in ancient hebrew and greek.

Summary:
I am saying the apocryphal books predate the KJV.
The canonical Gospels predate both the KJV and the ESV.
Yes, all of the Gospels predate the KJV.
Canon has nothing to do with the kjv.
Canonical or apocryphal so I'm not sure why the KJV this is relevant.
I don't think you understand what you are talking about as all the Gospels are earlier than the KJV regardless if they are canonical or not.
The KJV is an English translation.
A and B both predate C. 

A predates B and C. 

Therefore B is more reliable than A and C?
I literally said before the KJV which is what most Christians read now.
Are you saying there are hidden gospels more original than the canonical gospels that say Jesus married Mary?
