Original Response:
If trump really is going after comey, then good, but i'm wondering what exactly you think it's gonna change? what's "happening"?
Yeah, it seems like if something was actually procedurally deficient, they'd be doing something more active than declassifying.
[removed]
Then why not actually fire Mueller? Why not do something proactive?
[removed]
He can't do both at once?
[removed]
Again, why not just fire Mueller and use the documents as evidence? If the investigation is procedurally deficient, why let it keep going? So more Trump associates plead guilty?
[removed]
The Dem hit squad thing is such a joke, so many Republicans on the team, Mueller himself, Comey, etc, etc.  Like try to not be so blatant with your rampant partisanship.
So if its a witch-hunt how come Manafort had to take a plea deal? He didn't do anything wrong, right? I mean are you honestly willing to accept the possibility this is not a witch-hunt or are you determined to keep your mind set? My ego can handle being wrong-that maybe Trump and Co did NOTHING illegal or morally wrong regarding Russia. I think you need to ask yourself deep down if you can entertain the opposite possibility-that Trump and Co did collude with Russia in some way. Either way, time and facts will tell. Then there will either call it a witch-hunt/fake news OR admit Trump was guilty and treasonous (depending on the verdict)
Trump wouldn't need Mueller to do that, the DoJ is still a thing.
Manafort committed crimes. Zero related to Russia Collusion. And really nothing to do with the 2016 election whatsoever
[removed]
[removed]
9/11 was an inside job, Mueller is dirty like no tomorrow. What is happening is the truth being revealed actually damage the democrats so badly they need it silenced. Just like Trump, they don't skip a single opportunity to bash on him, and every bait Trump gives them they take it.

Buy popcorn and enjoy the movie.
Have you seen who's in charge of the DOJ? Trump should have fired Sessions a long time ago. He is useless.
[removed]
&gt; the deep state

Just checking, but you do know the military industrial complex is rather right leaning, yes?
It's not about right vs. left. It's about entrenched power vs. this loudmouth asshole with a knack for riling up the slaves. Damn trouble maker.
[removed]
So if what you say is true, how do you know what lies or truths to believe?
So just ignore that an actual conspiracy orchestrated by the Russians to place a puppet in the most powerful office on the planet is actively taking place, and instead think that the effort to remove said puppet is a conspiracy by the deep state. Okay. Because of course.
Trump could just replace sessions. He obviously has no qualms with replacing cabinet members, just replace Sessions with someone else.
So just replace Sessions. Trump can fire him any day of the week.
&gt;So just ignore that an actual conspiracy orchestrated by the Russians to place a puppet in the most powerful office on the planet

looooool, give it a rest guy.  from sanctions, to bombing Syria, to arming Ukraine, to letting Monte Negro join the UN, to the biggest war games buildup of US troops on Russian borders since ever, there is nothing favouring Russia in current US policy making.  Trump is a Zionist, his administration is Zionist, and the foreign entity they work on behalf of is Zionism.  this is how US Administrations always work, despite corporate media peddled diversions to the contrary.
Then release it all. Dont cherry pick what to release.
Okay so of course resort to the old tried and true zionist conspiracy. All I've seen so far is a lot of bluster and nothing to show for it besides a united states that is overall, a weaker worldwide power than it was 5 years ago. Why people think that the trump Russia thing is the be all end all is beyond me. They have been subverting us for almost a century. This is not the first or the last time that Russia will attempt either successfully or unsuccessfully to weaken us. When Romney was telling us we needed to watch out for Russia we laughed it off but we needed to listen. This is legitimate conspiracy and if it takes donald trump to finally draw attention to it then so be it.
[removed]
lol.  there is nothing in US policy making that reflects Russian subversion.  there is plenty to the contrary as my first response to you laid out.  Israel has been benefitting from a Zionist foreign policy establishment in America for decades.  it's not "conspiracy", it's brazen, blatant fact.  the think tanks that go on to form government and implement policy are openly Zionist, as is Trump and the people he is surrounded by like the Kushners, like Pompeo, Bolton, Wilbur Ross, on and on.  bombing Syria is a pro Israel move.  backing out of the Iran deal is a pro Israel move.  moving the US embassy to Jerusalem is a pro Israel move.  Flynn trying to convince Russia to shoot down UN Security Council Resolutions condemning Israel is a pro Israel move.  being a flagrant, open "we are going to support Israel 100%" Zionist as Trump is is a pro Israel move.  never ending war against Israel's enemies in the middle east is a pro Israel move.  the PNAC who wrote and kicked off the current set of plans for middle eastern regime change foreign policy still in effect to this day - 100% Zionist.  let me know when Russia gets their own PNAC, or ADL up and running, and starts using these channels to implement their own policies, and to put their operatives in to government, and to impose their censorship on all the corporate media, and internet monopolies like YouTube, Google, and all the rest, as has already been happening in the case of Israel for years and years.  enough already.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
A lot more people than Comey are going to be implicated.
1) Declassify

2) Fire

3) Charge criminally
Deep state hit squad's a better descriptor.
Bad optics.
You seriously believe all crimes can be tied to a political side? Never have you been so wrong..
Optics.

Trump will look very bad if he fires Mueller. By taking away all grounds for his investigation he effectively neuters the investigation so the end result is the same but without the bad optics of looking to interfere with justice.
That will happen in the long run. I don't doubt it.

The thing is, either the democrats are right and they'll keep making noise to get a full release, or they're not but they'll use the fact that it's not a full release to conceal their 'error'. They will hammer that fact and that will push Trump towards a full release.

Either way, we get a full release, unless democrats don't push for it. And when they don't push for it, it's because the full release supports Trumps side.
Right-leaning AND not really in favor of Trump. The MIC would rather have the US ramping up war in the MENA region, which is policy that doesn't go too well with the Trump crowd.
You have no evidence that Trump is a puppet. You just WANT to believe that.
That would still not get rid of bad optics. It's the exact thing that was done with Comey. Comey was fired and DoJ gave a good reason for it. The opponents of Trump still went with the narrative that it constituted obstruction of justice. They will definitely try and do the same for Mueller.

No, releasing the FISA docs, if they say what Nunes has told us they say, basically forces Mueller to throw out most of the evidence he could have because of 'fruit of the poisonous tree'. Trump can allow the investigation to go on forever, but the cases they'd bring will all be built on loose foundations and thus never lead to convictions. At that point, I think Mueller will resign himself, so no bad optics for Trump.
If he is riling up the slaves by lying, being obnoxious, seemingly ignorant of basic economics, grammar, short term memory and intellectual pursuits, I don't think the deep state cares.
Removed. Rule 10.
There's no reason steps 1 and 2 need to be separate.
&gt;Entrenched power

I'm not even gonna bother posting the image of him and the Clintons having a blast at a party, you know what it is I imagine. The man is a billionaire who's filled his cabinet with other billionaires and wall st. execs. He said Hillary suffered greatly for this country so that's why he broke his promise not to charge her for treason. Trump is absolutely 100% part of the deep state

&gt;"I give to everybody. When they call, I give. And you know what? When I need something from them - two years later, three years later - I call them, they are there for me. That's a broken system."

&gt;"I got to give to them, because when I want something, I get it. When I call, they kiss my ass. It's true. They kiss my ass."

&gt;“As a businessman and a very substantial donor to very important people, when you give, they do whatever the hell you want them to do,” Mr. Trump said. “As a businessman, I need that.”
It's not exactly good optics to have Trump associates keep pleading guilty either. I realize the crimes aren't collusion related, but at least some people are going to question the "hires the best people" nonsense.
Except if the investigation is procedurally deficient in some way, there's actual cause to end it.
&gt; It's not exactly good optics to have Trump associates keep pleading guilty either.

As long as the stuff they plead guilty to has nothing to do with Trump it's fine. Optics-wise it's nowhere near as bad as firing Comey was, and firing Mueller will be worse than firing Comey was (at least Comey was not really liked or painted as a saint by Trump's opponents).
Look at what the evidence shows. Some of the evidence is inconsistent with one of the narratives. Find the inconsistencies and you'll start to see the truth.
There was actual cause to fire Comey. Still didn't convince half of the US that the firing was justified, has it?

And in Mueller's case, it's even worse optically.
Lol if “they” didn’t want him to win “they” wouldn’t have let him. Why give him power to try and take it away later?
Why not? He was happy to launch some cruise mussels at Syria, and all but ready to jump balls deep into North Korea
Because Trump is an incompetent idiot. Other than that the MIC would love him
He has gone after basically every country (including allies) except for Russia what more could you ask to prove he is Putin’s Bitch? He Russian media laughs at the fact
And why hasn’t he done that then?
Personally, I prefer an incompetent idiot over a rabid warmonger like the last 4 presidents. But that's my personal preference of course.
You don't see the full picture.

First of all, he doesn't need to go after Russia. Congress is doing that for him.

Second, if you want to fight Russia you have to have a plan. Not only do they have nuclear capacity, they also have an oversized military and are relatively well-isolated from the world economy. No one in the US has a plan.

Third: Tariffs (and this is what you mean) serve a purpose here. They are intended to force the other countries to adapt. In case of Russia there were already tariffs in place (so trade already was low) AND there is nothing to gain from them.

Think about the bigger picture before you make statements please.
The public outcry over Comey didn't stop anything though.
No, but it led to the Mueller investigation. If he fires Mueller now, he simply gets a new special investigator...
Then fire Rosenstein and replace him with someone who won't appoint a special counsel. Or fire Sessions. 

It's amazing how long people tolerate inaction.
Yea because the US haven’t continued exactly what they were doing before hand. They backed off Syria to help the saudis in Yemen. But that doesn’t get coverage. He is no better and probably worse because he is so impulsive.
No I think it’s you that aren’t seeing the full picture. He has basically sucked Russia’s dick since he has been in office. He refuses to add more sanctions even while Russia runs around the world poisoning people that threaten them 

What do you think his plan his with Russia then? Just ignore them and hope they behave ?
Because Russia and the USA fighting will create exactly the kind of power vacuum that the deep state globalists want. We do not want to fight Russia. Do you want to send US troops to Russia? Do you want to fight Russia in the seas and in the air?

NO. Lets do our best to get along with Russia and not Start WWIII.

Am I asking for too much here?
Strangle them with economic sanctions. We have been doing that up until trump got into office and he took the gas pedal off it. The major powers don’t fight conventional wars against one another anymore. It’s either by proxy or via economic/cyber or other covert tactics of warfare. 

Trump is allowing Russia to do as it pleases on an international level (positioning private citizens in foreign countries is a huge deal) and he has back offed the economic pressure on Russia, while upping it on everyone  including China who are a much more powerful nation economically and militarily than Russia
People need time to digest the info otherwise MSM's going to spin it as Trump on a rampage.
Lol I'm fascinated by how people seem to just not care about actual action being taken. Trump could reveal that Mueller was in ISIS videos cutting off the heads of POWs, but if Mueller is allowed to continue his investigation then what has changed?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
So they rig the election so far as to get him to be the republican presidential candidate but don’t bother to make sure Clinton wins?
[removed]
Literal multinational business man. And yet you say he isn't "entrenched power"
Is that why trump nominated Bolton?
&gt;If he just fires Mueller, it looks bad, like he's trying to get away with something. Releasing proof that it's all a fake witch-hunt neutralizes Mueller and his 13 Dem squad permanently

Firing Mueller would neutralize him, because then he'd lose the ability to indict people. Releasing these texts isn't going to take away the legal powers granted to him as the special counsel.
[removed]
The prosecutions of people in the Trump camp don't point that way.
Inconsistencies will exist no matter what you look at. That's human nature, as our re-tellings are tainted each time we retell it. I'm not kidding, [that's a memory issue we suffer](https://www.nature.com/articles/ncomms8462). Inconsistencies that lead to factual things however are incredibly different. People can interpret things very differently depending on their biases. I'm willing to read any information that can back up it's claim but to simply say "you'll start to see the truth" is to claim everyone would interpret inconsistencies in the same way.
[removed]
&gt;They never prosecuted Page, cause he works for the feds, same w the Russian lawyer, entrapment by feds, same w Greenberg sent to Roger stone, another spy/entrapment.

"If it's what you say it is, I love it, especially later in the summer."

&gt;Prosecutions are for tax evasion and minor infractions like Flynn starting his job before the transfer of power, etc.

Which are still prosecutions of people in the Trump camp. It doesn't really support this idea that Mueller is working for Trump.

&gt;But yeah I know what's coming next, impeached by Halloween. Been hearing it for 2 years now, lol

You gotta realize how amusing it is that you're saying this in a post where people are claiming *this* is the drop that will end the Mueller investigation/out FISA abuses/etc. Remember Memogate? Remember the IG report? Mueller keeps on indicting away.
[removed]
I'm not trying to argue that Trump is going to be impeached out of this, so you can knock off the blumpf stuff. I haven't engaged petty nonsense like that so I'd appreciate if you didn't.

I'm not arguing that Mueller's investigation is going to lead to Trump in handcuffs, I'm saying the actions taken by Mueller so far make it hard for me to believe that Mueller is secretly working for Trump. 

Besides, that theory is ridiculous because there's still the rest of the DoJ to investigate and prosecute crime. If Sessions won't do it, replace him. 

My theory is that Trump doesn't have good cause to get Mueller fired and forcing the issue would lead to another Saturday Night Massacre which would definitely lead to articles of impeachment being filed. Declassifying parts of the investigation isn't going to stop anything, but it will shape the narrative he wants you to believe.
Possibly, yes, in an attempt to keep them off his back.
&gt; What do you think his plan his with Russia then? Just ignore them and hope they behave ?

No, I think he's trying to improve relations with russia and I also think that's a good thing.
There's no alteration in policy with regards to Yemen though. The Obama administration was also arming the Saudi's with the explicit knowledge about what was going on in Yemen.
This is not inaction. They are slowly, but surely, hammering at the fundaments of Mueller's investigation. They know there's nothing there so there's no need to hurry this up as he won't find anything. 

The release of this information is perfectly timed for the midterms, and will most likely strengthen the republicans in both house and senate. Firing Mueller would weaken them. It's all politics and Trump has to move really carefully as there are sleeping dragons everywhere.

Summary:
Trump will look very bad if he fires Mueller.
Then why not actually fire Mueller?
Firing Mueller would weaken them.
First of all, he doesn't need to go after Russia.
Trump could just replace sessions.
Why people think that the trump Russia thing is the be all end all is beyond me.
There was actual cause to fire Comey.
Trump wouldn't need Mueller to do that, the DoJ is still a thing.
&gt;If he just fires Mueller, it looks bad, like he's trying to get away with something.
Trump should have fired Sessions a long time ago.
They will definitely try and do the same for Mueller.
You have no evidence that Trump is a puppet.
&gt; What do you think his plan his with Russia then?
It's not exactly good optics to have Trump associates keep pleading guilty either.
When they call, I give.
We do not want to fight Russia.
So more Trump associates plead guilty?
The prosecutions of people in the Trump camp don't point that way.
&gt; It's not exactly good optics to have Trump associates keep pleading guilty either.
You just WANT to believe that.
And when they don't push for it, it's because the full release supports Trumps side.
It doesn't really support this idea that Mueller is working for Trump.
At that point, I think Mueller will resign himself, so no bad optics for Trump.
