Original Response:
[deleted]
Why?
He kicked Pettis after he beat him
[deleted]
[deleted]
Wow. That was bad
Could you imagine chasing your dream, achieving significant milestones, and risking actualizing it because of stupid child shit like kicking a dude in the butt after you win?
Fuck Ryan Benoit, had forgotten who he was until that clip, little cunt
What is it with the Pettis brothers and having shitty face tattoos?
Do you mean portraits? Because neither have face tattoos
Yeet
Fuck that guy 4 life
Pettis got a face tattoo to the chest.
[deleted]
Their portrait tattoos are very slightly better than Barao's, which is beyond terrible.

Portrait tattoos are terrible 97% of the time. Rarely an artist can get them right, but MMA fighters will continue getting shitty tattoos until the end of time.

It always gets me. MMA fighters always have the best looking bodies and yet almost always mar them with ugly tattoos. I'm often amused by them, but I wish the hottest guys could leave their skin alone. At least I have Wonderboy and Rockhold to ogle at with no unsightly distractions
The only guy that makes it work is Perry

If he didn't have shitty tattoos I think we'd all be severely disappointed
Also Tony Ferguson.

I've spoken at length here about how much I love his 2002 bad-boy-in-a-boyband time traveler style.

He even frosted his tips for a while.

He's absolutely glorious in his enormous wing tattoos
Oh my God you're right

Tony is the human embodiment of Naruto Running at Recess
Technically that was a kick to a downed opponent. If I was an official that would be at LEAST a no contest, if not a DQ.
You may kick downed opponents all you want. Just not in the head (and spine?).
You're allowed to kick downed opponents in the ass all you want to do. Technically it was NOT a kick to a downed opponent since the fight was over.
I thought it was legs only unless you are also down?
I'm pretty sure you can kick them in the torso too.
Looked it up, you're right. It has to be a low kick or very careful axe though, otherwise it can be ruled a stomp or soccer kick which are both illegal. Explains why you don't see it much, really hard to do a clean low kick to the torso without breaking the rule or getting your leg grabbed.
Right, we'd see them more often otherwise
And balls

Summary:
Technically that was a kick to a downed opponent.
Looked it up, you're right.
He kicked Pettis after he beat him.
Portrait tattoos are terrible 97% of the time.
