Original Response:
Somethings up with Elon. I think he's on a lot of adderall or something to keep him going and he's just really over-extending himself. He's just been... really strange lately.
He's literally on Ambien 

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/08/16/business/elon-musk-interview-tesla.html
Dude just smoked a blunt on a radio show.
That’s not a big deal, it literally just helps you fall asleep
Or if you don't try to go to sleep, you never go to sleep and just do weird shit until it wears off.
Do you suppose trying to run four separate businesses concurrently might be a contributing factor?
Tru
I agree.  I think it's pretty awful, and he seems like _such_ a driven person it's sad to see this meltdown happening in slow motion.  I'm pretty sure it's a meltdown, and we're going to learn a lot of really fucked up things about him, his personal life, and the opportunists that are fucking him over at his various companies in the aftermath.  

I hope these companies survive.  They're all doing amazing things.  SpaceX is one of those things that we, as a _species_ need to get right.  Getting off Earth sooner rather than later is pretty much the only way we're going to survive as a species.  

Tesla motors, despite the numerous and public fuckups, has done more for the electric car revolution than I ever thought possible.  I want to see more, and I want to see it succeed as a commercial venture.  We need to ditch oil almost as much as we need to get off this planet.
Podcast and so...
Who gives a shit...
He is bipolar and smoking to self-medicate.
I think it’s just coming to light that he struggles with a lot of narcissistic tendencies. This isn’t new stuff, it’s just coming to the surface now that he’s under increased pressure.
He needs to get experienced execs in the role at least in Tesla so he doesn't have to be so hands on. I have no understanding of why he is choosing to take on so much because it's clearly to his own and the operations detriment.
There is nothing to indicate he is bi polar, and I seriously doubt if he was his idea of "self medicating" taking one hit off a joint on the most popular podcast on earth.
Do I care about him smoking pot? No. Dude microdoses LSD, pot's the least of his worries.

That said, when the news of the day is focused on whether you're abusing drugs and losing your mind, smoking pot on air speaks badly to both of those points.
Please tell us more doctor
No, it speaks poorly for people who are stupid.
Mmm, that may be true. But I've read a bunch of stories and articles about the side effects associated with ambien, and how it causes people to sleep walk, hallucinate, and do random ass shit with no recollection whatsoever.
I'm sure it's not too bad to take ambien once in a while, but frequently? No Bueno.
He has said he is bipolar.
He has said he is bipolar. And he acts hypomanic.
LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY LITERALLY
Suure
That's probably so he can sleep after all the uppers.
He looked pretty bad on the Joe Rogan Experience. Like someone that’s not sleeping a lot and doing drugs(probably adderall or some other upper) to balance it out
Uncle Snoop does.
Maybe you are bipolar... I dont think responding to one tweet "yeah" counts as a medical diagnosis.

You are acting like a moron.
Tell us what you think of Tesla workers unionizing.
Unions are great, I think all labor should be unionized.
[deleted]
Microdosing LSD is my guess.
LSD isn't really all that dangerous, especially microdosed lol
Is that why he smoked weed today on Joe Rogan experience (podcast)
ehhh. 

It may be safer then most drugs, but constant use will mess with your head overtime, even when microdosed.
Well, his ex wife already wrote some pretty critical things about the way he looks at and interacts with the world. He's also quite sensitive about accepting that he grew up in relative privilege compared to most human beings in the world.
You're describing every major person in history, the difference is now we have the internet and social media. Can you imagine the shit that would be said about the actual Tesla or Howard Hughes? In the old days you'd work in your lab or company all day and night and maybe a few bad articles would be written about you but the world at large was pretty unaware of every detail of your life, today you are front page news everyday with everyone trying to take you down over every little thing.
That's when you're on ambien, those aren't side effects when you're sober.
I'm sorry you don't understand what bipolar means. And I wonder why you have so much invested in Musk's reputation that you resort to insults. Not is a tweet a diagnosis, it is a started about a diagnosis. I'm not diagnosing him, I'm taking him at his word.
Oh for sure. I was speaking more physiologically than anything. It's easy on the body. The mind? Another story, and I say this as someone who has had glowing experiences with the stuff in the past. We all know a burnt out tripper or two who just went *too far*...
He puffed it like a cigar. He didn't smoke the blunt. Lol.
Ok Chris Traeger
He's not the only one.
Didn't he grow up with only a mom and somewhat abusive childhood?
Sure.  Bosses of most big companies act collectively, why shouldn't the workers?
He said something racist?
Or, you know, just a garden variety asshole
So true - all of ''Great men of history'' were major fuckups in *some* aspect of their lives. You don't get to change the world *and* be happy, well adjusted person.

What sucks about current media, is that it's such a fucking distraction - people like elon musk end up spending time dealing with this BS instead of helping us get to Mars.
if u do weirdcrap your r cool  am i good with my anderstnding
Nice
I just listened to this podcast. The whole damn thing was so weird.
Bipolar off his meds is my guess
Nothing wrong with him he’s trying to drop the stocks of the company on purpose
I agree. That's why I'm saying he needs to relocate. Move somewhere less toxic to his personality.
ugh, the cancer.
Perhaps you misspelled "hug." Would you like one? 🤗

---
I'm a bot, and I like to give hugs. [source](https://github.com/as-com/reddit-hug-bot) | [contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=as-com)
(sigh) No. And while I don't smoke pot I am familiar with the "Hugs" pot dispensary.  

Just an all around bad business move by Musk!  I am totally disappointed.
I took an ambien for my first time a few weeks ago, it didn't help me go to sleep, my roommate ended up finding me wandering around outside on my block rambling about everyone leaving the party early (there was no party).  I didn't remember anything.. it was scary.
The way he sees women in general is problematic
You can get locked up for financial crimes in business, my guess is that Tesla is a mess behind the scenes and this guy wanted no part of it. Musk has never been a detail guy.
Must be tough as a CFO when you run across a line item:

Rocket Fuel / Satalites / Industrial boring machine / lunch for the fellas - 2,000,000,000. - Charge to misc cost.
I don't know that I'd go as far as to say it appears there's something that could expose them to large-scale legal troubles, but...

&gt; Musk has never been a detail guy. 

There is that.

I wouldn't say he's totally scattershot, he's not - he's incredibly smart and calculated.  I'm sure he's calculated where exactly his limit of "spread too thin" lies.  But, convincing Elon Musk of all people, his calculations may be inaccurate isn't a job I'd want...

I've always assumed, being the pessimist I am, that what I quoted would eventually be the downfall of everything he touches.  I'd have to imagine there are *very* few people he would listen to when they try to reign him in a bit or get him to focus on the minutia of in-progress ideas/projects when his mind's over there on the next thing he's excited about.  It's a recipe for either total disaster or at least a fair bit of legal "gotchas" when people start getting forensic on your businesses.  I don't blame a Chief Acct. for noping right out of that...plus, no doubt he's seen some shit.



Regardless, this doesn't look great.
People on reddit treat Musk like he's Martin Shekel and just recently got into money and fame- Remember, he has been doing this shit for like 30 years. Dude is smart as fuck.
You just write it off Jerry!
&gt; Martin Shekel 
    
Hoping that’s autocorrect at work
Do you even know what a write off is??
Lol, Yeah
Cost of goods for Not Flamethrowers.
[deleted]
The problem with guys like this, as the previous responder alludes to, is that they become VERY accustomed to getting total support. Between that and the starry eyed people around them, no one is able to say hey this is NOT a good idea. This was apparently a major issue with George Lucas in his later years, with the ep 1,2,3 movies. George says “yes but I’m a cgi donkey dinosaur hybrid” and everyone claps and says well it must be a good idea right? One guy says you know I don’t think that’s going to fit well and is yelled down by the others.
My company is a subcontractor for one of the Tesla Service Center being built in SoCal and the General Contractor had to lien the job because Tesla refuses to pay them the million dollars they owe. We walked off the job and it still isn’t finished.
Tesla doesn't have dealerships
Okay, I stand corrected. It’s not technically a dealership, it’s a Tesla Service Center.
Source?
[deleted]
What kind of source are you expecting? No one's going to write an article about something so minor. Take the personal anecdote for what it is.
One that’s would back up what you said? Tesla new customer service center  put on hold.

I mean come on man. What you said is kind  of a big deal.
I heard that some states like Utah require a service center to be present in order to allow telsa sell the car in the state.  So if there is a issue you can take it somewhere and interact with a person. The actual service stations themselves don't have to be functional b/c the cars are updated over the air and the services are minimal since there is no fluids and combustion motors to deal with.  Someone I know picked his car at a service shop and he said there was no power at the shop, which is ironic since Telsa is really a power company.  So his car couldn't be completely charged which is embarrassing for Telsa.   So i think these service stations aren't really a focus on them fixing as they got bigger fish to fry.
Tesla has gotten far off govt subsidies and asking suppliers to wait for payment. Not surprised
Lol I really like Tesla and their ideas, but when they don’t pay their contractors it makes me question their business tactics.
[deleted]

Summary:
He's not the only one.
He has said he is bipolar.
I just listened to this podcast.
He didn't smoke the blunt.
I hope these companies survive.
He is bipolar and smoking to self-medicate.
One that’s would back up what you said?
Do I care about him smoking pot?
Musk has never been a detail guy.
One guy says you know I don’t think that’s going to fit well and is yelled down by the others.
I'm sure it's not too bad to take ambien once in a while, but frequently?
No one's going to write an article about something so minor.
I want to see more, and I want to see it succeed as a commercial venture.
SpaceX is one of those things that we, as a _species_ need to get right.
He looked pretty bad on the Joe Rogan Experience.
He's literally on Ambien 

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/08/16/business/elon-musk-interview-tesla.html.
