Original Response:
Well done to monopolising the taxi industry. 

They must have realised that GrabHitch is cannibalising their grab sales. 


Only have grab and grab taxi for night commute. Gone were the days of cheap grabshare and grabhitch.
I’m pretty sure this is about female passenger safety.
I think it’s more likely due to dispute from drunken customer.
You gotta ask what kind of person would be taking GrabHitch at 1am to 5am in the first place.

Those timings are when people go drinking. People can be difficult enough sober. Give strangers alcohol and shit can go south real fast.
Well it is true that higher chance of drunken passengers but there are also non-alcoholic that genuinely commute at such timing. 

And they actually appreciate the cheaper alternative offer by GrabHitch or Grabshare. 

Vice versa, hitch Drivers would also like to share petrol costs with passenger that are going to the same places. 

I’m sure grab could have done better instead of blocking out entire grabhitch service during such timing. 

Hence, I conclude it is for the benefit of their Grab taxi services.
[deleted]
There's probably very few hitch drivers and riders between 1am to 5am, and a large percentage of rides cause issues.
You are everything that is wrong with the world.
Well.... he isnt wrong though. If theres a cheaper option thats technically less safe, but there are people who are ok with the tradeoff, why does it have to be absolutely removed when its unsafe for another part of the demographic (who arent required to use it)?

Is it so they wont feel as bad? They wont feel discriminated against?

All this, ofc is assuming that the unspoken reason is actually for the protection of females. Hard to say though, since we're not likely to get confirmation from them
The same type of people taking grab home at that time?

If grabhitch drivers don't want to deal with that, can't they just don't log on at that time? (not exactly sure how grabhitch works for drivers)
If there's not enough hitch drivers, the passengers just gotta take normal grab loh, what's the big issue?
I'm pretty sure this is more about $$$.
serious?

you can also castrate everyone for female passenger safety

&amp;#x200B;

or maybe you can consider reasonable, nondiscriminatory methods?
[deleted]
What's the better alternative you're "sure" Grab could have taken?
So much assumptions.. Trust me there's a ton of people looking to hitch at those timings. I mean, you can't verify it anymore but I assure you in the past year of me frequenting Clark quay I've had no lack of riders.
I know there's the riders part, but are there many of your kind?
I wouldn't know. But what I do know is that the demand is there. It doesn't make sense to take it away since eventually they have to get home be it by hitch or just grab. What they are doing is driving the numbers up by forcing them to take grab taxi which is probably atleast twice more expensive and much more profitable for grab.
The demand has always been there. I used to open the driver app and wonder why people think they can get a hitch to the airport at 4am. But if the demand is unmatched, it doesn't make a difference. You could be one of the only few accepting hitches at that hour, and it will only work in hotspots like Clarke Quay late at night. I'm sure the vast majority of requests go unmatched and they end up taking a normal Grab anyway. After all, GrabHitch started as a way to get people onto the platform, so they will book a normal car when nobody wants to hitch them.
You're missing the point. It barely costs them anything to leave the service there. Infrastructure exists already. It's only a matter of keeping the extra choice for commuters. I'm not bothered since I can afford to continue driving to CQ without hitch riders. But what I'm trying to point out to you naive individuals who think grab is looking at it from the consumer's angle is that grab doesn't give a fuck about your safety or is it about disputes. It's just the case of greed. They want your money. They want you to take grab taxi / just grab.
You got it right. I can't believe there are people here who think it's about passenger safety or disputes. LOL. Ridiculous people really.
&gt;But what I'm trying to point out to you naive individuals

I actually thought we were having a serious discussion until now.

&gt;grab doesn't give a fuck about your safety or is it about disputes. It's just the case of greed.

Of course, that's been the goal from the start. But you are also looking at it from the wrong angle. It's not about getting more people to use other services on the app. It's that the cost of handling complaints during those hours is not worth having it active when it doesn't affect a significant portion of their userbase.
We are having a discussion, serious or not is up to your personal standards for integrity and merit of our arguments. 

If you were grab, it would be in your favor to remove hitch. 10% of a max 15 dollar ride vs 20%(?) of 30/40 bucks including surge, it's clear which is more profitable.

And the most important thing to note here is consumers do not have a choice. It's either take comfort / grab. Comfort = midnight surcharge. Grab = surge 

With or without hitch they have to get home unless they opt to wait for the first train back. It's just a convenient excuse on their end to quote "disputes" hence easier to remove the hitch option completely. The same drunk passengers are about to deal with grab drivers. What makes them any less prone to dispute with them compared to us? In fact I'd argue as hitch drivers,  we do not look at them as income for the day and would likely sort things out with them before stepping into the car as compared to a grab driver who would  be worried about cancelation rates, incentives and missing out on a potential customer.  

You've chosen to take their statement at face value and give them the benefit of doubt that they care about passenger safety and reducing disputes for hitch drivers. 

On the other hand, I've chosen to take the cynical POV and wager that it's just a business move to make more money. 

Just the thought of "high cost of managing disputes" Makes me lmao. Maybe, but if anything the biggest cost to them is the consumer's taking hitch / grab taxi.
[deleted]
They take commission on GrabHitch so not much cannibalizing. Even if the commissions are higher, how many rides between 1 and 5am on Hitch? They probably were losing money staffing call centers listening to drivers complaining about drunk passengers all night is all.
&gt; They probably were losing money staffing call centers listening to drivers complaining about drunk passengers all night is all.

How does this move alleviate the problem then? Grab drivers are still going to be taking customers and encountering such passengers. The grab kerbsite hotline still has to be manned either way.

The only difference I see is potential calls for assistance coming in from grab drivers as opposed to grab hitch drivers.
Not about drivers. About other passengers
Maybe someone taking midnight/early morning shift?
they still charge a fee from hitch though
Grab earns 10% of fees from grabhitch platform; maximum hitch “fares” capped at $16. Hence the maximum fee earned for a single trip is $1.6. 

IIRC, grab earns 20% of commission fees for their grab platform (can anyone confirm). Factoring the dynamic pricing into formula and an average fare per trip of $25, the fees earned work out to be $5. 

Which option would you choose if you are grab? :)
Have there been any reports of hitch passengers causing trouble among themselves? I've never ever heard of a single report. Stuff like that you'd think would get posted on social media at least.

All the issues I've seen are from drivers having to deal with drunk passengers only.

Summary:
The same drunk passengers are about to deal with grab drivers.
They want you to take grab taxi / just grab.
It's either take comfort / grab.
Grab drivers are still going to be taking customers and encountering such passengers.
The same type of people taking grab home at that time?
I can't believe there are people here who think it's about passenger safety or disputes.
If you were grab, it would be in your favor to remove hitch.
Maybe, but if anything the biggest cost to them is the consumer's taking hitch / grab taxi.
It's not about getting more people to use other services on the app.
(not exactly sure how grabhitch works for drivers)
