Original Response:
Nice!

Symmetry and the number 2 are important here, I guess :D 

Boxer-engine, two headlights, two horns, a VW-sidecar with also two headlights, two indicators and two windows.

I'd loove to hear that horn, though, too.
But only one pannier .. on the left
Cargo bed on the right.
Toot toot!
Ahhhh-OOOO-gahhhhh!!!
That ammo box pannier is cool too. Sweet ride
Horns are offset, that single yellow light in the centre, single mirror
Ever hear a semi horn?  Then you've heard that one.  *BRRRRRRRRRRT*
Nah that ones more of a WAAAAHHHHHH
I have a similar trumpet on my boat and it’s a loud WAAAHHHHH type
Works for me...
Probably similar to this, it’s enough to startle you for sure https://youtu.be/uEx1Q9goD1w

I have one like this on my old chevy. It’s hilariously loud https://youtu.be/dr6m0OZ3Vu8
A friend fitted air horns to his bike cos he was sick of getting cut off in the traffic.  He said they weren’t very effective cos when he used them, people would be frantically looking for a big semi and would totally ignore his comparatively small motorbike.  *BRRRRRRRRRRRT....crunch!*
Noice!!
What about 2 vw sidecars
Therapy is available
Just like the original microbus....Your knees are the airbags
No, no, no. Hold your head like this, then go Waaah. Try it again.
That’s pretty cool but that flat front tire though.
But the bike doesn't lean anymore, you don't need a motorcycle tire.
Called dark siding. Some regular bikes do it with a rear tyre.
why not? Car tires are cheaper for longer mileage, and you don't need to lean.
I’m familiar but only on the rear. Having a flat front just seems a bit odd to me.
I guess it would only make sense on a bike with a sidecar.
Doesn’t lean anymore with that attitude.
There's quite a dark side following in the Goldwing crowd. They'll do a car tire on the rear, and a rear MC tire on the front.
So I just googled this phenomenon, Is this just popular with the heavy tourers that aren't interested in cornering performance?
That's probably the reason. I've never looked into it enough to find out. I like the twisties, even on my flying couch.
Yeah, I feel like carving twisties in those would be...interesting.
Oh, and tip of the BMW hat. I used to ride an R1100RTP when I was a funeral escort in Ohio. Still have my Authority hat somewhere.
I love my RT, I'm not sure there is a bike that could replace it for me, other than a 2019 RT.
I think that is a VW bug or van wheel, so a car tire.
If you lean a lot, they'll fall apart.

Not much leaning to be done on highways.
Or at all with a sidecar . . .
I mean you *can*. On one side.
Hell of a counterwieght you have to overcome.  lol

Summary:
I guess it would only make sense on a bike with a sidecar.
They'll do a car tire on the rear, and a rear MC tire on the front.
But the bike doesn't lean anymore, you don't need a motorcycle tire.
Probably similar to this, it’s enough to startle you for sure https://youtu.be/uEx1Q9goD1w

I have one like this on my old chevy.
But only one pannier .. on the left.
Ever hear a semi horn?
