Original Response:
[removed]
I have a shiny poliwrath, OT:Chaos ID no 39278

If not I could catch one OT:Chaos ID no 39278.
That would be awesome! I'm trying to get a shiny politoed for my gf
What do you have to offer?
I'm not really sure how I'm supposed to post my pokemon, but I have the legemdaries I caught from a wormhole, ie, groudon, OT, Ri, shiny naganadel, OT, Ri, shiny shiftree, OT, Ri, all the ultra beasts, OT, Ri
Ok what nature  and ability does the shiftree have?
Quirky nature, and chlorophyll ability
Is the magearna still up for trade?
Yep!
Ok I’ll get you the Poliwag for the Magerna then. What name do you want it to have?
Preferably just poliwag
Ok I’ll tell you when I have it.
Awesome! Thank you!
Also what pokeball do you want it in.
Honestly any is fine by me. A normal pokeball would be cool.
Ok I’ll put it in a normal pokeball.
I have some other pokemon you might be interested in, you wouldn't happen to have a celebi would you?
I do
Would you be willing to trade it?
I’ll check after I’m done shiny hunting. I can’t break my chain.
Gotcha!
What would you be offering anyways?
Shiny crustle, Ot, Ri, Shiny Naganadel, Ot, Ri, Zeraora, Ot, Kyle, (old account) reshiram, ot, ri.
I find it hard to believe your info for the Zeraora also you never put the ID no. for any of the Events or shinies. And you didn’t say how you got any of the events or shiny Pokémon you listed.
My bad, all of the pokemon I've listed with Ot  Ri have a I'D number of 542863, they've all been obtained through pokemon ultra sun, either through wormholes, or by catching them in the wild, the Magearna was from the qr code for ultra sun, zeraora was obtained through event code on my old 3ds before I upgraded. Hence the different OT, (middle name as avatar name.) The ID number for Zeraora is 723164
Which event did you get the Zeraora from?
The Japanese distribution for the pokemon movie.
Well I checked and I can’t get your Zeraora because I don’t have Ultra sun only normal sun. So I’m not interested in anything you listed for the celebi.
Alright,  fair enough, if you're looking for anything you'd like, let me know, and I'll make an effort to help you out, since you're helping me out :)

Summary:
for any of the Events or shinies.
Ok I’ll tell you when I have it.
Ok I’ll put it in a normal pokeball.
