Original Response:
Why does it take so long to get what appears to be evidence?

&amp;#x200B;

Lack of evidence is what leads to conspiracy theories.  That being said, I still think this is a bullshit issue.  People have tried to spin this as if it was a russian attack on the UK.  Which it obviously wasn't.  

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
They were identified months ago, it's just being publicised now. Also you can see the guys in cctv leaving the plane from Russia, travelling across London, going to the Skripals home, then leaving the country.

If this was any more obviously a Russian hit they'd have vodka in their hands and addidas trackkies on.
&gt; Why does it take so long to get what appears to be evidence? 

Because they're not trying to convince you. Suspects left the country long before identified so what's the value in letting the opposition know that you know who they are. You'd assume that they'd assume that but why publicise it in case not?

&gt;People have tried to spin this as if it was a russian attack on the UK 

Strictly it'd be an act of war, not entirely sure why that isn't the topic of conversation. Government treating it like some random got stabbed in the street rather than firing of 20 or so trident missiles is a fascinating discussion.
This is the problem that CSI created. People expect investigations to happen quickly and for evidence to just fall into place. They also want to know all the details and see all the evidence. That rarely happens and, quite frankly, none of us have a legitimate reason to see the evidence. We're just nosy.
Well part of this story was war posturing with Russia.  And of course the unproven russia business loomed over it.  So you have allegation after allegation against russia over 2-3 years, all unproven and then all of a sudden they were twisting this story to seem like russia launched a chemical/bio attack on UK..

And then the people survived, so you're talking about an attempted murder.  Which is even more silly.
Is it "unproven?" Or just that you're not privy to the evidence. 

Let's look at it another way. We have pretty much the entire developed world, and their collective intelligence agencies, saying that Russia is being a dirty player. They all agree that Russia is causing a lot of problems. Russia is denying it and accusing all of the other countries of making everything up. Which is more plausible?
well, unproven is a very specific word.  It means it hasn't been proven.  

Which thus far nothing is especially amazing imo.  Really, are we going to pretend people are so stupid that somebody in russia retweeting things, often from actual news sources somehow flipped votes?  

That's absurd.  In many instances people of all walks of life are being accused of being russian bots because of their wrong think.
You didn't actually address what I asked.
oh, no... I did.  That part where I stated the unproven means just that "unproven".  

&amp;#x200B;

Here's the thing.  Most of this shit is nonsense.  US... Israel... Saudi Arabia... none of these people have room to talk from any sort of moral high ground on anything.  

&amp;#x200B;

Look at the migrant crisis that's having an effect on pretty much every country in the world.  It's a direct result of US actions in the middle east and in places like Ukraine.  You can talk all day about what bad guys Sadaam and Ghadaffi were but there wasn't chaos when they were around.

&amp;#x200B;

The US is over there drone striking civilians on the regular for the last 10+ years and just pretend it's not happening.
But that's the thing. You say "unproven," but what you're really saying is that you haven't seen the proof (and likely won't) or you don't think the proof is enough.
no, I mean that none of it is proven.  As in, the intelligence reports that are the basis for all of the russia nonsense literally contain disclaimers saying they're not to be taken as fact, could be wrong, etc etc.

So, you don't have to guess with certain levels of confidence as to whether or not it's proven.  It's known that it is not proven.

And then at the end of the day they want to conflate various unrelated allegations into words like "meddling" and then say OH, these guys posted memes on twitter !   That's great.  Israel literally has an inside man in the Trump camp and they've directed policy in Israel's interest.  

That's pretty awkward.  Israel "meddles" in our affairs, and gets the iran nuke deal canned, moves the embassy, and continues to direct our military plans against targets like Iran and Syria that are of zero interest to the United States of America.  And yet.... nobody seems to want to talk about that stuff.

Summary:
no, I mean that none of it is proven.
People have tried to spin this as if it was a russian attack on the UK.
Why does it take so long to get what appears to be evidence?
That part where I stated the unproven means just that "unproven".
They also want to know all the details and see all the evidence.
It means it hasn't been proven.
