Original Response:
I've got to change out my tires on my bike, is it a major pain in the ass? It seems to be worth the effort considering the quotes I've gotten for tire changes in the area.

Any tips or suggestions would be greatly appreciated
I tried one time on low profile sportbike tires.  Huge pain and never again.  Will gladly pay a local shop 90 bucks to do a set every other season when I need tires.
Do you take the wheels off and bring them to the shop?
Yes.  Mount and balance 90 bucks for a set of loose rims.  Independent shop.  Main dealer wanted 160.
I was quoted $70 for the loose rims brought in.
Thats a good price.  Worth it.  I had 120/70R17 front and 190/50R17 rear.  No way getting the bead over the rim lip without a machine unless you want scratch the crap out of your rims.
Generally speaking, if it's hard you're doing it wrong.
Nope, without the machine you have no chance of getting that last 6 inches of tire over without scratching up the rims.
whether you're using a machine or not, use the nomar bar.
I have a No-Mar machine. Seems like it would be tough even using the bar, just with the wheel on the ground or something. Need some way to lock it down. Don't know, never tried that way.
only did it once because the rest of the time I had the machine, but I had a buddy counter the rotation with a 2x4

&amp;#x200B;
Yeah, guess you'd have to just make do somehow. I was picturing like a front wheel with discs on both sides that doesn't lay flat and such.
it was not a good thing to do, but i was not about to use dirtbike spoons...
Easy, just bend the discs to create a platform that the wheel will lie flat on!

/S, obviously
Brembo, schmembo. They don't matter.
Harbour Freight sells a pet good tire stand. So much easier that way.
Video proof that you're wrong.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dAKIuSjPXxA
I dont see a detailed inspection of the rims there and if any scratches are left.  I like Ari and Zach but your "proof" is nothing....
Have probably changed 30 tires by now, never scratched a rim. Use a Mojolever.

Summary:
I have a No-Mar machine.
Have probably changed 30 tires by now, never scratched a rim.
I was quoted $70 for the loose rims brought in.
