Original Response:
**Submission Statement**

The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals just issued a landmark ruling that found that arresting homeless people for sleeping outside violates their constitutional rights. 

The reason that this is big news is because in many states in America, most of them Republican-controlled, the criminalization of poverty has become a startling trend among local lawmakers.

FTA:

*The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals recognized sitting, lying, or sleeping are all “universal and unavoidable consequences of being human.” The city is not permitted to criminalize sleeping on outside property, especially if there are no beds available at homeless shelters.*

As if this is something that even has to be said if you are someone with an even halfway decent moral compass.

If you think it's okay to lock up a homeless person for sleeping on the ground in public because he's homeless, then you have a fucked up sense of values. 

Instead of kicking the already downtrodden by locking up the homeless simply for the act of sleeping, we should be examining our society and how it has failed so many people that homelessness is a massive problem in one of the wealthiest countries on Earth. 

Criminalizing the homeless is particularly a large problem in Florida but this lawsuit was against Boise, a city in Idaho. 

What we have here is a bunch of lazy, corrupt local government officials who would rather criminalize poverty rather than help address the root causes of it. 

Homeless people are also people, just because they're poor it doesn't mean they somehow become less human.
Republican strongholds?  You realize this is a major problem more in the West coast,  and the biggest problem in San Francisco,  a Democrat cesspool.  While I agree with the ruling,  posting this in a conspiracy forum with this fucking bullshit is getting old.  

1.  This is a ruling,  not a conspiracy 
2.  Being homeless isn't a conspiracy 
3. You couldn't help but inject politics into it.
It is a "problem" anywhere with large amounts of homeless people. They tend to exist in large cities. Large cities are mostly liberal. But they exist in all states, including red states (See: Ft. Worth, TX).
&gt; You realize this is a major problem more in the West coast

Duh. More mild climate especially in middle California.  I'd migrate there if I was homeless.  Also more liberal so there might be more benefits.  Also more centers open for mental health and helping them try to find work.
Well according to reality,  they are all doing a shit job of it,  still not a conspiracy.  This is Democratic policy coming home to roost.  Enjoy it.
You act like it is an easy solution for the sheer amount of homeless that exist and would rather just blame it on democrats.  We don't even know why they are all homeless or what medical problems they have.  I haven't seen republicans come up with anything better.  It's a problem for the whole country that a lot of our other countrymen are suffering and are in shambles.
This is only applicable to the 9th court. 

Also this has been addressed in the past. At least in California it’s not criminal to be homeless. 

You just can’t sleep on the streets, sidewalks, etc. it’s a hazard to other people but generally it’s done anyways.
This has become the sjw circle jerk forum. 

A homeless conspiracy is how states were shipping the homeless from one to state to another like a hot potato. Everyone denied it but there was evidence is was happening.
&gt;  Large cities are mostly liberal

Why is this? My guess is that its hard to be worried about 'immigrants' if you actually live around them and meet them all the time.
People are homeless in major cities, and in cities with nice weather. This is self evident
Weather has to be the most crucial component
Whats the Republican policy? Give them bootstraps?
Why arent the SJWs of SF (clearly the SJW capital of the USA) shipping them out?
I think the courts made them stop. 

https://www.sfexaminer.com/sf-expanding-program-bused-10k-homeless-residents-town-past-decade/amp/
Pretty much that. Cities are more diverse and have a greater range of viewpoints, economic situations, jobs, etc. That exposure tends to create more liberal views. Then, people in more conservative areas decide to move to cities because they are more liberal. It is a cyclical pattern.
&gt; how states were shipping the homeless from one to state to another like a hot potato

Definitely a real problem as well.  Especially if they had city events/fairs coming up.
Most of California is a republican cesspool with a few small areas of decent governance in the cities that are democratically controlled. 

If you are homeless in kern or Orange County you might as well try to get onto a bus and get into LA or SF proper so you have access to some resources
I never suggested a solution.  I said they made the bed,  lie in it
How can you say it is democrats when it is always Republicans trying to take away their help.

Homeless people go to California because of the weather and the liberal policies that keep them from going to jail for being poor. 

Meanwhile in Florida, a republican state, they arrest them, put them on a bus and ship them to a different state, and then claim their states have no homeless problems.
People are homeless everywhere.  I live in a city/County with 66k people (considered small town) and we have homeless people in shelters.  I know because I've volunteered.
thanks for the laugh.
I've been doing my best to call their bullshit
I used to live out of a vehicle in Florida so I saw firsthand. After getting released from jail they took them to the greyhound bus station, waiting and watching the person got on the bus. These guys were released and supose to be free.
I take it you have only seen California in movies or TV. I love here . Get 1 hour out of LA and it looks just like Alabama. There were more trump voters in California than there were in 6 states than he won combined.
I've been to 49 States and all over California.  Bakersfield doesn't look like Alabama,  but the towns do.  The northern part of the state is Republican,  but they are heavily outweighed by the cities.
Criminalize homelessness, while the true parasites sleep soundly in their mansions and waste 1000's of acres on fucking golf courses so they have a place to meet and conspire how to further bleed the world and it's people dry of its life force. What an 'exceptional' country we live..
Nobody is denying that. I doubt your city has the homeless problem/numbers of San Francisco or Los Angeles though
Austin doesn't mind. The more the merrier!

Summary:
Large cities are mostly liberal.
It is a "problem" anywhere with large amounts of homeless people.
&gt;  Large cities are mostly liberal

Why is this?
People are homeless in major cities, and in cities with nice weather.
I'd migrate there if I was homeless.
I've been to 49 States and all over California.
At least in California it’s not criminal to be homeless.
Criminalizing the homeless is particularly a large problem in Florida but this lawsuit was against Boise, a city in Idaho.
