Original Response:
What potential does your fanbase think he has, and what's his ceiling in your opinion? 

For example, I think Andrew Mangiapane is quite over hyped. Many fans think we can be a top 6 winger, meanwhile I think he'll be a good bottom 6 winger that's probably gonna get pp2 time.
I mean due to all the media the leaf prospects are always simultaneously over and under hyped but I’d have to maybe say Liljegren. Now I think he will be a great defenceman and has the best chance of being a top pairing defenceman some day out of our prospects but most leaf fans and media treat him like it’s a forgone conclusion that he will be a #1 or 2 D in a couple years which is quite the expectation to live up to.
I don't get that vibe from our fanbase and media at all.. if anything he's underrated. Most expect him to just be a top four which is what we need.
Most people I’ve seen have said in 2 years time he will be with Rielly on the top pair and that we just need Hainsey or Zaitsev to suffice until then. The sentiment I’ve gotten is a lot of people just assume he’s going to be a top pair defenceman which while he may be it’s way to early to say definitively on that
Woah, being on the top pair is about outplaying the others at the position. 

Carrick, Holl haven't cracked the roster full time. Zaitsev has been off. Hainsey died in January and they kept throwing his corpse on the ice in April. 

Projecting he plays in the AHL 1 year, then Leafs the next, and earns his way to the top pair isn't that hard to believe. Especially when the team can't afford free agents since next year we have to hand out some big contracts.
I mean we expect him to play on our top pairing, doesn't mean he's a top pairing defenseman just that he would be the best option. Hainsey plays on our top pairing but he's not a top pairing defenseman.
I've yet to see that.  Got a link to a few of those?
I don’t know what you’re reading on our sub but I’m on it every day and I’m usually participating in the Liljegren chats and never once have I seen anyone overrate him to the point where he’s a #2 in a year or two. 

I have seen people suggest he’d be in the show next season and that’s fair to say. He’ll be given the Dermott treatment with sheltered minutes
I see Johnsson’s name more than a lot of prospects. More than Liljegren.
Its a given.

Not because he's the next Erik Karlsson but because the Leafs current top two RHD are: Ron Hainsey and Nikita Zaitsev.
Mete as our first year rookie was playing a decent amount of time on the 1st pair with Weber. 

Especially on the leafs where there isn't much competition on the right side for that #1-2 spot, it's definitely possible Liligren can crack that spot
It’s definitely johnsson, if you want downvotes from leaf fans on reddit just say he’s overrated. 

Before it was soshnikov, who obviously wasn’t going to be an NHLer but got hype for some reason.
Sosh is an NHLer when healthy, he just can't seem to go more than 20 games without getting a concussion.
Speaking of which he is currently out with a concussion he got while training.

He was penciled in for the 4th line before that.
To absolutely nobody's surprise, you couldn't
Hainsey isn't even right handed, he's playing his off side.
Best description I heard of him was he is a "Head first" player. He goes hard at everything he does, he just does it with his head a lot of times and gets put out with a concussion.

Summary:
Hainsey plays on our top pairing but he's not a top pairing defenseman.
Hainsey isn't even right handed, he's playing his off side.
Projecting he plays in the AHL 1 year, then Leafs the next, and earns his way to the top pair isn't that hard to believe.
