Original Response:
damn who hurt you bro 😂😂
This isn't me in the post..?
I'm pretty sure he realized that
Me thinks thou doth protest to much...
shakespeare was the first weinstein
Then why did he use "you", which is a pronoun that refers directly to whomever someone is replying to? Since he commented this as a reply to my post, "you" would be referring to me. Not sure why I'm getting downvoted into oblivion for a mistake most people would make.

Edit: jeez I don't understand Reddit sometimes..
...or it can be generalized to not refer to a specific person.
This comment makes you seem very much like blue in the pic
It's common for people to comment on a post as if they're talking to the person in the post. When you didn't realize that, you got unexpectedly hostile. That's why you got downvotes. Take it as an opportunity for reflection and improvement.
Yikes love how I'm constantly being made out to be the one in the wrong, when it was the original commenter who thought that I was the one in the post. Should be replying to him about needing reflection and improvement. All I did was correct him for his mistake, in a confused tone because of *his* hostility.
He was making a joke towards a person in your post. He didn't make a mistake. 

We're all trying to help you, buddy. No need to be like that.
In your defense, I would feel like someone was talking to me directly if they commented on my post with “you”.  I also didn’t sense any hostility from anyone until after you got down-voted, which I think would make anyone aggravated just because not everyone likes getting down-voted. Just wanted to comment because I was trying to look at it from your point of view and I kinda felt bad.
The real cringe is in the comments it seems.
I think you were downvoted on this particular comment for your indiscriminate use of “yikes”. Yikes.
&gt;constantly


*literally one comment mentioning reflection and improvement* 


Bruh
Who hurt you?
Calm down, blue.
Ops definitely blue.
Oof. You should leave reddit for a while.
[deleted]
The real r/cringepics is in the comments

Summary:
Since he commented this as a reply to my post, "you" would be referring to me.
This comment makes you seem very much like blue in the pic.
He didn't make a mistake.
