Original Response:
It's funny how we keep being surprised by our own aging.


Hey, Layne Staley died a month before Jack Hughes' first birthday. Oof ouch owie my aging bones.
Them bones hurting juice
the NEW singer was brought in when Hughes was 3
I think it's just more shocking how time gets away from you.

Like what seems like only a few years ago I was 18 and I was getting made fun of at work for being the youngest, but in reality that was nearly 7 years ago. This summer we got a kid who wasn't born when 9/11 happened and it was somehow craziness to me. I find you don't feel old until you're made to feel old. I mean I'm nearly 25, I'm not close to old but in my head I'm a lot closer to 18 than 30 and in reality it's actually quite the opposite. I don't relate nearly as much to 18 year olds as I think I do.
Oh I agree for sure, it gets me too.
If you really wanna feel old, I have no idea who Layne Staley is.
That's honestly not that big of a deal. There's a lot of people that are like mid to late 20's who don't know who he is either.
He was the original lead singer of Alice in chains.
I'm 35 and I still feel closer to 18 than to 30.
Yeah he’s not the most famous guy ever or anything, it just popped into my head at the time.
Oh he's definitely very famous, I just think his fame was kinda rooted in the early-mid 90's. I love Alice in Chains, but they were also played in my household. Anyone born in the mid 90's and past would've missed his most famous years.
I don't think you ever feel that far away from 18 lol.
Yeah I just mean I wouldn't be surprised if anybody of any age didn't know who he was, unless they were wearing a Chains t-shirt or something.
That there rooster is down in a hole!
[deleted]
I’ve never heard of that band
I remember Gionta saying that he remembered winning the Stanley Cup with Jay Pandolfo in Jersey and it was weird being coached by him in Boston. When your former teammates are now coaching you, probably time to hang it up.
Def worth a look if you like grunge and metal
Ouch
&gt; Layne Staley

I'm over 40.

I've listened to plenty of Alice in Chains in my youth.

Had no idea who Layne Staley was
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAqZb52sgpU
I'm 28 and have a 20 year old co-worker.  We'lll be listening to music at work, and I'll say Hey I remember when this came out.  And it'll be before his time.
Are you being serious? Legitimately not sure.
If they've never heard of Alice in Chains something tells me they probably aren't into grunge and metal.
Yeaaah lol good point
Shit, I've heard Alice in Chains plenty and I've never even heard that name let alone know who he was.
I personally had never heard of them until 2014, when I was a sophomore in college.
I have also never heard of them
Kids born after 9/11 can drive, they can join the military next year
What the shit dude?
you can listen to a band without knowing who is in it.
Yeah, to the kid I worked with Kanye was kinda before his time. Gold Digger came out when he was 4, and Kanye peaked when he was 9.
as long as i keep doing what i feel is important things with my life, i am never surprised. if i say something like holy shit im nearing up to 40 i just remember what i have done that was important to me and it puts a smile on my face. personally, if i spent that time doing fuck all like watching tv all the time or browsing the internet too much (which i have done), i would feel pretty upset and try and right the way.. which i also do in little ways all the time. comfort is knowing it wasn't wasted and also enjoyed in your own particular way.
Buried in my shit
[deleted]
Damn that's a good song.

And that came out in 1991, 27 years ago.

27 years before that, was 1964. That's when the Beatles were on the Sullivan show, which seemed like forever ago when I was 17 in 1991. 

Fuck, I'm old.
[deleted]
Kanye has yet to peak, sooo...

though if that Lil Pump video is indicative...
Then they should go listen to Dirt and come back and say they're still not into grunge and metal
Great comment dude or dudette. And appropriate username too.
Can confirm.
Unless you’re Crosby and played with Lemieux who owns the Pens. Had to be nervous for Crosby during his rookie season playing with the Owner of the Pens.
I remember the time when Nebraska won National Championships in the 1990s that now most players who are on the Current Nebraska team weren’t even born when Nebraska last won the National Championship and the QB of the 1997 Nebraska team is now the Head Coach.

Speaking of which, Go Big Red!
Comment chains in a Nutshell.
I’m 29 and I was/am a big fan.  I remember hearing Roster when I was like 7.  Of course, my brother was a teenager when they were in their prime and he had a lot of influence on the music I like.
Oh Brother.....
Shame In You for all these puns.
I'm 27 and we have an 18 year old kid at work. We were talking football and someone said that Aaron Rodgers hadn't won a Superbowl. I said he definitely did and it was like 2011 or 2012. We looked it up and it was true. 


The kid was like "How do you remember shit like that?" as if it happened a long time ago, and it's like, well I was a grown man and watched it happen live, that's how I remember, seemed like it was only a couple years ago. But to the young guy it was basically half a lifetime ago. Shit like that is jarring.
I mentioned dial-up yesterday and this kid didn't know what it was.
My mom was telling me a few years back about this cool "new" band she liked called Alice In Chains. My mom is close to 60, and I had to break the news to her that they aren't new at all, in fact their singer has been dead for about 25 years. To her, any band that's from after 1985 is "new".
100% agree but this particular band member had a widely publicized exit from our plane of existence.
I wish. At 58 I don’t think I’m ever that far away from 35. 

I do have regular fond moments of the 18 thing though. lol
Tell him we used to talk to our friends by calling their house and seeing if they were home. Or MSN Messenger, blow his mind.
They just keep coming Again and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again
Down in a hole. ...
Would?
Shootin’ for goal.
I’m 28 and I just got ice cream at a place known for being a town staple since the 1950s. It’s been mostly staffed by high school/college kids.

The girl who gave me the ice cream said “sorry for being slow, today was my second day of school.”

I immediately responded with “oh my god, you’re only in high school. When did I get old?”

“It’s my senior year of that helps...”

“No. It doesn’t.”

I tipped her $3 and cried in my ice cream.
He lived at the owners house too.  (I think I would be more nervous of that... or it would just make me more nervous in general.)
Probably both, don’t want to anger the owner.
Hoo hoo!
Had this experience today, same ages. I made the "aye yai yai yai yai" sound that Alpha makes in Power Rangers. Older people laughed, she was completely lost
That's good to hear!
There's a documentary about them on the History Channel
Layne has only been dead since 2002
I think MBDTF was his peak. He’s put out good stuff since but I don’t think he’ll ever hit that high again. I like Yeezus and Pablo had some good stuff. Kids See Ghosts was good but yeah... I dunno. At 40 I don’t see him outdoing some of his earlier stuff.
We had the original one. I remember freezing my fucking balls off at commonwealth in -30 for the "heritage classic" against the habs. It needs to come home soon.
They can enlist this year if they have parental permission.
&gt;History Channel

Are they a band of aliens? Or do they run a pawn shop?
This will be a reddit off season fact thread in 20 years and people’s minds will explode
I know, I was quite surprised when I remembered that Lemieux played until 2006.
The incoming Freshman class for high school will finish ten years after I graduated in 13
Or did they fight in the revolution whenever that series is aired the week of july 4th?

Edit: God I miss old history channel when youd see Alexander, Engineering an Empire, Russia the Land of the Tsars, plenty of ww1 and ww2 stuff, The Presidents, First Invasion: The War of 1812, the Revolution, Barbarians (which covered the Goths, Huns, Franks, Lombards, Vandals etc) and plenty more im probably missing I used to spend all day watching that channel in middle school and high school.
yeah 25 years, that's what he said.
I've started to notice this from my mom. She turns 55 this year and she's starting to become like "Oh I don't know any of this new shit". Growing up she was always into new shit and kept up with it, but I find in the last like 5 years she's starting to transition into not understanding and not relating with it. Kinda sucks lol.
That's to be expected. Grunge was well out of the zeitgeist when 35 and unders people were in their teens. You had to be around as a teen - maybe preteen, in the early 90s at the peak of their popularity.
Well... you *can*
We had to go through parents to get to our peers.
test
What the fuck happened... look at that marvelous list. My god
What the fuck happened... look at that marvelous list. My god
What the fuck happened... look at that marvelous list. My god
Playing GTA V, the radio 'West Coast Classics' is music I listened to in high school.
Mines the opposite I just turned 24 and my coworker is about to be 30. He listens to 2000 hip hop (normal for his age) and I listen to late 80s and 90s hip hop and rap. The only person I listen to that he knew was Pun
"Good kid, never emptied the dishwasher though.."
Layne Stayley

Scott Welland

Chris Cornell

Chester Bennington

.... Please no Eddie Vedder 

:'(
Is this somehow a meme? That’s like sixteen years, not near 25. I know this somehow has to be a joke but I just don’t get it.
Just a meme about the "fuck i'm old" feeling.
You do when you realize you've past 18 2x.  At least on some days.
It was shocking when for years I was always the young kid at work, like 10 years or more younger than co-workers.     Then one day I'm the 'old guy',  I'm the 10 years older dude and these young'ns are standing on my lawn.
As someone who's 44, everyone replying to you seems young to me.
Oh shit, my bad, I thought he died in the 90s.
and in 1937 the Golden Gate bridge was opened, the Hindenburg burnt &amp; Amelia Earhart went missing.

Benny Goodman topped the charts that year with '[Sing, Sing, Sing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2S1I_ien6A)"
The 9/11 one gets me. I’m 31 and dating a 25 year old and she said she was in second grade when 9/11 happened. I got lost for words trying to explain how different things were before compared to after. There’s no way to explain it
I play hockey with a bunch of girls in their early 20s, one night the rink attendant decided to have fun and played music between whistles at one of our games. No Doubt came on and the younger girls were loving it so I made a comment about Gwen Stefani being a beast and all of them were like, "Gwen Stefani was in No Doubt?"

I died a little inside that night.
I think someone could use some time in the angry chair.
There are No Excuses for making this thread, people!
hmm does baby jack have an alibi?
The Cubbies keep him alive. Don't worry about that one.
Ughhh unsubscribe. I miss that man.
That's a sweet song
If you gone to a game, the DJ defintley played Man In The Box at some point.
Im sure youre thinking of Cobain, who will be dead for 25 years next year.
Easy mistake since that was around the height of their popularity.
Dude, I'm 35 and I can't understand or relate to most of the new bands out these days.  For every band like Greta Von Fleet, The Interupters or Teenage Bottle Rocket that I will hear on Sirius and enjoy, there are a billion bands out there that I just can't deal with their crap, even in genres I enjoy.
Always get it stuck in my head. 

I'm pretty sure the Monsters Inc song was heavily influenced by Goodman too. 

https://youtu.be/neTk2HjCycc

I also want to say it was in The Mask too but can't remember, a bunch of modern movies use that song i think.
And before the internet, we had to watch Red Shoe Diaries or whatever else was on Showcase and their Friday Nights Without Borders.
I remember it being on the Simpsons episode where Grampa is courting Marge's mother, but Mr. Burns sweeps in and steals a dance to that song
Ohhh the nostalgia. It's gotta be one of those songs that has multigenerational meaning, it really does capture the heart of swing music.
I was at a tire shop not that long ago and they had on a classic rock station.  A Sublime song came on and it just hit me, this song I remember coming out is now being played on a classic rock station.  It honestly didn't feel like it was that long ago, but sure enough, 1996 was 22 years ago.  

Don't even get me on how it felt trying to explain to a younger co-worker what tape cassettes were.

Summary:
I have also never heard of them.
I'm 27 and we have an 18 year old kid at work.
yeah 25 years, that's what he said.
I think it's just more shocking how time gets away from you.
Oh I agree for sure, it gets me too.
Yeah, to the kid I worked with Kanye was kinda before his time.
(I think I would be more nervous of that... or it would just make me more nervous in general.)
The 9/11 one gets me.
I'm 28 and have a 20 year old co-worker.
I don't think you ever feel that far away from 18 lol.
I think MBDTF was his peak.
I'm 35 and I still feel closer to 18 than to 30.
I find you don't feel old until you're made to feel old.
Dude, I'm 35 and I can't understand or relate to most of the new bands out these days.
you can listen to a band without knowing who is in it.
I love Alice in Chains, but they were also played in my household.
Shit like that is jarring.
The kid was like "How do you remember shit like that?"
And that came out in 1991, 27 years ago.
