Original Response:
I’ve never been told it smells bad or anything but nobody has ate me out yet. I get really uncomfortable when a guy fingers me then sniffs his finger/ licks it because I’m worried it smells bad. I don’t even like for someone to lay on my lap because I’m afraid they’ll smell it. By the end of the day, my panties are always super wet like I’m leaking urine or something, so that doesn’t help anything. There’s no way I have any STIs because I’m a virgin.
If you smell super fishy, it could be bacterial vaginosis. This is common. Even if you aren’t sexually active. Sometimes new detergents, soaps and even an impending period can change the ecology of your vagina and cause an overgrowth of bacteria. 

Easy fix is to use boric acid suppositories. Insert them in your vagina, preferably at night, as they do dissolve and will cause a bit of discharge. Wear a thin panty liner the following day to avoid ruining your underwear. Most importantly, DO NOT INGEST THEM. They are poison. 

They are available at most health food stores and on Amazon. 600 mg capsule once per night for a couple nights (up to 7-10 days for resistant cases) should do the trick and pretty much render your vagina nearly odorless.
Boric acid is so underutilized!!!
I agree! I am 40 years old and have dealt with BV for almost 20 years. I had never heard of boric acid suppositories until a few years ago. My persistent BV issues used to have me running to my gyn for a RX of that nasty Flagyl (which you can’t consume alcohol while taking). I wish I had known about boric acid sooner. I would have saved money, time and frustration for sure.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Cool! Hope it works. I get inklings of BV just before each period and also after my man finishes inside me, so I do Amazon Subscribe and Save for the boric acid capsules! Haha!

Watery, thin, whitish or grayish discharge is another sign of BV, btw. But the big sign is a strong fishy smell. Normally, vaginas have a musky, salty scent. They should never smell fishy. 

Also, if things change and you have a partner who performs oral sex on you, be careful about letting him or her do so while you’re using the suppositories. I’m sure the risk is fairly small, but boric acid is poisonous to ingest. So I abstain from receiving oral sex while using them.
I use Boricap. Check out the reviews. For Subscribe and Save (which I like so I always have some on hand), it runs about $15 for a 30-capsule bottle. But I usually only use 4-6 capsules per month.
Yeah I don’t have an issue with BV but with yeast , and thankfully it’s also effective for that ! Like you I wish I had known years earlier , and yeah flagly is the absolute worst
oh my god thank you so much I just ordered some. I thought I was going to have to be on antibiotics my whole life.
[deleted]
Or, you know, a good way to murder a lover you don't like.  ;)
If you are virgin a bacterial vaginosis is less likely. Smell of your vagina is very probably normal and discharge too, so using boric acid would not be beneficial. Women wore skirts and underskirts and no panties in past... Now they have to use pantyliners. Submit your question to r/AskWomen or r/TwoXChromosomes and search those subreddits for "vagina smell". 

What you consider unpleasant smell, can make your male  partner madly carving for you. 

Napoleon to Josephine: 
&gt;Je reviens en trois jours, ne te laves pas. (I return in three days; don't wash!)
Yeah! She’s honestly probably just feeling insecure, which is totally normal. This comment needs to be higher up.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Commons sense approach to her problem, that is if she even has one. I understand OP's concern about odors but she really may not have a problem at all.
[removed]
I said “IF it smells fishy.” Calm your tits. Reading is fundamental.
It also burns with an eerie green flame if added to paraffin.
&gt;Reading is fundamental.

As is good judgment! Oh my good Lord, OP is sexually inexperienced and sounds young. This could just as easily be the case of a young woman who doesn't know enough about her own body to discern what is her normal smell vs someone with BV. 

Not to mention the sheer number of women who *think* their vagina "smells fishy" (subjective criterion by the way) because they believe it shouldn't smell at all. Hell, I was one of them.

Young women are already made to feel plenty awkward about their body - and particularly about their bodily odors.

The only proper medical advice to a post like this is, "Go to an OGBYN."
All I said was, if it smells fishy and there is a thin, watery whitish or grayish discharge... it’s likely BV. 

I am avoiding insulting the OP by implying she’s either too young or too inexperienced to understand.

Yes, a GYN can confirm BV. But if there are multiple symptoms of it, it’s likely that.
WAIT, Op!!!!

The woman who swears by boric acid has a history of getting infections! You do not!

BEFORE YOU BUY ANYTHING TO INSERT INTO YOUR VAGINA, see a doctor first! 

It sounds like you don’t have an infection. It would be bad for your vagina (and smell!) to put boric acid inside of it. It will affect your pH. It sounds like your vagina is in a healthy, normal mode. Please don’t mess it up by inserting something you read about on the internet.

Again, if you’re concerned about the smell, see your doctor. You can even go to your family doctor for this. Simply call and say you need an appointment because you’re worried you may have a vaginal infection and you’re worried that the smell is off.

Summary:
It would be bad for your vagina (and smell!)
They should never smell fishy.
Smell of your vagina is very probably normal and discharge too, so using boric acid would not be beneficial.
It sounds like you don’t have an infection.
Boric acid is so underutilized!!
All I said was, if it smells fishy and there is a thin, watery whitish or grayish discharge... it’s likely BV.
I had never heard of boric acid suppositories until a few years ago.
It sounds like your vagina is in a healthy, normal mode.
to put boric acid inside of it.
