Original Response:
I've aimed to get myself up there on a stage with a representative for the apology community since about 2012. I was seeing Hitchens, Harris, Dawkins and others on YouTube making valid points against apologists in packed auditoriums and debate forums, and I wanted in. When I tried my hand at discussion and debate with the dozens of active and passionate believers in Christ at my (then) naval command, it took me half a dozen or so exchanges to realize I was parroting them to the sentence. I didn't have a single original point outside the opinion that it felt reeeeally made it up to justify being on the side I was on. I was quoting these guys and standing on their word, and pointing out that the arguments for Biblical reality sounded weak when you said them out loud. 

I went to work internally, spent a good few years reading the Bible, and return to pitch this to you folks: The Bible is underwhelming on a 'disproving the whole thing' level in my opinion.

 If this is literally the cultural chronicle of the Hebrews, then it makes sense. It's the record of their shot at explanation and their own generations' version of Who was in charge. It really reads like scholars chose 'creating our origins' as their daily chore (as opposed to other options 5000 years ago) long after the point when people innovated from hardcore survival  into walled cities, water and food supply sustainment, clothing capability, language and writing. Then, compare its merit with all the other civilizations and their respective records. Makes sense. Makes sense how the story plays out from start to finish in what the current canon stands as in Abrahamic faith. 

This book says nothing at all about the REST OF THE WORLD.. At.. All. It describes a basic shot at cosmic creation, and then goes on to graphically describe the geohraphic piece of the world that the Hebrews came up and existed in, and that's it.    

If you open to Genesis, which is the foundation to every single chapter and verse in the story, you at most get to the 4th chapter before the reality is blown. Here, we've covered every. Single. Event. Since the world was created and all the events during humanity's time in it. There are 4 people on Earth. Then, once one kills the population down the 3, the 3rd is marked by God to denote the penalty of killing him in revenge. He flees to the East.. Where a wife and the rest of an entire population of people are waiting for him to join. Game over. You wrote this from a human point of view, with no guidance from whatever the 'cosmic programmer' could ever shake out to be. No one can use this book to explain reality, which at its heart is the Biblical Apology runs on. 

I don't mic drop because I'm not a fuckboy. In real life you don't rattle off a cool 3 minute monalogue and cut to the next scene. Discussions for the purpose of offering opinions and viewpoints on the subject are long. Having them in punlic and in the media can and has been the equivalent of a career for plenty of people. That's not my goal, but if you aren't already unloading on me for being an annoying, unoriginal or boring douche, I'm game to add at least one Internet and live forum debate personality to the ranks.

Thanks for your time.

Summary:
Since the world was created and all the events during humanity's time in it.
If this is literally the cultural chronicle of the Hebrews, then it makes sense.
I don't mic drop because I'm not a fuckboy.
