Original Response:
I may lost my virginity soon, heard that the first time he supposed to thrust slowly. Logically I cannot find any reason he cannot thrust fast. What will happen to me if he thrust fast? Anything to do with my hymen?
I mean technically yes but often the first time hurts and you would not want him being so aggressive immediately. The wrong angle or too much depth can definitely cause pain. I would just for your own safety start slow and if you feel okay then he can increase the pace.
Is the first pain come from the opening? Once he pass it, no more pain can feel.
Not necessarily. I’ve had regular sex for 10 years and it can still hurt me just depending on how it’s done. Was actually in pain for hours last time I had sex because of a particular angle and very hard and fast thrusting. Being your first time you don’t want any more pain than is necessary. That’s why I say start slow and work your way up. There is no need to rush right into hard fucking.
Thanks. Do you mean that during the first penetration, the pain will follow when he goes deeper and deeper? Anything to do with size?
I can’t tell you what it’s going to feel like only what it *could* feel like. I don’t know your vagina or his penis. It may not hurt at all. You could have a deep vagina or he could have a smaller penis. Or you could be the perfect fit and there is no issue. It’s just better to err on the side of caution until you know what you can handle.
Understand that everybody are different. I am not sure about my vagina size but his size like....OMG, he may split me into 2 if he put it into my body, so huge and thick.....
Then yeah I’d recommend going slow and have lube on hand in case you do not get wet enough or start to dry out. Make sure to have plenty of foreplay. Proper arousal allows the vagina to open up more which can help mitigate pain.
I have prepared the lube but not sure I can handle him or not. I am so scare. Hopefully there are no pain when he goes deeper and deeper.
If there is, tell him to stop. You can absolutely stop it if you feel pain or are uncomfortable. Please don’t be afraid to do so. You have no obligation to continue if it hurts.
It's so nice that you took the time to be so kind and patient while replying but I'm pretty certain this is just a troll account and sadly, probably some weirdo with a virgin fetish or something. (See post history dating back the past two years)
Ah damn and I’m normally so good about checking post history. Thanks for letting me know.
[deleted]
Thanks.
I wish people would see your comment and stop posting cuz damn they nasty. 2 years of does it hurt to be a virgin posts

Summary:
I don’t know your vagina or his penis.
2 years of does it hurt to be a virgin posts.
It may not hurt at all.
Being your first time you don’t want any more pain than is necessary.
