Original Response:
How would Rhonda have fared at AKA or Jackson-Wink (If Holly didn't train there)? 

I think a younger Cowboy could have gained alot from Team Elevation, Duane Ludwig could have seriously help tighten up his game alot more. Maybe Maia could learn to throw a punch properly at AKA. Who else could benefit from a switch of camps?
Ngannou could use some training at AKA, have DC and Cain wrestlefuck him for a couple months let him learn TDD/ Wrestling from the Goats.
In no universe is Cain a GOAT of anything aside from Bingo in his assisted living home.
http://imgur.com/AulFrZb.jpg
Do you just hate AKA guys or what.
Yeah.
That's pathetic.
Ngannou would do better at TriStar. He'd be more comfortable in a French speaking environment, and Firas is exactly what the doctor ordered for him.
Good point, Tristar would be a great fit and Firas is a wizard.
[deleted]
His wrestling certainly isn’t good either, he just uses his freak strength to do stuff reason stipe was able to win the grappling exchanges. If he has some technique behind that strength he would be a much better wrestler.
[deleted]
Your right on the mental part, he definitely needs to find a way to fix that that’s the biggest issue he has right now can’t argue with that.
I agree that Cain isn’t close to being the GOAT but there was probably a better way to put it
LOL beautiful champ
HAHAHAHHAHAH someone mod this man what a G
You know what, Bepis? I always knew you and I would get along eventually.
Dons recognise dons
I think firas would be great for him coaching wise but it's gotta be hard for any gym to have a whole lot of guys big enough to spar with a Ford escort right?
*Dumbs
Now fook.
- Said u/dmarty77 between mouthfuls of Cheetos
Have Rory and GSP grapple fuck him a couple sessions, I'm sure they can handle him
He looked fucking terrible late against Stipe. Cardio was a big issue there. 

Mental issues definitely were an issue in the Lewis fight, no one can possibly argue with you there. But he looked tired late in that one as well. Not nearly as gassed, but way more rider than a fighter ever should be after that little action. 

Obviously mental issues in his last fight need to be address, but you are pigeon-holing Ngannou to mental problems. He is obviously a worse wrestler than a lot of people near him in the rankings, his cardio is shit in the end of fights (if he isn’t able to avoid getting there), and has a mental block after Stipe. 

But only the last one has been present for 1 fight or less. The rest have been there for at least 3 ( Ngannou won against Blades but he definitely looked like he just went out and beat someone’s ass.
Too small. He could just out muscle them.
Do they even speak French at Tristar? Legitimately wondering. I don't think Zihabi does and the bigger names there don't speak it aside from GSP.
I live in Montreal as a student and this place is 65/35 French/English. I guarantee Firas speaks workable French at the very least, and everyone who trains  there probably works on it. In the student districts near McGill it's easy to get by with only English but you definitely feel like kind of a second class citizen if you don't speak it.
Was anybody surprised that Frances threw zero leg kicks? I figured after seeing him exposed by JDS, he would use that low calf kick. I thought he would come out and smash his leg and jab and force Stipe to engage. 

His tactic was slightly less refined.
They speak mostly English at tristar.

- someone who trains there
[deleted]
Gas is always going to be an issue for a fighter like Ngannou. A big fighter who throws bombs all the time isn't built for endurance. His TDD could definitely keep him alive longer, but he'd need to either change his approach(whether that means throwing less shots, or just throwing more combinations that aren't full power), or drop some muscle if he wants better stamina.
[removed]
lmao are you out your damn mind
Have y'all ever rolled with a smaller higher belt? They spidermonkey the shit out of you and before you know it the RNC is locked in.
Have y'all ever rolled with a smaller higher belt? They spidermonkey the shit out of you and before you know it the RNC is locked in. I'm sure GSP and Rory could do it to Ngannou, given his inexperience on the ground.
I have.

I am not as big or strong as Ngannou though.

I think the idea GSP and/or Rory can teach him to deal with what Stipe did is laughable.
MMA or kickboxing sparring it's not a great idea with the size difference. In pure grappling they can definitely hold their own and probably submit him.
yes i have, and no they do not. against novices, yes, but if you have a guy who weighs a legit 260 who has a year or two of training, as ngannou does, a 150-200lb blackbelt will have a hard time controlling, let alone submitting him.
[deleted]
They also wouldn't do weighted push down swing knee crush extentions as much there
I'm gonna start by being completely honest, I don't trane UFC so I'm probably talking out of my ass but isn't the point of training to learn proper technique? I've heard people say the same as you before, that stronger people can just muscle their way out of things but isn't that really stupid of the stronger person if the goal is to drill? If you just muscle your way out you're never gonna learn, and the moment you face an equally strong or stronger opponent with better technique you're fucksville. Am I out of line here?
I'm very much a novice, especially with grappling, so I don't have much more personal perspective than you. But I agree with what you are saying.

You absolutely should learn proper technique. The problem is that having a 170lb man and a 250lb man lying on top of you are completely different things and there are things he would do (with good technique) that would work on Rory or GSP which just wouldn't against Stipe.

Grappling with guys that much smaller than you just is different. Regardless of how good they are.
Damn, that's too bad. A Firas-trained Francis would be scary AF. Come to think of it I don't remember hearing a lot about Tristar heavyweights, they seem to attract a ton of lightweights and welterweights mostly from what my memory can serve. Then again, heavyweights are a rare breed so they're pretty fucked when it comes to finding good training/sparring partners from what I've heard. Anyhoo, thanks for giving me a good explanation, it made a lot of sense.

Summary:
Ngannou would do better at TriStar.
He could just out muscle them.
I am not as big or strong as Ngannou though.
Grappling with guys that much smaller than you just is different.
But I agree with what you are saying.
They speak mostly English at tristar.
Cardio was a big issue there.
If he has some technique behind that strength he would be a much better wrestler.
