Original Response:
&gt;lol that dude is fuucked if he falls off

If that armor is battle-tested and up to the standard of Medieval warfare, not really. He could certainly use some gloves and a DOT-approved helmet but that shit is literally meant to do its best to keep someone alive after they've received a lance blow and been knocked off their horse at high speeds.
&gt; DOT-approved helmet

DOT standards are so low this helmet probably qualifies, tbh.
I don't think dot stands in the UK
I don't think dot stands in the UK
A DOT approved helmet wouldn't be any more legal than what he's wearing. I'd like to see what he wears on his head when he's riding as that helmet doesn't look like a motorcycle helmet but maybe underneath all the decoration it is. BTW he's got gloves they're hanging by his waist.

&amp;#x200B;

I doubt if medieval style armour is as effective at impact absorption as modern gear.
I'm not so bold that I would make the claim that we've not made any advances in the realm of falling off of things at high speeds, my main point is that he would not suffer and end-all fate from a fall.
Knocked off their horse at 100km/h.
Dude, that armour would be like being inside a coke can getting crushed and run over with an angle grinder if you came off at a decent speed.
Isn't DOT basically the company saying: Yeah we tested our helmet ourselves &amp; they met the DOT spec. 

It's not like DOT actually inspects helmets themselves.
Byzantine Cataphracts are a bitch
[deleted]
Pretty much, yeah. The American-based NHTSA publishes the DOT standards and helmet makers must self-certify.
You may be right, he would probably slide well. 

&amp;#x200B;

BTW the way how do you like the GW250? My daughter is considering getting one.
I love my GW250, dude! I got it super cheap at the dealership for $2000 brand-new after all the dealer fees and I've taken it all the way out to the Blue Ridge Parkway. Absolute blast of a bike and I will miss it when I do eventually sell it.
Cheers, she was looking at a Kawasaki Z250Sl but there basically no options for luggage whereas there are plenty for the Inazuma so it's become an option. Always nice to hear what real users think of a bike.
I'm just using soft luggage for now with the Nelson Rigg 40L saddle bags, for what it's worth.

Summary:
I don't think dot stands in the UK.
I love my GW250, dude!
