Original Response:
As is the standard disclaimer, this took place on February 23, 2017. 

For a few days my back had been hurting, but I didn’t really care, as I was in my junior year of high school and I totally didn’t care enough. Worth mentioning was that I hadn’t felt the need to poo for a full week. 

To understand the importance of that statement, one has to understand that at the time I would take a crap regularly, as in once a day every day. So when I wasn’t clearing my pipes, it was a matter for concern. 

Back to the morning of February 23, I was in pain. I couldn’t sit up straight at school, I was constantly grunting to cope, but after the first few periods I was managing and it didn’t hurt me too much. When school was out, I was feeling like cash money, and decided I wanted to take a nap. Generally I don’t like to wear a shirt at home, but at the time I was very into inspecting my abdomen to see how it was shaping up. Classic teenage boy things. 

Anyways, after emptying the old trouser snake, I looked at my mirror and gave my midsection a peek. Instead of the sight of my normally rather flat stomach, I was greeted to my body being curved. The left side of my body was considerably more concave than the right, and that’s where it lined up with the hurt in my back. Panic ensued as I informed my mother. 

Fast forward a half hour, and I’m being inspected at a clinic. Of course, the doctors there are quite perplexed, and I need an x-ray. They inform me that I should probably head to the ER, since they don’t know what to do. 

At the ER, I of course get another x-ray. They wheel me around in a wheelchair, where I’m comically hunched to the side like the crooked man. I get scanned and it’s back to a hospital bed with me. Eventually, they pull my mother out to ask her a few questions and tell her what they think. At that point I’m going a mile minute, absolutely terrified of what it could be. One nurse mentioned kidney stones, which also happen to be one of my biggest fears. 

Imagine my surprise when my mom walks in with the doctor and asks me when the last time I “took a crap” was. I tried to recall and realized that I in fact could not remember. It was at that point the doctor informed me that I was absolutely filled with stool. I of course laughed, which hurt like the dickens. They gave me a muscle relaxant, pain killers, and a prescribed stool softener. 

The next few days were spent with me trying to drop a deuce after drinking a cup of water mixed with powdered laxative. I was met with the sounds of rushing air and no real substance time and time again, until finally the gates opened and I took my first real number 2 in days. 

To add to it, the more matter I defecated, the more relaxed the muscle became the straighter my body, so I was on a personal mission to push like my life depended on it. 


Tl;Dr I ended up in the hospital because I couldn’t give a shit and ended up spasming one of my back muscles. This was only remedied after days of trying to push some crap out with the help of medication. 

Edit from the toilet: It’s kinda wild how many people have said they’ve had a similar or the same problem. We all need to fix our diets. 

To clarify, what proooobably did it was me eating Mini Wheats cereal every morning for breakfast, a single Nutella to go every lunch, and then whatever my mother made for dinner which tends to be high in protein, medium in carbs, and little fiber. I would also sneak a solid bowl or two after school of Mini Wheats for Second Lunch. Love me some Mini Wheats.
After dropping a substantial deuce I feel very relaxed and satisfied. I can only imagine how good it must've  felt to expel 9 pounds of poop
Something like this. https://youtu.be/S376iimvXIQ
This was actually awkward because I didn’t truly feel that sensation for days after. When I finally got a ton out in one go, I felt light as a feather!
LOL without clicking the link i knew it was gonna be randy!
IBS-C here.  I know that feeling.
For real. One good dump can make my day
Hot hot hot hot hot
I had that, I think I still might, but I think when they first thought I had that it actually turned out to be SIBO so they put me on tetracycline for a month and then honestly it made a huge difference, my pain basically went away completely.
Poophoria is a real thing!

That relaxing feeling is amazing!
I took a shit once that felt like this. I didn't realize how much it was until I felt the tip of my dick graze the fucker. This was at a hotel, and I had to break it up over the course of a few hours by pouring hot water into the bowel. I was scared to even flush.
lol that's fucking disgusting

Summary:
Hot hot hot hot hot.
I took a shit once that felt like this.
Back to the morning of February 23, I was in pain.
I of course laughed, which hurt like the dickens.
This was actually awkward because I didn’t truly feel that sensation for days after.
