Original Response:
Awesome moment for you, good job. But kinda odd they don't have extra jerseys or one that fit him originally.


Still a classic is with Theo Fleury trying to wear a fans autographed jersey in the regular season haha. Can't seem to find the clip anywhere though...
I don’t think want to bother with the extra weight. Stars have had jersey issues in the past. 

https://ftw.usatoday.com/2016/10/nhl-teams-have-uniform-mix-up-wear-same-color-jersey-to-preseason-game
Yes! This is the first thing that came to my mind too. I remember watching that game as a kid. I think it was because Fleury got a bunch of blood all over his jersey, the refs tried to kick him off, so he grabbed some fans while he was walking to the tunnel?
What was the reason it was disallowed? I can’t remember if it’s because it was autographed or the wrong manufacturer.
They probably have extras with - but not with names on them. If he realized he didn't like the fit early on during warm ups, they may have had time to quick make up one, but during the game it's a bit late.   


A few years back during an All Star game, they had the names on the jerseys, but not the C/A patches, so they were frantically sewing them on before the game - the Packers equipment manager (huge hockey fan) was there and they pulled him to help get the jerseys ready right before they had to go on the ice.  


The more you knoooooooooow
Don't want bother with extra word either when few word do trick
I don't think the officials ever disallowed it, but Theo handed it back when he realized it was autographed.
They wouldn't let him wear it because the autographs.
Many small time make big time
When you president, they see.
When me equipment manager, they see. They see.
people actually wear autographed jerseys to games?
Interesting, I wonder how they knew he was there.
Well for that one the Stars were marked as the road team so we brought our whites, while the Panthers were on a road trip so they also only brought their whites ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
What are you going to do with all that time?
All the time!
PA: "Good evening guests. Do we have any equipment managers in the building?? We have an emergency!"

Packer EM, to his wife: "Duty calls, hun. Hold my braut."
Dudes one of the nicest people I've met
see world
He's (Red) really close with the NHL guys - He's from Canada and I believe he may have been an equipment manager for an NHL team forever ago. I've read some articles on him saying he's kind of one of the OGs of the equipment world - he's all for new technology, but only if he can test the crap out of it and see definite benefits. There was a piece of equipment that he basically introduced the NFL to, and now it's in the NHL because of him..... And I can't remember what exactly it was for the life of me. And on the opposite side, the NHL used some uniform sanitation equipment that Red introduced to the NFL. He worked with Gretzky for several of his camps. 

He's an insanely interesting guy - I first met him because he walked up to me out of the blue, handed me his Super Bowl 45 ring, introduced himself, told me to take some pictures and he'd be back for the ring in a bit, and walked away. I'll see if I can find one of the articles on him... 

[Found one](https://nationalpost.com/sports/cfl/a-super-bowl-equipment-managers-lifetime-of-tales/)
Having spent some time in the Western edge of the UP during the winter, you had better like hockey if you are going to live up there. Cool stuff.
All their jerseys have issues, they're all missing an N.......too soon?















Also, FUCK NORM GREEN!
It's risky, but I have a couple "special" jerseys (like the military warmups, or the charity event jerseys) which are always signed and I will wear them out to games.  What's the point if they're just sitting in a closet?

I do have my autographed (and personalized) Lemieux jersey framed and hanging up, but that's about it.
wait are you saying sea world, or see the world
[both teams showing up to the game like](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/023/397/C-658VsXoAo3ovC.jpg)
Seriously. I was with some Vikings fans when he handed me his Super Bowl ring, and they had to pick their jaws off the ground over the shock that someone would do that. Not only do you get small town GB nice with him, you get \*Canadian\* nice.
To VIKINGS fans, no less.
They were saying that would never happen in Minneapolis. I responded that it obviously would never happen, because they don't have one of those rings ;)
Oh fuck ya bud
Quiet you.  
  
Edit: am Vikes fan
the point is to display them. I have 5 framed autographed jerseys (with 3 more waiting to get framed). Def don't leave em in the closet
I frame and display mine. So say you get ketchup or some shit on the jersey, you gonna wash it?
I still love you guys. In the off season.
You watch Letterkenny by chance?
I agree. I would never wear an autographed jersey to the game, but I have seen others do it all the time.
Yup
See world. Oceans. Fish. Jump. China.
Hell yeah, so fuckin funny. Gonna go have my self a dart now that were talkin about it lol.
depends on the autograph.

Gretzky, no.  Jeff Petry, sure why not.
Brat
And that's what we appreciates about ya.
See, I still don't know which one you're talking about
I thought you were not allowed to wear a jersey that does not have fight straps.....
I know lol but anytime I post outside of a Wisconsin sub I spell it as braut or brawt so people don't think I'm referencing a misbehaved child
[deleted]
Google says braut = bride (German). So really. They are the same.
Wearing them is another way of displaying them
wow that's like buzzfeed for sports, i just got way too sucked in.
I just got a game worn jersey from the charity auction and it's going to be framed and hung up. if I ever get a chance to go to a game where I could possibly get an autograph, I'll take it and wear it, but otherwise I plan to leave it hanging up. I'm so clumsy I'd be afraid to fall or spill something on it.
I wish my sports rivalry was this nice :(
How're ya now?
You could just say bratwurst...
Too soon? Our jerseys look great with the BIG D on them.
settle down there squirrelly dan.
Well that answers a wedding night mystery.
All joking aside, the North Stars sweater was one of the best looking.
I've never once heard that word spoken aloud in conversation haha
Huh, why? Bratwursts aren't exactly an exclusive Wisconsin thing.
Wasn't there another story about a player having to leave the ice for the blood rule and staff just running to get a new jersey from the team store?
Can confirm
Get it dry cleaned.  I have a NYR jersey from 1996 that's in pristine shape, mainly because I get it dry cleaned once in a while (like once a year, if that, depending on wear) to keep it fresh.

&amp;#x200B;

That said, it's definitely not autographed, and drycleaning would destroy (or put a serious dent in)  any marker on it.
[removed]
You simply have not had enough conversations then. Go hang out at the butcher shop for a few hours. You'll get there.
Good 'n you?
Bonnie McMurray
Ironically, I wear my Theo Fleury autographed CCM Vintage throwback jersey all the time!
This is something that I actually inquired about to the Islanders when Bill Guerin was on the team. I had noticed an “anomaly” with a road jersey and genuinely wanted to know why there was a difference. 

These posts are from almost 11 years ago:

http://www.islesblogger.com/2007/12/08/129/stripe-gate

And revisited:

http://www.islesblogger.com/2007/12/16/140/stripe-gate-revisited

My inquiry actually got the jersey removed from rotation. 

In the end, players swap jerseys mid game all the time, but they may not have had Radulov’s spare with them as it was a preseason game. 

There’s more description on my blog but here’s a snippet:

“After we were done with the post game press conference and locker room interviews tonight, I tracked down Corey again for an update. Corey told me that the equipment managers found that one jersey was indeed missing the patch. Guerin, like many other players rotates jerseys throughout the course of a game (Corey mentioned some players rotate as many as 2 or 3 depending on preference), and this is the reason why the patch would be there in some shots and be missing in others. He then went on to tell me that he was surprised the jersey was missing the patch, as they don’t sew them on – they are shipped as is from Reebok. He then explained that he was even more surprised that Guerin or anyone else didn’t notice and ask the issue to be addressed – because the players notice the smallest details when it comes to uniforms. Corey told me that he and the equipment managers actually looked at the photos in my blog entry and were amazed it took so long to come to light.”

This story was actually picked up by a rather large uniform blog at the time, as well.
it's not autographed so what are you even talking about?
ohh definitely, but what you gonna do if you get it dirty, wash it?
You wanted to know how best to wash it, I'm telling you.
I wish my teams' rivals took my team seriously. :(
Yes? Hand wash the affected area.
The Nashville Predator's  Adidas "authentic jersey"'s have fight straps,  possibly all of the Adidas ones do.
Mine don't :( NFL-wise I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Nothing to take seriously in years.
[deleted]
Super neat article, thanks for posting it!
I was born and raised in Ironwood and played through high school hockey there before juniors and college. Plenty of people like hockey, but there are plenty that also don't give a shit.
They were also playing in Tulsa for the game so I doubt they traveled with many extra home jerseys. He also changed between periods so I’m guessing it was just easier to borrow it from the guy by the glass.
Should have asked for the jersey for your collection.
I wish, part of having a credential involves not doing stuff like that. I wouldn’t trade my time around an NHL team for anything. 

Truly blessed there.
best way to wash it when it's autographed. That's kinda the entire point of my comment
Grew up in northern Wisconsin, we didn’t have hockey but the town next to us did. Unfortunately, most of the towns were too small to support a hockey program.
This was a fanatics jersey which dont even have fight straps.
Not gonna happen, sorry
That joke was the wurst
Yeah, I think if it's autographed by a current player, I'd wear it out... some people try to get their jerseys signed by all the players on a given team.

But absolutely, that Bure one would be on display somewhere.
Not so bad.

Summary:
people actually wear autographed jerseys to games?
What are you going to do with all that time?
When me equipment manager, they see.
I frame and display mine.
I do have my autographed (and personalized) Lemieux jersey framed and hanging up, but that's about it.
See, I still don't know which one you're talking about.
best way to wash it when it's autographed.
it's not autographed so what are you even talking about?
I thought you were not allowed to wear a jersey that does not have fight straps.....
Corey told me that the equipment managers found that one jersey was indeed missing the patch.
I remember watching that game as a kid.
I would never wear an autographed jersey to the game, but I have seen others do it all the time.
I responded that it obviously would never happen, because they don't have one of those rings ;)
This was a fanatics jersey which dont even have fight straps.
So say you get ketchup or some shit on the jersey, you gonna wash it?
