Original Response:
Please utilize this sticky thread for all general **Bitcoin** discussions! If you see posts on the front page or /r/Bitcoin/new which are better suited for this daily discussion thread, please help out by directing the OP to this thread instead. Thank you!

Daily threads are fast paced! If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow.

We have a couple chat rooms now. Come say hello.

* [General](https://s.reddit.com/channel/872992_609338364f5a4ced9f9431a4da06076a6ec995dd)

* [Price Talk](https://s.reddit.com/channel/872992_d38a28dd2ee2efae707c89ce6491650e4a1bc078)

Please check the [previous discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/9iqivb/daily_discussion_september_25_2018/) for unanswered questions.
What happens to the price if Donald Trump tweets the word Bitcoin ?
MOON
Good question. If all he does is tweet “Bitcoin”, it won’t have much of an effect. But, if he tweets, “I bought some Bitcoin and will work with SEC to approve Bitcoin ETF.” Bitcoin will skyrocket. If he tweets “Bitcoin is a threat to world order and democracy and it’s very suspect.” Bitcoin’s price will fall. Obviously, Trump has the ability to influence stock prices as we have witnessed directly from his Chinese tariffs/trade wars and indirectly via his day-to-day sentiment in the form of tweets. So, Trump has the ability to influence Bitcoin price based on the message from his tweet.
Hold on let me make a phone call..
Agree. I was thinking more along the lines of just the word "Bitcoin". I wonder if he was bullish if he would print some money to pump the Bitcoin price like he does when the stock market is down xD
If Trump said "I hate Bitcoin, it's bad and no good at all!" the MSM would run 24/7 coverage of how great Bitcoin is for at least a month.
Explaining bitcoin to trump would be like explaining sex to a 6 year old. He’d probably be very interested, maybe even excited, but in the end he’d understand very little of the actual mechanics, comprehend none of the value, end up quite confused, and ultimately be unable to use any of the information practically for at least 6-7 years.
🤣
[deleted]
I love people who try to reconcile their view that Trump is “dumb” while at the same time he destroyed two political dynasties, overcame MSM 95% negative media coverage, his opponent having more money, full Wall Street support, full mainstream media support and top DOJ/FBI/CIA officials interfering in election and post election (silent coup) by weaponizing fisa courts/surveillance against him on behalf of his opponent. She also got debate and town hall questions ahead of time. He STILL won. 

Then there’s the elimination of isis, record stock market, tax cuts, record low unemployment and a magic wand for not 3% but above 4% gdp in less than two years. 

Tell me again how he’s sooooo dumb. If he’s so dumb, how dumb must his opponents be following 2+ years of constant losing while watching him succeed.
He is a political phenomenon, and thick and ignorant as fuck.
Shhhh - you don’t want to upset the crybaby’s fantasy
[deleted]
The idea that ignorance could ever help in decision-making is a Trumpism in itself.  Nice work.
[deleted]
Yawn.
[deleted]
Fox much?
Who needs fox or mainstream media? Typically months/year behind the news. Here’s a few predictions (order tbd) 

Kav gets confirmed &gt; Fisa declassification via IG Michael Horowitz &gt; rosenstein resigns &gt; mueller investigation over &gt; public announcement of officials involved in fisa abuse under investigation &gt;  hello sessions, hello John Huber 

We’ll check again before December end. 

Hopefully most checked off before mid terms though.
Hey, I voted for Trump
Well, that just means you’re probably a dipshit, too.
Yea, because all you liberals is resist, thats it. And you want free healthcare, UBI and free college? States like NY, CA, WA, highest taxed state in the country?
lolz
God damn youre retarded
Machiavelli89 this is not a political subreddit and damn your stupidity is amazing. You’re giving the pale skinned orange mutant with small hands...way too much credit. Trump did not win with Americans, Hillary won - she got more votes. Trump just happened to win key decisive electoral college states like Michigan, Wisconsin, Ohio and Pennsylvania by a really small margin because there are countless uneducated white males in those states and uneducated people is his bread and butter. The fact that you’re signifying elimination of ISIS is laughable and really shows your delusion so much that I won’t even get into that with you. The record stock market and record low unemployment was all inherited from Obama’s efforts. Basically, you could’ve put a monkey in office in 2017 and would’ve gotten the same results. And mentioning tax cuts makes you a serious dipshit...oh a teacher making $28,000/yr gets a $16/month tax cut thanks to Trump. Whoopey Doo. Meanwhile, corporations and billionaires get billions of $$ in tax cuts and a much larger break than poor people. How is it they don’t pay their fair share in taxes and poor and middle school pay great percentages? I can you’re completely a Trump-loving irrational person that really thinks Trump has made America great again making fun of women, handicap people, Mexicans, Muslims, war veterans like John McCain...but of course you support Trump because you’re a spineless little weasel.
Goodness I actually agree with BcashBeTrash for a change.
So emotional. So much hatred. I am starting to think you didn’t take the last election so well. I am also starting to think you won’t be able to psychologically handle the upcoming consequences following fisa declassification.  Going to be a long 6 years. 

For Trump being so stupid and doing such a bad job, Obama sure does love to take credit for all the things he’s apparently not doing well. 

Kav confirmed &gt; fisa declass &gt; bye Rod Rosenstein &gt; bye Mueller investigation &gt; hello John Huber
That's why it's so damn difficult to even debate politics and policies with so many trump supporters- you have to go down to their level of analysis and and understanding, like 4th grade level. Speaking from my own experience, and I'm sure yours too, they don't even entertain other views. But what's worse I think are the smart trump supporters who somehow deluded themselves into believing in trump and his way of working.
The dude sniffs Republican ass pretty hard. Seriously, he’s like a brainwashed little child wearing that goofy red “Make America Great Again” hat everywhere he goes. People like Machiavelli are walking stereotypes. You can read him like a book. He drives a huge pickup truck to compensate for his extremely tiny penis. He watches NASCAR, drinks lots of Coors Miller and other shitty redneck beer, is a proud NRA gun-slinging member, has absolutely no non-white friends, listens to country Cajun music - thinks Johnny Rebel is the greatest thing next to the sliced white bread and mayonnaise in his fridge, will normally fuck his cousin every other weekend after praying to white Jesus, speaks in the most annoying redneck Southern accent, wears his hand-me-down overalls with no shirt underneath exposing his nipples publicly, 98% chance he has a mullet and regularly abuses his wife after she calls him out for his failures and inadequacies in life.

All that said, I cannot understand why this redneck is in a Bitcoin subreddit. It’s like he’s lost looking for the Confederate subreddit.

Summary:
If Trump said "I hate Bitcoin, it's bad and no good at all!"
Hey, I voted for Trump.
What happens to the price if Donald Trump tweets the word Bitcoin ?
So, Trump has the ability to influence Bitcoin price based on the message from his tweet.
I was thinking more along the lines of just the word "Bitcoin".
If all he does is tweet “Bitcoin”, it won’t have much of an effect.
All that said, I cannot understand why this redneck is in a Bitcoin subreddit.
I wonder if he was bullish if he would print some money to pump the Bitcoin price like he does when the stock market is down xD.
