Original Response:
Background- My DH and I have been together 7 years and married for 5. We're both in high-stress careers (law enforcement and military) and are frequently on opposite shifts for the better part of the month. We have an awesome 2 year old daughter, and her birth was somewhat traumatic for me (emergency C-section, really hard fight to breastfeed). We are comfortable- we have a three-bedroom house, and we're working on paying off the not-too-high debt we have. 

&amp;#x200B;

DH \*really\* wants a son, and I've been telling myself that I can take one for the team, suck it up, and give him one more pregnancy to see if we can make that happen, but in therapy recently I brought it up with my doctor and he said that not only is that not fair to me, but given that I have depression already and am being medicated for it, another baby could very easily result in postpartum depression. The day after that therapy session, I brought it up with DH and told him I would like to get my tubes tied because hormonal birth control affects me badly. He was vehemently opposed to it. I told him a TL is reversible and he refused to believe me ("No it isn't, they burn your tubes!")- him not believing things until he hears them from someone else has been a thing our entire relationship. He wouldn't let me get the dog neutered until the vet told him the exact same things I'd told him about why it's beneficial. He dismissed everything I told him about definitely, for sure not wanting another baby, saying that I'd be getting baby fever again in a few years and "When we have another baby" over and over. I ended up shutting down and changing the subject to avoid getting angry. 

&amp;#x200B;

How do I talk to him to make him understand that I'm serious? My next therapy appointment is in two weeks and I will for sure be discussing this with my doctor, but until then I'm just really struggling to not get angrier and more resentful of being dismissed and treated like a fickle child who doesn't know her own mind.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

\*\*TL;DR- I'm good with one kid, husband wants another. He isn't taking me seriously, how to get him to understand?\*\*
&gt;DH *really* wants a son

Ok, and all else aside... what if you did get pregnant again and it was a daughter?
Yeah I don’t get this at all. I understand having a slight preference once you find out you’re pregnant, but really shouldn’t you just hope for happy healthy babies and a happy healthy mum? And in this case it sounds like there likely wouldn’t be a happy healthy mum so he should back off.
Isn't this what Henry VIII did back in Tudor England? He kept demanding a child until he received a son/heir.
I knew a family who did this but they gave up after 6 daughters.
He kept doing it even after hr had a son because his son turned out to be a super ill child and died at the age of 12 :/
More accurately,he kept banishing/beheading/divorcing wives in the search to get a son.
[removed]
My grandmother really wanted a daughter. Nine sons later...
[removed]
Yep, OP, I think you need to think about this.  If you have another daughter, would your husband keep pushing you to have more children until one is a son?  That's not fair to you at all, or to your daughters.
His son was 15 when he died and he died after Henry did.
I was sure he died before, but the age sounds about right yeah.  I thought Henry kept marrying other women for more heirs due to the fact he was sure his son wasn't going to live to adulhood.
He did; he had two sons. His bastard son died when he was in his early teens, his legitimate son wasn't born until later.
1st wife had many children, all stillborn or died within months except 1 daughter. 2nd wife only had one surviving girl. He got a son from his 3rd wife. She died two weeks after giving birth. His 4th wife he thought was ugly and Divorced her, no sex. His 5th wife never got pregnant and was beheaded for cheating. His 6th wife didn't have any children. 

Some historians say Edward was a frail child, some dont. 

It's also believed that King Henry may have had syphilis and that's why there were so many still births.
Edward was pretty sickly even as a child, and Henry always wanted more children, more sons, as men always did in those days. Kids died a lot more frequently due to sickliness. However, his later wives had less to do with him seeking sons, it was more so his first two marriage to Katherine and Anne. His third, Jane, who gave him Edward died due to childbirth. He did not like his fourth wife and never consummated with her; it was more a political marriage than anything as he needed the support of his country for potential war. He ended up falling in lust with his fifth wife, marrying her shortly after. By this time he was old and fat, and she was very young. His last wife was probably a marriage of expectancy, and was probably borne out of fondness for her, but she wasn't at a particularly fertile age. 

It's really fascinating. Just stroll through the wiki sometime.
The way this usually works is then you end up with two girls, and it's fine.   Most people aren't completely insane.
[removed]
Ironically, his daughter Elizabeth I ended up being one of England's most beloved and accomplished monarchs.
Mneh, I was taught about him back in year 9 and I've never found Tudor history very interesting. But thanks for clearing it up!
Several more than that, actually. I'm no Tudor scholar but off the top of my head I can think of four live born sons that Henry VIII fathered.

Henry, Henry, Henry, and Edward.

That's not a joke. Henry, Duke of Cornwall. Henry Fitzroy. Henry Carey.
[removed]
This is some Bob Newhart Show "This is my brother Darryl, and this is my other brother Darryl" shit.
My dad was his parents' first child, and my grandfather (who was the only boy in a family of girls) insisted that they keep going until he had a brother. My uncle came along four kids later, and not too long after that, my grandparents' marriage floundered and my grandmother was left to raise the kids.
Yes, you're totally right, I forgot about his first son who lived for a month, and Henry Carey
The daughter he had with Anne Boleyn out of all those wives.
Well, to be fair, not having a son and heir could well have led to civil war over the throne when England had just got out of a fucking huge one in his father's reign if memory serves. And it sort of did, it was a pretty vicious time at court after Edward died. But between Henry and Mary, the religious upheaval was enough to make people grateful for a sane ruler by the time Elizabeth got to the throne, vagina notwithstanding.
He was widowed once as well. And after he finally got his (legitimate) son.

Summary:
Henry, Henry, Henry, and Edward.
He did; he had two sons.
He got a son from his 3rd wife.
My grandmother really wanted a daughter.
His son was 15 when he died and he died after Henry did.
That's not fair to you at all, or to your daughters.
Yeah I don’t get this at all.
I was sure he died before, but the age sounds about right yeah.
