Original Response:
I just had my main and the accounts my siblings created all banned.

When the promotion went live on the 20th we got 3 sets a codes.  We used our phones to get codes and they created two new accounts and applied a heroic and outfit code to my main.  I had applied the outfit code from my youngest siblings account on my paid account because one did not work.

We were very excited to finally have a game to play together and played Thurs and Friday.  We return today to play this morning and we were banned. All of us.  My main paid account included.  Hour of progress and game play down the shitter.

I plan to submit a support ticket, only if my CC company does not let me do a charge back.  The free accounts are not such a loss, we would have just made another with no codes.  But, really my main account with paid expansions and a few 1000 hours logged?  

Not looking for any resolution here.  I just want to warn players that these codes are a risk to your accounts, especially if they come from other players.  

But, damn one hell of a promotion for us.  "Here is a free ban, Come try our product!"
So the people who cheat in pvp or wvw or even sell a leaderboard place get suspensions 

People who bot with rangers/necroes in maps get moved around and get the mob drops stealth nerfed .

And ppl who go for badly made and organized anet promotion get banned .  Good thing I stayed far away from the whole kung fu tea thing
This is quite a good statement of facts. Leaves a bitter taste in my mouth.
Just send them gold from a gold seller! 

/s
and do raids cm exploiters get their achievements reset? naah, lets add a new achievement instead!
Does it taste like bubble tea?
If I drank tea, the Kung Fu type would most definitely be so lol
&gt; Leaves 

-.-
Soylent tea is made out of Sylvari! Spread the word!
Hey, I don't mind. More AP for the rest of us.
That one still makes my blood boil. Pretty much worse than doing nothing at all.
don't worry they also did nothing at all for dhuum cm
Good thing I didn't hear of it till the complaints.
I'd rather them do nothing, than give raiders more AP, when the overall game is starving.
Who knows? I'm sure never going to be buying the stuff now.
i have a feeling some of these bans are coming from people who followed a guide to get these codes thru a vpn and they forgot to turn it off in time and their account got flagged due to that public vpn
&gt; /s

is it really though? It might actually work...
Is it illegal to play GW2 with a VPN?
It is likely just an algorithm that accidentally hit accounts that shouldn't have been targeted.

Don't panic, do complain, do send in a support ticket.
No but it's likely to get you flagged as a potential hacker because a lot of them use VPNs to circumvent IP bans.
I actually used to like kung fu tea! I don't like how they handled this promotion at all. Time to find a new boba tea place:(
You can make it yourself for cheap and it'd be leagues better than KFT's crap, I bet.
VPNs are prevalent enough that IP bans are unlikely, especially with how much information they record on your hardware.
Just go to philippines and get Zagu.  It has those big tapioka balls but they dont lie and call it tea.  Theyre literally just shakes wif those balls and its a calorific wonder.
Try Sharetea, it's my favorite!
&gt; It might actually work...

it literally does work, someone recently made a post about it. his buddies sent him gold from a seller "as a prank"
I actually really like KFT :( I've been going there long before they teamed up to do this promo though...
Personally I don't find the outfit particularly attractive. If it was just a top armor piece then fine, but I didn't have a very compelling reason to pursue it. Glad I didn't get caught up in this mess.
Depends on whether you buy tapioca balls premade or not. Making those from scratch is a pain in the ass and more.
Oh yeah I saw that one, I know it works. I mean, does it work on people who are apparently outside the rules? (i.e. pvp/wvw cheaters)

Summary:
I actually used to like kung fu tea!
I just had my main and the accounts my siblings created all banned.
I don't like how they handled this promotion at all.
&gt; /s

is it really though?
Glad I didn't get caught up in this mess.
My main paid account included.
