Here is a summary of the text in approximately 10% of its original length, consisting of sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

Man if Trudeau falls for that trap, that would really put the shit in the fan. Full constitutional crisis.
That's not what the notwithstanding clause was meant to be used for. It's a gross abuse of power for petty, selfish reasons.

Bite the pill and if people still aren't happy in 4 years kick Ford out and re-increase the number of councillors.
I always find it weird when people use the phrase "constitutional crisis" to refer to politicians using powers explicitly granted to them in the constitution. Is what Ford is doing now dickish? Yup.

Constitutional crisis means that the constitution is put in question. Which is what I think will happen is the power of disallowance is used over this.
He was elected as Premier of a province, not to meddle in a municipal election of only ONE city in the entire province.

He's crippling Toronto, and I dearly hope it doesn't fuck over the rest of the country because of his boorish and petulant behaviour.
It's legitimate to say that could spark a constitutional crisis, though that's not always a bad thing. A crisis can lead to a better constitution sometimes, it's not as negative a term as it sounds.

I'm not arguing the righteousness of the actions simply saying that his base supports it and makes him look shiner in their eyes.
Please remind me when doug ford said during the elections that he was going to use the NWS clause to supersede the judiciary. Because that isn't something the people of ontario or the city of toronto elected him to do.

I think Ford using the nonwithstanding clause to ram through legislation that was never discussed on the campaign trail and which was found unconstitutional, while claiming he would do it again whenever he wants to would be a bit different than Trudeau using disallowance at the request of the currently legitimate and duly elected Toronto city council to stop the violation of peoples rights.