Here are the selected sentences from the original text, separated by newlines:

She balked at the “socialist” label, but Québec solidaire’s platform includes the total or partial nationalization of Quebec’s banking system.

includes the total or partial nationalization of Quebec’s banking system

Alberta already tried this once and was told no. Can’t imagine Quebec would be allowed either.

You are right, they aren’t separatist. But their platform is all about making Quebec stronger in the federal level. Like having your kid want you to pay them while they live at home at 30.

That’s actually untrue.

Like voting for the PQ and have them come up with silly idea like the *Charter affirming the values of State secularism and religious neutrality and the equality between women and men, and providing a framework for accommodation requests*?

I am always surprised when people don’t vote for a party in Quebec because the party is pro-separation, especially when the party does not plan on doing a referendum in its first mandate.

Ndpq? Green?

Have you considered that people are capable of lying?

You keep putting words into my mouth. It’s not only annoying but it demonstrates that you’re not here to argue with me in good faith.

I don’t see the harm in Quebec being allowed to make more decisions that are different from the rest of Canada, as long as it pays for them itself.

It has also probably saved some of these regions from separating, especially Catalonia and Scotland, since separatists and federalists (or whatever they call their equivalents there) can tolerate the situation.

Was it not in the last election (if not also this one) where they said no referendum for 10 years, or no referendum until the 2nd term.

Say what you want about the CAQ, but if your leader both doesn’t know the current immigration policy let alone the only bilingual province in Canada, I have a hard time believing he has a level of understanding of general things such that he should be Premier.

I am not a separatist, but the QS candidate in my riding is the only one that has talked about issues facing my riding.

Unfortunately, the best party for an English Quebecer isn’t the best party it’s about picking the party least likely to trample on me. These days, it isn’t all that clear.

You don’t know what you’re talking about at all. If someone wants to immigrate to any other province, they apply to Canada (although the process might also involve some form of recommendation by a province, like some kind of skilled worker programme or whatever else), whereas someone intending to settle in Quebec must apply to both Quebec and Canada, with Canada mainly being involved in the security aspect but having no say over other aspects (i.e. assets/income, education, skills, etc).