Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

Because evolution is a lie and a tool created and used by satan to push people away from God
Maybe but the evidence seem to support the theory, more so than the creation account given in the bible.
The foundation is literally everything came from nothing and bacteria eventually transformed into humans... scientists can’t even fully understand concepts like dreams or how the brain works yet you think they know how we came into existence?
Wrong, are you sure you're talking about evolution?
scientists can’t even fully understand concepts like dreams or how the brain works
yet you think they know how we came into existence?
Evolution doesn’t have anything to do with the origins of life. It’s a description of the observed changes of generations due to genetic variations and mutations with natural selection for advantageous traits.
The evidence is very weak.
The evidence for evolution is stronger than many other scientific theories.
i said "fully".
Nobody, scientist or not, can understand something fully.
do not be a fool.
God created everything.
to believe in evolution is to go against the words of God
how many times have scientists been wrong?
how many times has God ever been wrong?
Many 
None  
Evolution says bacteria evolved into humans over the course of billions of years... the Bible clearly states that God created humans. Do not be a fool! You're believing the word of man over the word of God
Yes, but the Bible doesn't state how God created humans, does it? 
Evolution is not the word of man, it's an observed, measured, natural phenomenon. Or do you believe too that gravity is the word of man?
You’re confusing phenomena with the theories that that explain them.
Tell that to me and other the other LGBT Christians who love Christ and are beloved by him. You’ve lost the script, mate. I’ll be praying for you.
How would it push people away from God?
The Bible is not the Word of God.
And what does gravity have to do with anything.
You’re right I shouldn’t have said that. My apologies, I deleted it. I just don’t see how you can believe in both the bible and evolution. Evolution basically states that men and the earth were developed over millions to billions of years. The Bible says the earth is thousands of years old. That is a direct contradiction to the word of God.
The earth is billions of years old.
The Bible is silent on the age of the earth.
And how does evolution contradict Jesus?
And how do you know that to be the absolute truth? How many times have scientists been wrong? How many times has God been wrong? 
Evolution goes against the Bible because in the Bible it says that God created man. Never does it mention the process of “evolution”.
Genesis 2:7 KJV
And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
That’s a symbolic metaphorical writing, not an actual HOW.

(Note: The total number of words is 246, which is below the 10% threshold.)