Here is the extracted summary:

Proper etiquette would have been them asking you if you were ok with them doing this, but they failed to do that. "Shut the fuck up, I was asleep" would have been a completely appropriate response on your part.

Yeah but this response also automatically earns you the nickname "Buzz Killington"
> Proper etiquette would have been them asking you if you were ok with them doing this, but they failed to do that.

Good point, from that moment on: anything goes.
"Fuck off you guys, I'm sleeping"

"Want me to join in for a lil' tower bridge?"

They started it..
It's a big hotel... go find another place!   

Most creative sex-spots I've ever had were because the bed wasn't available.

Can you give me some pointers? I'm an anxious person and would hate to be found.
[deleted]
It's not for the anxious, mate ;)

Idunno: walk through the hotel, check random doors if they are unlocked (i took my gf to a laundry room once). Most hotels are like a big maze, usually there is something. Toilet stalls are usually quiet that time of night. Go outside, find a dark spot in a park, that kind of stuff.

Don't be too worried that you're found.. hotel staff have probably seen it all. You're just having sex, it's not like you're practicing an embarrassing fetish no one's supposed to know about.

Edit: in case of OP: I'd at least have put my sheets\matress on the floor of the showers, and done it there.
> You're just having sex, it's not like you're practicing an embarrassing fetish no one's supposed to know about.

You just doomed some poor hotel workers to a live viewing of furry BDSM shit-eating in their lobby. Hope youre proud.

Toilets are surprising ergonomic if you're trashy enough
"Shut the fuck up or shut up while you fuck" Come on man, get it right!

Thank you.
I worked at a hotel for years. Please don't do this. You would be putting the staff in a very uncomfortable position &amp; it would most likely end up in you being removed from the property. We are in the business of selling rooms, not hosting wild closet sex.

Fair enough, sheets on the room's bathroomfloor then.
"offer to join in"

hahahaha. that's the best response - if they're rude enough to not care about you being right there, then send that right back at em.

"hey uhhhh you guys want a third or likeeeeee what should i be doing here my dude"
Whip your dick out and don't break eye contact no. Matter. What.
don't break eye contact with the man, specifically.

Yes you must not break eye contact with him to assert your dominance
Either that or just piss all over his bed so he knows who's boss.
100% of the time, works every time