Here is the extracted summary:

Oops there goes another rubber tree....
This is a tactic they use often. The sad part is its such a primitive thing to do. Any objections to their policies are met with this response. Its really sick and twisted.

The fact that so many elites are quick to jump at criticism of Israel or it's influences is very suspicious.
The amount of dual citizens in the US government is disgusting

They shot a Canadian university professor that lives in the city next to mine. He was volunteering as a medic for both sides and he posted about the events on Reddit and was interviewed by the news.

There are dozens of well documented cases of the Israeli army targeting peaceful protesters, medics, children and more.

According to Charles Freeman, a veteran US diplomat and former US ambassador to Saudi Arabia, "Israel started Hamas. It was a project of Shin Bet [Isreali domestic intelligence agency], which had a feeling that they could use it to hem in the PLO."

What's suspicious about it? Pro-Israel groups are a reliable source of funding for politicians who toe the line, and Israel is an outright US ally in a region where that's rare.

People are reading "Culture of Critique"
And they are reading Benjamin freedman's speech, as well as Charles Lindbergh's Iowa speech.

I've been here a long time and, if you honestly don't recognise that there is a not-insignificant anti-Jewish racist element among the longstanding members of this community, then I don't know what to tell you man...

What I've never seen here before recently is comments like "just gas the bastards already" with a positive score hours after the comment was made.

Antisemitic posts have been a staple of this sub for years and years. This isn't new. Remember how Hitler was pictured in the sidebar once?

I see lots of posts criticizing Israel, questioning the influence Zionists have on everything -- Media, Finance and Politics. I never see outright calls for violence --- this is a conspiracy subreddit, and anything to do with Hitler probably involved a heated discussion about the inconsistencies with regards to the official stories of what happened, since we all should be able to agree that Victors write the history books.

The truth hurts. And your reaction shows it.