Here is the extracted summary:

Here's an edit to address some frequently brought up issues.

Everyone states that lane splitting at 15mph/25kph would be unsafe when highways are going 70 mph /110 kph, but we feel that that is not the time to be splitting, only when traffic is slow or stopped, hence the hard limit.

Yes I realize Californian is best in every way about this, I've got 30+ messages saying so.

Currently the proposal is worded to keep any existing splitting/filtering laws as they are.

A hard limit is a no. 15moh over traffic is too high, 10mph over local traffic.

I live in California.

15 is way too low for the freeway.

If you don’t break the existing rules in CA, i.e. states retain control to set higher limits (but not lower ones), that seems sound.

Everyone assumes where this is going to be, and that it's going to lower California current guidelines. As a lot of people have noticed our bill is based off one in Australia, and so far that speed has worked out fine.

Say the traffic on the freeway is going 20mph, and you can't go over 15mph when filtering. So there is no point to filter if you're going to be slower than just staying in the lane, which makes filtering in that situation pointless.

And usually angers car drivers. From what I've seen, the avg driver is ok with people splitting if its just traffic, but if its dead stopped for an accident or a red light they get angry.

Look, there's a lot of space between 15 and 75, don't be so dramatic. Do you even filter on CA's clogged freeways? 15 mph is a useless number.

Why are you guys complaining? 15mph is way better than the current 0-3 mph we have currently sitting traffic.

Fair enough.

By the way, get in touch with budman on the bay area riders forum. He's got a lot of great resources and experience with lane splitting legislation.

I think you would have a better chance of passing this if you limited it to filtering. Basically, motorcycles are allowed to get to the front of the line at red lights.

[deleted]
&gt; We believe it will be safer to start at 15mph in stopped or slow traffic would be the safest way to get people ready for the sudden change in motorcycles driving past them. If they started doing this suddenly at 60 mph/100 kmph it could be more jarring and dangerous

Where I live (cape cod) it routinely hits stand still for miles at the bridges. A law like this would be a blessing.

And start thinking of introducing mandatory licencing for bigger motorcycles, anything more demanding than figure of 8 on a parking lot - that will help as well (and I'm not even talking about mandatory helmets :)})