Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. She outed herself. She has no right to privacy in this situation. She told her story in a public place.
2. Not a public place: a pay-to-attend classroom. The University is *well* within its rights to demand that a professor place a higher standard on students' privacy.
3. An activist student, who had been gunning for him to be fired for his position on First Nations, for no reason relevant to the discussion spoke in front of a room full of people
4. Source?
5. You know what, no matter what you've been through, I don't think any of us get to decide what someone else gets to share and what they get to keep private.
6. If they feel raped, whether or not that meets your own definition of the word, I think we need to agree that they feel *aggrieved* and should be given some goddamn human consideration, especially from someone in a position of power like a tenured professor.
7. Yes, even students commonly record lectures.
8. She purposely shared it publicly because she knew it was going to be uploaded as had every single other class of his she had ever attended.
9. And you know this... how?
10. So you claim she wasn't raped?
11. Source?
12. their delusional minds
13. Speaking as a teacher this point stood out to me: you put a student's name in the Powerpoint presentation in class and criticized the student openly to a large class of peers.
14. That's juvenile behaviour and unbecoming of an educator.
15. Dropbox not youtube... only the class has access.
16. denied that sexual assault survivors are victims
17. Concern trolling.
18. He was fired because he was an asshole, who harassed and intimidated the people around him.
19. I said yes to the fact that she knew beforehand that the prof recorded all his lectures, which proves that you have trouble reading.
20. You should look into that.
21. No, I'm saying this: I'm not defending this guy - I'm saying the article was written in a way that's only making me ask more questions.
22. The CBC's reporting was a lot better.