Here is the extracted summary:

I see some people talk about alternatives to YEC (Young Earth Creationism), but I feel like no matter where I go, there is no church that publicly adopts this alternative, no radio station that is willing to discuss, and anything outside of YEC in Christianity is a "fringe" belief limited to a handful of bloggers and some people on Reddit. Everyone I meet publicly who is Christian is a hardcore YEC and Bible literalist.

Earth is young, but it was made to look the way it is.

No definitely would not make him a deceiver.

And why would God do such a thing anyway?

There’s nothing to suggest it is not literal for the simple fact that Jesus is also in the passage and we know he was literally one person.

Yes, it totally would. It would mean that God designed the world specifically to deceive those who tried to understand it. We have a word for people who do that: liars.

Because you were here last Thursday and you know that to be true. You were not here 8000 years ago

Says he spoke everything into being, so technically is from nothing in the space/time/ matter sense.

I would say the same thing to you about your premise and neither of us will have gotten anywhere. How do you know that Genesis is true? Where you there?

Then how do you know its true? Or are you relying upon the word of others?

Thats what the text says but how do you know thats really what Jesus said? Were you there?

Genesis literally says “God said: let there be” like 10 times.

That’s fair. What I was arguing for is that it is not incompatible to be a Christian and believe in a young earth.

With a God involved there is no reason to believe those memories couldn't have been made last Thursday.

Actually, it says הָיָה (Transliteration: hayah :: Phonetic Spelling: haw-yaw) a bunch of times. The definition is more "to fall out, come to pass, become, be"

But it does say that it was created thru the Word. And Genesis also says that God said.

You mean בָּרָא (Transliteration: bara' :: Phonetic Spelling: baw-raw'), which means to *shape* or create or form into? That verb does not require "out of nothing", and may preclude it.