Here are the selected sentences:

However, it is not clear how many of those actually held permanent residency status versus a soon-to-expire temporary protected status or even a travel visa.

We don't know from the source how many of those should be returning to the US.

If we're following the law, every one of them. They landed in the US, the UN Conventions on Refugees are clear that they get to attempt an asylum claim in the US else they go back to their nation of origin.

They don't get to shop around to find a willing patron... legally anyway.

My parents didn't work their asses off getting near perfect scores on the TOEFL or going through arduous checking and interviewing to immigrate here on a skills basis just to have other people cut in front of them by claiming asylum.

Once they are in Canada they are our responsibility.

What does Australia do that you are referring to?

Article 31 refugees unlawfully in the country of refuge shall not impose penalties, on account of their illegal entry or presence, on refugees who, coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1, enter or are present in their territory without authorization...

We don't have to accept refugees who enter illegally, unless they are coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened.

And the law we have with the US (Safe-third country) means we don't have to accept them at US-Canada border crossings.

Yeah. I was mostly trying to figure out if that is specifically what he was referring to, since it seems a bit out of left field.

That's a stretch. You're basically saying that denying someone refugee status is threatening their life/freedom based on race/religion/nationality/etc and makes them a refugee..

Similarly, Canada could claim we are meeting our convention obligations by returning illegal/irregular crossers to the US without a hearing as the US is ostensibly safe country.

The US does take them back, that's exactly what happens if they present at an official border crossing. They are turned around and given to the US.

I believe in Quebec there are a number of smaller crossings so instead of being turned straight around, anyone presenting at one of the smaller crossing is brought over to a larger crossing(st bernard maybe) and handed over there.

It seems to be a very common misconception that we are *choosing* not to send people back to the US.