Here are the selected sentences, separated by newlines:

Right after sex I had a woman get excited over my butt.
She just sat there squeezing and admiring it like it was the greatest thing she's ever seen, almost cheering in excitement.

Being somewhat self conscious, it was nice to have someone get excited over some part of my body with an absolute glee. It was pretty random and unexpected, but I layed there for a good 5 minutes happily getting my butt squeezed.

What has a One Night Stand done to/for you that was unexpectedly pleasant?
Woke up to her giving me a blowjob, 10/10 would have happen again

I think he doesn't agree with the $5 metaphor...
And that's where the line is, though.

Hell, i gotta agree. There is a one night stand where you screw each others brains out and then somebody gets up and leaves! If you agree to a sleepover, then that should sorta imply that there could be more to come after a little nap time. Getting offended about being awaken with more sex is kinda crazy. Just my opinion....

Just being told you're really good at giving head maybe? That's my favourite compliment anyway!
Being told we're the best you've ever had is similar to you're the biggest dick we've ever had. Or something along the lines of how amazing we are in bed.

My favorite thing (I’m a woman) is being told I have a tight pussy. I know r/badwomensanatomy has a field day with this stuff (and rightfully so) and I know it’s due to my tiny frame and not sexual activity level, but it’s still flattering to hear it.

Equivalent would be “your body is fucking hot”. While men are blessed with only penis-insecurities, women get to “enjoy” insecurities about their whole body, no matter what shape they are.

Tightest pussy.
I think I get what you're trying to say, and I'm glad you're trying. But the specific way you've phrased it here definitely feels like you're trying to speak for men and say that most of them don't get negative thoughts about themselves, when we really do.

You aptly point out women are judged more harshly on their body’s appearance than men. The question was: is there an equivalent of praising a penis for women? And I am telling you, women crave to have their whole bodies accepted on a whole different level than men do.

"Perfect tits" is pretty nice to hear.
Pretty sure it's "loosest vagina."
Fingering me while on my period.

​I was so turned on by the experience as we were making out after a few beers, he held his hand on the small of my back and shoved his other hand down my pants. I normally do not like fingering in general because most men are way too rough but it was perfect. When I opened my eyes, I saw blood all down his hand. I sat up, petrified he was going to lecture me but he told me that he thought it was the most beautiful he ever saw.

There's a huge taboo about menstruation and so much misconception out there that when he did that, I felt like a woman being worshiped. It felt wonderful.
That’s amazing! One time a dude literally yanked the tampon out of me and threw it across the room so we could start fucking. Pretty much my best moment.

Fuck yeah!
I've done that before. My buddies and I call it the ripcord
Disgusting. I love it.
Omg. All I would be able to think about is the mess and how hard it is to clean out bloodstains.

Edit: also that reminds me a bit of Beyblades