Here is a summary of the text, selecting approximately 10% of the original content:

I'm in college and I recently learned about/have been studying the incel communities I can find for a paper I’m writing on modern misogyny.

Look at r/inceltears for some horrible highlights of incel posts. There are shitposts made by IT users, yes, but most are real. Incels try saying it’s only fun memes, but nope.

But McCombs is still working at Huffington Post and influencing others. There were calls to fire her.

https://www.inc.com/suzanne-lucas/huffpost-editor-says-new-years-resolution-is-to-kill-all-men.html

Rejection isn’t trauma. And it most certainly doesn’t justify, violence, rape, sex slaves and whatnot I’ve read from them.

Look at 2018 New Years resolution of @msemilymccombs. She's a Huffington post editor. "Band together to kill all men".

Definition of Trauma:

1a: an injury (such as a wound) to living tissue caused by an extrinsic agent

--b: a disordered psychic or behavioral state resulting from severe mental or emotional stress or physical injury

--c: an emotional upset

Fits the definition. Yes, those people I referenced weren't assaulted, but they suffered "severe mental or emotional stress".

Diagnostic Criteria [3]

A. Exposure to a stressful event or situation (either short or long lasting) of exceptionally threatening or catastrophic nature, which is likely to cause pervasive distress in almost anyone.

B. Persistent remembering or "reliving" the stressor by intrusive flash backs, vivid memories, recurring dreams, or by experiencing distress when exposed to circumstances resembling or associated with the stressor.

C. Actual or preferred avoidance of circumstances resembling or associated with the stressor

I agree, it is also insane and wrong. This hate mongering from BOTH genders has to stop.

But New York Times stood by her. This racism, sexism, ageism, and sadism was dismissed as "a joke".

What kind of reaction do you expect from condoned calls for male genocide? From hate speech like this?