Here is the extracted summary:

I went to an episcopal service somewhat recently in a wealthy area and it was beautiful. The building was brick and the interior had beautiful wooden structures, unlike a modern carpeted Methodist Church, it had a very traditional architecture. Also, real wine was used for communion instead of grape juice, and the preacher had the attire of a catholic priest, with the white square on his collar.

Sola ecclesia? I've never heard that phrase before this moment
Funny enough, I’ve only ever heard it in the context of Calvin’s theology.
Its a slur that implies that the apostolic churches vest authority in the church alone over and against scripture.

Catholicism teaches Tradition and Scripture balanced. I don't care if you agree or not, that's what it teaches. Period.
I've never known anyone from the apostolic churches to do so. They place the church's authority above that of the scriptures because without the church there wouldn't be scripture, but never church alone.

No we don't. Holy Tradition and Holy Scripture are balanced.
You mean the Bible they compiled and canonized for you? Any specific examples?
I've never known anyone from the apostolic churches to do so. They place the church's authority above that of the scriptures because without the church there wouldn't be scripture, but never church alone.

They as in the people that I know personally. Not they as in all people belonging to apostolic churches. It's a very small sample size considering I grew up in Evangelical Southern Baptist churches, but I know better than to generalize a large group of people.

Arguably we wouldn't have either without the church. We might have a bunch of writing around that's about what we believe, stories that hold some wisdom, and about important people related the the religion but what makes those writings scripture is that they're given sanctity and authority. So without the Church there isn't really anybody to give those writings that sanctity and authority.

The canonicity of writings also probably wouldn't be without the Church either. The Church declaring things canon is affirming that those writings are genuine. That they're written by the people who claimed to have written them. The events in them actually occured. The people mentioned in them actually were. And whatever it teaches is actually truth.

But if they can be authentic without recognition, do they not have authority of their own accord regardless of the qualification of man?

Take your own advice then. You don't know the people and the churches they attend.

My initial comment did not claim definitively that all Apostolic Christians believed that the Church has ultimate authority. I clarified in my second comment because apparently starting the first sentence with "I've never known anyone" doesn't carry over to the "They" in the second sentence of the same comment.