Here are the selected sentences, separated by newlines:

Yeah all these comments are great, but maybe we could also just be happy that someone in Hollywood is a believer.

I can't tell if you're serious. I mean, Catholics made up half the stuff they teach and I'd still say they're taken seriously. And then there are groups that take obvious metaphors as literal truth which I think is childish but whatever.

Where is this verse about crushing people’s skulls in the New Testament? Jesus teaches “let he who is without sin cast the first stone.” Are you assuming we’re Jewish? Because this is r/Christianity...

How many gay people did you kill today?

I’d encourage you to look into hermeneutics.

Fundamentalists or staunchly conservative Protestants might believe that, maybe, but it’s an intellectually untenable position on the grounds that there was a Christianity before a Bible. There was a people of God before the scriptures.

This is such an egregiously bad application of hermeneutics that I don’t know what to say.

Simply put, psalm 137:9 is not a commandment but a cry of human anguish, and the levitcal laws for stoning are only applicable to the Jewish people on account of the fact that this was always the case.

The main part of Christianity is what Christ teaches, (hence, Christ-ianity).

Remember the story of the prostitute where the townspeople were about to stone her? Jesus says “let those without sin throw the first stone”. Do not judge others as God would judge you the same way (I don’t remember exactly how it goes, but you get the point). We need to treat everyone with respect and kindness.

I think he's anti-religion pretending to be an extremist. Kind of an extremist in the other direction.

To start, the reason capital punishment is not logger enforceable is because Talmud law says the competence to accurately give this sentence ended at the destruction of the second temple.

Like the Great Commission where Jesus tells the disciples to teach people to oney him? Or Matthew 18 where Jesus teaches them what discipline looks like in the church so that when someone sins they can be led to repentance and if they reject that then they are excommunicated?

Those posters are just throwing a temper tantrum because Pratt is popping the right-wing "Christians are being persecuted by liberal coastal elites" narrative they are being constantly told by Fox News and by far-right preachers.

Going through Pauls letters is quite a read I think. Writing to different cultures about how to be good people (Christians) in those respectable cultures.

- Being rich isn't something to be sought after as it withers away like a flower
- Be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to become angry