Here is the extracted summary:

Our deep state (to include McNoName and crew) created, funded, trained  and supplied ISIS.

Well these guys hate the Russians as much as we do, let’s give them guns and training. I hope this doesn’t backfire

And they still have refused to finish Isis . Its taken over a year to make a move against them in the last towns they hold on the East Bank of the Euphrates.

Just goes to show how rotten the whole thing is.

Ah, the good old Afghanistan Treatment. Succesrate 100%, side-effects may be worse than the disease though.

yes they did. they did the right thing in the battle vs assad.

OF course the west doesnt want to destroy the syrian rebels...that hands the region to assad, putin...and iran.

Really??

We are still dealing with the side-effects. Afghanistan part 2, Iraq, Boko Haram, even in Somalia the hand of the Mujahedeen can be seen.

Tell that to most of south america, angola, afghanistan, iraq, iran, vietnam, korea etc etc etc.

Same as Al-Qaeda and any other "terrorist" group opposing an elected leader in modern history (which wasn't backed by another power)

Who is talking about rebels ?? I am talking about Isis ..you know the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ?

Okay. McNoName is just a traitor.

The number of Russians killed in Afghanistan is less than third of American casualties in Vietnam.

You are also downplaying the destruction of Afghanistan, and handing it to extremism.

because for a while isis were the most effective force vs assad.

Those enclaves exist for the same reason. they wouldnt go to sdf they'd go to assad.

No they wouldn't because there is no SAA forces on the East side of the Euphrates ..Isis has been surrounded by SDF for a year..They will go to the SDF . So the question still remains. Why have Isis been allowed to prosper for the last year when they could very easily have been finished?

because they arent a priority. why would they be? fucking russia...RUSSIA is in the game now. who gives a shit about ISIS any more? theyre an irritant to the enemy...the 'threat' they pose to the west is manageable for the immediate future...we have few troops on the ground.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Cyclone

I'll give you ONE guess about who this is referring to.

Haven't you ever heard of "Charlie Wilson's war?"