Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

In 2017 Luis Videgaray, the Mexican Secretary of Foreign Affairs, warned Canada many times not to abandon Mexico for bilateral negotiations. Canada assured Mexico many times that it would not and insisted in only trilateral negotiations.

But good-faith is a Canadian characteristic, so it was reasonable for Canada to expect reciprocity from Mexico... right up until the moment that they bent under US pressure. Now we know that the moment has passed, and that, in this deal, Canada must deal only on a bilateral basis with the US.

So the decision for Pena Nieto was (1) a bad deal but better than the end of NAFTA OR (2) the end of NAFTA. He chose the former.

We shouldn't have a trade deal with Mexico in the first place.

If you think Mexico is so 'stand up'... why not move there ?

I don't think its possible to even form a government there without ties to organised crime. You would be killed.

Mexico doesn't give a shit about anyone / anything else other than themselves.

The incoming regime is just a corrupt, and they are the ones who pushed for the bilateral round of negotiations.

By signing the agreement, they just screwed over their own citizens. They just paid the price. I would be very pissed right now if I was Mexican.

Im not agreeing or disagreeing if we need them but it 100% happens now. ~42000 a season. Downvotes dont change reality. Im guessing you live in an urban area and dont know this.

&gt; The incoming regime is just a corrupt

sources?

When rivals are cheating, the only way to beat them is to cheat better.

In the coming years you'll be hearing a lot about corruption scandals from the new MX government.

I don't think there is any further utility in NAFTA, however. It is based on notions of goodwill and common objectives that were only ever conceptual, and that were never lived-up to.

Well, we still have the auto-pact, FTA and the WTO, and Trump will be gone in 6 years, so new opportunities will arise, albeit being diluted by the malignancy of MAGA, which will linger for a while.