Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

ITT People not realising that if you want things to change, then you have to change the opinions of the the apolitical or political-neutral.

As it is, many middleground Singaporeans couldn’t care less what happens behind closed doors, but they wouldn’t be caught openly supporting the LGBT movement either.

There's still something called confirmation bias, and it affects some people more severely than others. There are still a lot of people who would remain ignorant with or without the internet.

If you look at the US, for instance, support for marriage equality increased from only 44% in 2010 to 60% in 2015. That's from a minority to a majority in five years.

If people only ever hear negative things about LGBT people, or are ignorant about what being LGBT is or the problems they face, they're not gonna be convinced by one person trying to change their mind.

This is important. The debate isn't happening on an even field right now. Pro-LGBT views are basically only allowed on the internet and once a year during Pink Dot.

Mass Effect almost got banned here because it got the gay romance questlines. Attempts to normalise homosexuality in sexuality education classes by vendors in schools get slapped down with the fury of a thousand middle aged mothers.

So this law is simultaneously meaningless while also being of such importance to cause harm? You can't really have it both ways.

The views and values of an individual on the issue doesn't change because of that. It depends on how important they view love and the concept of marriage.

There's still a long way to go between feeling neutral and fully accepting the issue of gay sex, and even among the younger generations, many are still closer to feeling neutral on the issue, which is why there's very little incentive for the government to implement such a change.

Correlation=/=Causation. Churches have strong anti-homosexual views and are one of the largest sources of organised opposition to pro-lgbt legislation/activities.

Your thinking is too simplistic. Just because people don't vehemently speak out against homosexuality does not mean that they support LGBT.

Are you being daft by denying that Christians and Catholics (as a whole) in Singapore aren't relatively more opposed to homosexuality compared to atheists or those of non-Abrahamic faith?

With that in mind, if Singapore has more people opposed to LGBT rights, are you really denying the positive correlation between that and the fact that we have a much higher % of Christians and Catholics in this country?