Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

A few weeks ago I matched with this girl on Tinder. She lived far away from where I live but her family was spending a few days in town so we agreed to meet up.

Even though I had no intentions with her whatsoever, I had a bit of a vulnerable moment and we ended up making out.

The next day she left and we didn't think we'd see each other ever again.

I got a job as cabin crew at a major airline (can't say which one for obvious reasons) and my training just so happened to be in the same city where she lived. So I texted her about that and we ended up meeting again.

Even though I had no intentions with her, eventually the tone of the conversation turned sexual.

A few days later she told me she was a virgin. I was a bit taken aback, but I just shrugged it off.

So I arrive there. We chat for a bit, get undressed, yadda yadda. Suddenly, while giving me head, she says, "According to your height your penis ought to be larger."

I was *mortified*.

After a few seconds of not knowing what the fuck I should do, I got up, got dressed, and left.

Moral is: All people have preferences and that's fine but if it's that big of an issue, there's a nicer way to say it. Also, you can do much more with your hands and mouth. Mastering that has gotten me far with most women.

What made me feel so lost was that literally no-one else had ever said anything even remotely similar. It felt like such a kick to the gut.

In your situation, the girl was a virgin. Maybe she watched too much porn and she had a distorted view of dick size? Things people have said?

People are always going to be critics. There's nothing you can do about it other than say fuck you and stop talking to them.

You obviously liked this girl which is why it affected you but these things happen unfortunately and all I can say is keep on trucking.

OMG, that's fucked

Apparently average is something from 5"-6"

well well well im there

Lol. We tried fucking multiple times but every time it got weirder.

She was going through some emotional shit which she wouldn't open up about and ended up being really mean to me and people she knew.

From what I understand, if there's fat there then yes. You measure it from top of the pelvic bone across.

Yeah but you're kinda short...

6.5" is average, lots of smaller numbers get thrown around here to make guys feel better.

oh nah i found out that 4.8-6 inches is normal penis size but thanks anyway

Incorrect