Here are the extracted sentences:

1. To find out if someone is good at sex, it would seem to require having sex.
2. I don't see any other way to control or screen for proficiency or alignment in a specific activity otherwise.
3. Having PIV sex for too long leaves a woman sore.
4. It's not more pleasurable to do it for an hour than 20 minutes with a great orgasm (or 10).
5. That hurts your vagina.
6. A casual encounter very rarely results in a man wanting to spend 45 minutes of foreplay focused on her to get her off before he gets his 15 minutes of pounding because she can’t cum from PIV but he can.
7. This isn’t the man’s fault, in a casual encounter the woman usually doesn’t care that much about his feelings either.
8. But those of us who really love sex and want to have great sex, actively seek out long term relationships so we can find someone who will give us exactly what we want and need, rather than a string of random men who want to stick their dick in our vagina repeatedly for an hour.
9. Most women get sore after more than 30 minutes.
10. More friction = more soreness.
11. If you have sex with someone multiple times, you have a relationship.
12. FWB is a type of relationship, and also the reason many women opt for FWB over banging a different random dude every night.
13. Most women would rather be in a relationship than have casual sex.
14. What do you mean how do I manifest it? I know I love sex. I love being kinky and I love a man to be dominant and throw me around. That's what turns me on.
15. Within a relationship, I want sex very frequently.
16. Impossible dream? No, finding sex as an attractive young woman is pretty easy. I could have sex within 15 minutes if I wanted to.
17. I just don't have any interest in casual hookups.
18. Manifestation: action that displays of a concept.
19. If you say you love sex, how do your actions show that you love sex?
20. If you say you are looking for a highly sexual partner, how do your actions show that you are looking for it?
21. You say you are kinky, sexual, etc... ok, fine. How do you look for that? It sounds like you are seeking the relationship first and hoping it will develop into the kinky sex you are looking for.
22. That seems a bit backwards to me. I would control for good sex first and then seek people within that circle that might be good for a relationship.
23. If you like dominant, aggressive men, how do you seek and control for that?
24. The impossible dream being finding GOOD sex, which naturally requires having sex to validate if it is good in the way that you like it or not.

Please note that these sentences are copied verbatim from the original text and may contain explicit language and mature themes.