Here is the extracted summary in the form of selected sentences from the original text:

I adore my husband. He's an absolutely wonderful human being. I also pretty much worship his penis.

I wonder if he actually enjoys being constantly groped (not in public, btw. I have some decorum!).

Do guys enjoy this type of behaviour? We're both very sexual people and we have a lot of sex.

I think most guys would like to be objectified. There is a happy middle ground when it comes to objectification.

I think some women underestimate how lonely the world can seem to men.

On the other hand, I'd say most men would probably underestimate how irritating it would be to have people staring at you lustfully all the time.

I feel you, I remember when I got my hair cut short (I’d had it long for a very long time) I was walking around London and had a bunch of girls staring at me and my only thought was “have I got something on my face? Is there something wrong with me” didn’t even consider it might be them finding me attractive :/

This is spot on. It seems like the whole "dating game" makes it look like a man can seduce a woman through actions and not through "being".

Then someone tells you you are gorgeous and wants you to be her toy tonight. And you just melt. She lusts for you, the same way you lust for her and wants a piece of you. THAT'S sexy.

Bonus points if you compliment someone for stuff they had to work on.

I have these same feelings as a woman when it comes to my husband.

Isn't the same for both sexes? As in, compliments and flirting being a tricky game.

Just got a compliment about my body build yesterday in kickboxing. It was in context, didn't come off as sexual and seemed fine.

That straight up sucks.

It must feel great when some coworker says 'hey /u/CurvyGurlGW you look so changed , &lt;insert compliment&gt;' yet you got it denied from him.

Can't comment more, don't know him or you. What happens to me is women will say nothing good about me ever, then whenever a threshold is passed i'm some kind of perfect god that came to this world. Both ends are bad, one because you don't feel valuable and the other because you'd like to be human and with a regular sized ego :/

It's a catch 22, we think you're flirting with us because we generally don't receive compliments from women and we don't receive compliments because [women] don't want to risk appearing to have flirted when they were just being kind.

I know exactly how you feel. As human beings it’s nice to receive compliments on our physical attributes. It makes us feel valued and appreciated.