Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

Even some countries that are significantly poorer than Canada have more paid vacation time.

Because business can get away with it... Unless you have highly sought after skills and have employers fighting over you.

Government created a new holiday "family day" in February and my employer used a loop hole to get out of paying for an other day off.

They used my division's status as a transportation company and claimed we are federally regulated so provincial holiday don't apply to us.

Pathetic for a company that claims to be one of Canada's best managed companies.

It actually looks at a range of things like employee satisfaction as well. They collect the data and submit it. Its ludacris.

The CIO admited our department was under budgeted for resources all the while saying that we have excelled.

No raises or bonus though. They gave us $200 Christmas bonus last year and made a Huge deal about it.

Legislated they have a legal team try to figure out a way around it.

That's what they make sick days for. If you're salaried. By the hour is a little more challenging. :-)

They passively shame people for taking sick days. If you do take sick days your expected to at least respond to emails.

Since your IT they hint that You can work from home if you feel a bit better. Essentially if you are able to sit up and read you can work.

Family Day is not recognized in the federal sphere, federal employees in all provinces (such as public servants and postal workers) work on this day.

Without legislation, businesses would pay what the market will bear. For people making minimum wage, this would be less than minimum wage. How much is unknown.

It's not fair, and it sucks but I can't honestly fault a company for looking at it that way.

What isn't fair about that? That's like saying it isn't fair you'd pay less for milk at the store if you could.

If this is true (and often, it is), then the company will lose employees. It is very expensive to hire new recruits.

Why do you think it's so common to work at a company for 2 years and then walk away for a raise?

I bet your drive a Chevy

Sadly with family day and some of the civic holidays very few people other than government get them off.

Well there are situations with single employer towns in many places with extremely exploitative worker situations.