Here are the selected sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

It's going to come down to differentiating between "passing out" and "blacking out" if you ask me. That is what must happen in order to determine possible perjury of any meaningful result.

Does this outweigh the fact that Kavanaugh's history regarding mass surveillance/rendition is troubling? No.

Do I think a very dangerous precedent is being set regarding an allegation that has so little corroboration? Yes.

Do I think Christine Ford's testimony had questionable aspects to it? Yes.

Do I believe the intelligence agencies are ever going to respect the actual laws in place that protect a US citizen? No.

Are we entering a period in the history of the US regarding privacy/technology that is disturbing to many people? Yes.

Is the Supreme Court going to protect us from the agencies capable of abusing their power/authority? Doubtful.

Could the Supreme Court make rulings in the future that further degrade our right to privacy while enhancing the intelligence agencies/law enforcement abilities to collect whatever information they want on any citizen? Yes.

I'm a conspiracy theorist...whatever that means these days. I have very little trust in our government and I think the invasion of our privacy and mass surveillance of the general public are reaching extremely dangerous levels.

Kavanaugh has a documented history regarding these topics.

Do I think Kavanaugh has led an outstanding life in public service overall and is extremely qualified in interpreting constitutional law? Yes.

Does that change anything?

It's impossible for me (personally) to rectify these two things.

Let's take a "hypothetical" for a test drive.

Passing out and blacking out are two different things. Blacking out isn't being unconscious, its being so drunk your brain cannot make new memories. Meaning you look and act normal (albeit drunk) but will never have a memory of what went on once you're at that level.

I was thinking of blacking out as losing consciousness suddenly, but now that you mention it, that's a viable interpretation.

In that case, how would you prove that someone was conscious but but was not retaining any memories?