Here are the selected sentences from the original text:

A lot of people seem to think that the people out there who post others' nude pictures online without their consent are few and far between, but I see it ALL THE TIME.

Not only does it make me both furious and disgusted, it terrifies me.

I could count on one hand the amount of nude pictures I sent out before my current relationship, and guess what! One of those pictures I sent to ONE dude, he took the liberty of showing to one of his friends (he swears, just one).

And now, years later, I get this furious broiling in my stomach every time I see some abhorrent, greasy loser online, posting pictures that they received privately, because they have deemed them to now be public domain.

If you get nudes from someone with great tits, they are not yours to share. If you get nudes from someone with a huge dick, you have no right to post it on reddit in fetish subs without the consent of the sender.

You don't get to post pictures/videos of yourself having sex with someone to amateur porn subs without getting explicit consent from the other person/people beforehand.

Do not breach someone's trust that way.

POSTING NUDE CONTENT OF SOMEONE WITHOUT THEIR CONSENT IS ILLEGAL, IMMORAL, AND DISGUSTING

And it's also against reddit's rules!

Why is this such a difficult concept to understand for fucks sake??

Alright two things.

1. I never said it wasnt or argued against any of those things as being a way to protect yourself (except for the face one; honestly I find that argument irrelevant because it isn't stopping anyone from sharing your pics, just saves you from being identified), I told a story from when I was a teenager that seems to have confused some people on my understanding of the inherent risk of sending nudes.

I'm not replying to individual comments anymore because if I have to defend my right to be mad that people think it's okay to share someone's private photos one more time, I'm gonna lose my mind. Y'all are on some shit