Here is the extracted summary:

1. Enforcement by Change.org: If we are put on notice that your campaign or content violates the law or the rights of others (for example, if it is established that it is defamatory or violates privacy, intellectual property or publicity rights or others, or is funding an illegal activity), if we discover that your campaign or content violates our Community Guidelines, or if we believe your campaign or content is inappropriate or objectionable, we may remove it from our platforms , or we may make edits to bring your content into compliance.

2. Under their community guidelines: No hate speech – We’re fans of free speech, but we don’t allow hate speech. Hate speech is typically the advocacy of beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people based on characteristics such as their age, colour, disability, ethnic origin, gender identity, nationality, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, medical condition, or veteran status.

3. Enforcement by Change.org: If we are put on notice that your campaign or content violates the law or the rights of others (for example, if it is established that it is defamatory or violates privacy, intellectual property or publicity rights or others, or is funding an illegal activity), if we discover that your campaign or content violates our Community Guidelines, or if we believe your campaign or content is inappropriate or objectionable, we may remove it from our platforms , or we may make edits to bring your content into compliance.

4. If we follow this logic then slavery would still be legal today.

5. So you think that it should be legal to deny a person service because of their skin color? How about their gender?

6. To begin with, the SPF doesn't actively go about witchhunting gays engaging in sexual intercourse. As long as it is  consensual and nobody is hurt or sexually abused, I highly doubt the police would get involved, much less even discover it in the first place.

7. Historically, slavery was not abolished because the minority slaves asked and fought for it — any such rebellion would have been put down.

8. So you think that it should be legal to deny a person service because of their skin color? How about their gender?

9. For skin color, no. For gender, situational. Plus, it is not an equal comparison.

10. It is ridiculous that you expect LGBT people to have to endure life at the whim of bigots.

11. No, you want LGBT people to be second-class citizens. That is reprehensible. Wanting to be treated as an equal human being is not an attack on your rights. Your rights do not supersede everyone else's.

12. Aren't you a bigot as well, intolerant towards my opinion?

13. It is NOT okay when LGBT start to demand and pressure society to change the way it has been operating(and perfectly fine, mind you)

14. Why not for skin color then? If my religious beliefs say that people with darker skin are inferior and that I should not relate with them, why should I be forced to go against my beliefs?

15. Opinions aren't immutable characteristics and are subject to change.

16. Perfectly fine according to whom? You? I think many, many would disagree.

17. Just because laws exist doesn't mean they are good, fair, or even moral.