Here are the sentences copied verbatim from the original text:

1. Communism gets a less bad wrap than Nazism because the Nazis were racist white supremacists who put themselves on top of everyone else . Under Communism, for the most part, everyone was equally worthless and expendable lol
2. Your argument is if someone likes the idea of communism, that means they agree with killing on a mass scale? That's a specious argument and you know it.
3. Communist has no place in the NDP. It's a big tent party for social democrats (the majority), democratic socialists (The parties roots) and socialists (small minority).
4. When your criticism of a group is that they're "bigots" "racists" and "white nationalists" (and probably some muttered under the breath accusations of 'alt-right' and 'nazi's'), it is absolutely fair game to point out that your own shit doesn't stink.
5. A party isn't defined by what some idiots comment on a Facebook page. For starters, people that post on Facebook pages are stupid, extremely small minority of a parties followers.
6. So you're trying to say that max's party is defined by the meth head Facebook user that posts garbage, but the ndp isn't defined by the latte sipping, Gucci wearing, neutral milk hotel listening, pseudostalinist?
7. Both are huge pieces of shit imo. Hopefully you agree with that, otherwise...
8. Yeah! just look at those hellholes Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Iceland, Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, Finland and Ireland. All burnt to the ground once they became social democrat welfare states.
9. The swastica is a symbol of good luck in east asia and in germany represented recycling animal rights and many other things its a symbol of alot of good things!  /s
10. These are capitalist democracies with a strong safety net. Not unlike Canada. Or the USA, for that matter. The US does have a strong safety net for the bottom 25 %, much as the world likes to pretend otherwise.
11. Hey Maxime Bernier's new party may have an issue with white supremacists.  Well what about the NDP:  They have communists.

These sentences are copied verbatim from the original text and do not include any summaries or paraphrased versions of the text.