Here is the extracted summary:

My husband and I have a really good relationship. We know each other so well and have very similar needs and goals in life. Our sex life has been on fire lately.

One aspect in particular that had been receiving more attention was dirty talk regarding a threesome (FFM).

I don’t identify as straight, and although having strong emotional attachments, have never sexually been with a woman. When I met my partner I could have gone my whole life never having explored that route and I would have been satisfied.

But once the dirty talking began, it certainly made my mind wander. Perhaps it started with a wig, or a statement like “I wish I could fuck two of you at the same time” and it progressed from there.

It began as something brought up during the act, and then became fuel that ignited it.

We decided that to avoid any sort of relationship complications between us and the third, we would hire a professional (which is not illegal where we live).

The threesome itself was very enjoyable. Slightly awkward at first while we got into the rhythm of things. I came twice, my husband once, and I think she came too - that’s the only downside to paying someone, you can’t really be too certain of how much they are actually enjoying it.

But at the same time it takes away the pressure to have all three people being satisfied at once.

Afterwards we talked, shared pictures of our pets and then she left. We lay on the bed together for a bit. I was surprised at how I felt. Nothing felt bad, nothing felt like a boundary had been crossed.

It didn’t feel like our marriage had been contaminated or was at risk for falling apart. It felt like we hung out with someone and then they left, we just happened to have all been naked and orgasming in between.

We had a bath afterwards. Once we were home (we didn’t stay at the hotel) we had an amazingly relaxing bath and then had sex again. And it felt just as good as it did before having a threesome.

And that’s how we survived a threesome.

If it worked for you that’s great. But as other commenters have said, your husband is getting almost nothing. And I feel like, though he may be okay with that now, it may breed resentment in the future.

Define almost nothing? I don’t remember a 4th person there, nor did I go into much detail of what actually happened. He was very much involved and an active participant, not a passive by-standard.

I’m not trying to argue with you, I’m just trying to say this set up may be perfect for now, but down the line your husband may harbor resentment over his lack of participation.

Steps 1-3 you can do whatever you want. Husband doesn’t get to interact with the third until step 3 and that’s only light touching, as you described.

I understand your concern and I can see that being a problem if we did this same plan time and time again, but that thankfully is not the route we are taking, as I’m sure that would get boring quickly for everyone.