Here is a summary of the text, selected from the original text exactly as written:

So I spent a few weeks back in Singapore this summer before going to Hong Kong to visit a friend for a week.

She asked me the same sorta questions I usually got, but any time I misunderstood a question or she couldn't hear me or something she'd raise her voice or give me a rude response.

I took out my phone to check the time, and when I turned it off it made a click sound (just like all iPhones do), and when the lady heard it her demeanor suddenly flipped.

She told me I needed to go to the office to get a secondary inspection (aka I was being detained).

Then when we were passing by all the other travelers waiting in line at immigration, she yelled out "If you go traveling, don't throw tantrums" for everyone to hear.

I started tapping my fingers against the counter, and the male agent gave me a hard look and in a harsh tone he told me to stop.

They asked me some questions, then asked for my mom's EP details and phone number so that they can contact her to confirm the answers I gave them (our address, my status as a student, even the fact that she was my mom, etc).

After the whole experience I just felt really dehumanized.

I'm worried about this whole situation affecting my travel plans. Will I be flagged as a suspicious person whenever I come back?

You SHOULD go the social media route as well as file an official complaint. The only reason people do that is because nothing gets solved through traditional methods.

Do both of it. No downside for you other than a little bit of time spent

Using mobile phones at security clearance area is a no-no.

I get the feeling that immigration/customs are trained to make you feel uncomfortable to weed out suspects - I've been paraded thru immigration queues in all these countries - I do usually dress like a bum, which makes me an easy target - it's usually all for show.

Just keep your cool, smile - act demure, not defiant and it'll just be a minor inconvenience.