Here are the selected sentences:

Guessing the ask was too high, likely one of their young roster guys like Patrick/Konecny/Couts, or Hart?
Unsure why this perfectly reasonable comment is downvoted. Obviously, the Flyers would balk at that price, but you have to give to get.
Yeah and youd be laughed out of the room. You dont get young studs for rentals.
Patrick + Simmonds + a top prospect + a 1st + a couple 2nds for 1 year of Panarin lol
I mean, we are probably gonna fight for 3rd place and Panarin would warrant a huge return. Take a piece or two away but I dont think this is an unrealistic idea.
It's not the trade deadline. A whole year headstart on pitching a Top 5 player to sign long term with you, and play with a 100pt playmaker during the end of a rebuild/start of contention is not a rental.
Panarin isn't a top 5 player, and look at what Karlsson (an actual arguable top 5 player) just went for with a full year on his contract. He's a rental, so they're not gonna get a lot for him no matter where they trade him too.
I don't think people should go around expecting superstars to net that much of a return again even if they are rentals.
Even as a hypothetical ask that seems unreasonable. I can't see them even trying for a top 2 pick, top 6 forward, another A/B prospect, 1st and 2 2nds.
Didn't Ottawa have larger asks in the potential TBL deal? And I wouldn't use the Karlsson trade which everyone declared a fleece immediately as the bar here. Ottawa HAD to move him and everyone knew it.
That won't change the offers they get though. Teams would be more interested in waiting until summer and trying their luck to add him for free.
Lol never seen anyone get so bent out of shape over a spongebob quote. You’re a dandy
Yeah i think i read a report saying CBJ was apparently asking for Konecny in the negotiation.
Columbus is also a real contender, they haven’t traded a lottery pick, their owner isn’t a cheap bastard, Panarin doesn’t hate the owner, Columbus has a year to convince him to stay.