Here is the summary:

I keep seeing posts that would've been ridiculed or ignored reaching the top of this sub. All these shit posts are getting a large amount of upvotes.

My reason for saying this is I believe the same people who banned r/Q, r/Anon, etc. are trying to AstroTurf this sub into looking like an alt-right hub for the people who were kicked out of the banned subs.

I know people have said that this sub has gone downhill for awhile now in terms of conspiracy content (too much politics, repeated theories, etc.) I'm not talking about that. Just my thoughts.

Solidarity.

Mention anything Q here and it triggers the Q haters.

Pretty sure a wave of accounts was created/bought/awakened just for the express purpose of shilling against Q drops.

It's peetty fucking pathetic, that most conspiracies can't be discussed here without someone waving their dick around derailing discussion and name calling.

What is Q? I see it posted a lot in this sub. I took a break from Reddit for months.

Since then, his posts have essentially confirmed they work with/for POTUS and military intelligence and they are the communication hub as a direct line to the awakening public as deep state corruption is exposed.

I suggest checking out some of their Q drops. qanon.app or qmap.pub or qanon.pub or even http://awakeningforums.com/board/26/drops - hope this helps, i only skimmed the surface. Let me know if you have any questions

Thank you! I'll look into it

I never understood the hate toward Q just as I never understood the hate toward pizzagate, both had their points, counter-points, followers, dissenters, etc.

Neither of these topics appear much different than the plethora of other conspiracies found here on this sub and elsewhere. Honestly, if you believe 9/11 is a conspiracy (me included) then Q and pizzagate are drops in the ocean. Why would either be so unbelievable that they need to be ridiculed and silenced?

But, here we are. This sub can’t mention Q or pizzagate now because of r/TheBanOut2018 and fear that the entire community will be scrubbed from the internet.

The narrative is set, rules and boundaries have been created. These restrictions will only ever be tightened from here on out. Yet people defend it like it’s, somehow, the right thing to do. The proper course of action is never to censor someone, and if you find yourself in that position then you may be on the wrong side of history.

Good god man, gorgeously said! My exact sentiment.

There's a difference between hate and censorship, though. Would it be unreasonable to theorize that perhaps the hate being spread is also politicized, since its all left v. right?

Pizzagate was the closest we have come to uncovering a massive and very powerful pedophilia network that also had a giant online audience digging into its details and widespread MSM coverage.

As you mentioned it is now pedogate, but that's not getting a lot of coverage, is it? Its unfortunate that things have to be politicized to garner such widespread attention, but I fail to understand how that disqualifies it as a topic of conversation and justifies its blanket removal from the internet.