Here is the summary of up to 250 words:

When people show you they're misogynist assholes, just block and move on? I don't know what people are trying to gain by arguing with people like this. You're just giving them what they want.

She's only playing hard to get. /s

Leading on is a bad term to use.

It’s human frustration. Sometimes not the most logical, but the most emotionally appealing in the moment.

Because why should he win and have the last word. He doesn't own his argument with her. She didn't invite him.

I understand the sentiment - be a bigger person - let him be. But no - sometimes you pour airplane fuel on the fire and let it burn because dumbfucks like him should get all the resistance they can get

Even if it's only a meesingly "sure buddy" every time they brag...

Because by giving him attention, he wins. You win by not giving him what he wants, which is for you to respond.

So, I was lounging round my house when the phone rang. The land line we keep just in case nuclear war breaks out. I answer just in case and it's the guy from Microsoft. They've detected a virus on my computer but the good news is he's got time to help me.

Well, I had a few minutes to spare and wanted a bit of amusement, so I sit down at my computer and ask him what I should do. He's working his spiel slowly, not going for the big win too early to feel me out. While he's doing that, I'm looking up current scam alerts based on the language he's throwing out at me. Subtly I start getting ahead of his game - looking at the series of steps he's been given for his conversation script on my screen.

It's not so much about getting the last word as it's amusing to poke at them for more stupid responses. You gain amusement (given you can keep yourself distanced from it), but I get how that's not something for everyone.

I block people ALL the time. It comes down to I wanted to see how far these types of guys would go. He has been blocked.

Baiting assholes is fun for some of us in some situations.