Here are the extracted sentences:

Good, gives them enough time to get their affairs in order. Although I'm not pleased they turned their back on a promise to keep the program running, I am happy to see the program end.
Why are you happy to see it cut short? we didn't even get any data from it. If you think basic income is the wrong route then the right thing to do would have been to let it run its course and see what the results are.

The program was doomed once the election results were in. At least they’re not pretending and wasting the money.

I have no faith the current government will spend it better but at least it will be consistent and any results from that spending can be traced back to the current government so the people can judge them on their ideas and results instead.

No matter what happens with the first generation (all highly motivated and grateful to get free money) this will eventually devolve into another welfare plan given to entitled lazy people.

Study lottery and lawsuit winners, don't flush money down the toilet.

It wasn't really a great test though. To be a true test you would need to have isolated the city entirely so that the low income would receive money, but the rich/ businesses would get taxed heavily to support them.

If it's not exactly ground breaking then why was it cut before the results came in?

Probably because it wasn't ground breaking

lol if the results are going to be so bad why not let it finish and prove everyone else wrong and end the debate once and for all?

I don't think that was the point.

Both the basic income pilot and welfare work off the same formula. You never get less income by taking a job.

Then where does the money come from? I may be missing something, but from what I can put together that is the only way it would work.

The impression I get from your comment is that everybody has the same motivation. We all had the opportunity to go to school and yet many couldn't be bothered to even finish high school. What makes you think that money is the issue?

This isn't about insults. Everybody in our country can get out of poverty. It takes time and motivation. Some have it harder than others. Some don't care or expect that someone will fix it for them. Others need professional mental health help.

As far as some people are concerned it's just printed paper. Nobody pro UBI will answer your question because when you sit down and do the math it doesn't add up.

It depends on where you are and what the program is. And also how that income is deduced, because no longer being on welfare means you might now have to pay for services that welfare covered, taxes, etc.

So even if you made the same amount from your job than you would with welfare, you're, in effect, left with less money.

No.