Here is the summary:

I'm very close to walking out of mine. I was subjected to a bunch of radfem rubblish masquerading as a sermon.

Honestly you can grow more with God but just staying at home and studying for yourself, most of these churches peach fluff anyways. God does not even require of us to go to church, he wants us to keep his sabbath and have a close relationship with him. Don’t need a building for that.

It helps to see the other side of the street....

No it doesn't. Watching what is supposed to be a sermon on the day's readings turned into one woman's personal anti-male crusade goes against the Bible itself.

Do unto others, after all....

Lol I got to see that sermon!

This is the same kind of whining that happened during the civil rights movement of the 60's and 70's.

Sometimes cultures make corrections,  thank God!, and they are often very hard swings.

And only zealots have the courage to lead.  She is on the side of equality and that may take time to settle into place.

Be patient.

There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither bond nor free, there is neither male nor female: for ye are all one in Christ Jesus

As opposed to "there are BAD MEN and HOLY GOOD WOMEN".

Yeah, sure.

Like I said.  It sounds exactly the same.

Um, no.

You see, back in the civil rights days, they were trying to bring people together. No Jew or Gentile, you see that above. No division. No special treatment of one group over another. Giving everyone legal rights. Treating everyone the same and moving towards unity, as was commanded by the Gospel.

What this modern stuff is trying to do is get rid of things like "due process" towards men, and set women against men. That's in opposition to the Gospel.

So you are wrong.

You obviously were not alive during that time period at all.

That isn't what happened at all.  Societies don't do that.  It was a series of cosmic pendulum swings that terrified and upset the whole nation.  It was painful, traumatic, violent and only partially successful.

Just like this.

Yeah, I was actually. People marched - both black and white - against things like the Jim Crow laws. Against segregation. Against the idea that certain people deserved rights and others did not - and that some groups were "better" than others.

Now, they're marching for the inverse. Which is against Scripture and the will of God. 

How can you disagree that the Civil Rights movement was designed to break down barriers and treat black and white people equally? To get rid of segregation, to integrate schools, churches, lunch counters? That that is in the spirit of the Scriptures, which clearly says "there is no Jew or Greek, no male or female."

I don't see how you can disagree about that. But if you wish, that's your perogative. Blessings to you.

What, the Gospel message of fixing and rebuilding being replaced with an "us vs them" radical political stance? That upsets me. She does not.

You haven't yet, so there's really been no discussion thus far for me to agree or disagree with.