Here is the summary:

I love sex! I'm very comfortable with my sexuality and I enjoy it with long-term partners or more casually. However, recently I've become somewhat uncomfortable with the power dynamics of it.

It makes me wary that men are taught from a young age to both desire women and to disrespect them, and when I look at porn I can't help but notice the linguistics of the titles (5 guys *destroy* teen slut, man *ruins* 18-year old, etc). I feel like the negative cultural messages men are given about women (especially pertaining to sex) must sink in, and it's only a question of degree.

I sometimes end up wondering if a guy I'm sleeping with harbors contempt for my gender, and it can take me out of it.

Does anyone ever feel like this? Am I crazy? Do you always feel like sex is an act that you are equally sharing with another person? If not, does that ever bother you or do you accept it as just part of life and evolution?

Separately, the actual mechanics of sex that involve a man inserting a penis into a woman -- I love the feeling of this, but sometimes feel as though this is an act being done *to* me, that I/women are essentially objects while men are the active subjects.

M42 here, married 23 years. I really don't see power dynamics in our bedroom. We listen to one another. We do all sorts of kinky shit, but it's mutually decided on. I choke my wife a little bit every now and then - because she gets off on it, not because I'm imposing my will or whatever.

Do some people have power dynamics? Sure. You see dom/sub stuff here all the time. But I don't think this is a requirement for sex.

I mean... sometimes, my wife pees on me (by my request). Yes, she's standing over me, but she's not degrading me - she's doing it because I want her to. Sometimes, her legs go over my shoulders and I fuck her hard and fast... because she likes how that feels. Sometimes, she pegs me... because I want her to.

People are people. Our genitals fit together a certain way, yes, but sex should be an active partnership if everybody is going to be happy. Now for some people, that means latex suits, ropes, whips, and somebody being THE BOSS. Awesome for them. For some people, it does mean the guy pins the woman down and fucks her however he wants. If they both like that? Awesome for them.

But neither of those are default settings. Find someone that respect you, that you respect, and have whatever sort of sex you both enjoy.

I totally agree that most porn is bullshit, but it's also the case that a lot of people watch porn when they're pretty young and don't know that that's not how real sex is, and get it into their head that it is, which I think is a shame.