Here is a summary of the text, extracted from the original text:

I been havin this nightmare about this chapter for about half a year now. The details in the dream vary but it always has the same general plot. Im a Hebrew warrior in Moses's army. We are marching to the city of the Midianites.

When I said that the god of the bible was jealous of stone and wood I was of course being truthful, the bible seems to embrace this fact.

Genocide was the norm for Old Testament religion, the irony is that they complained about the Assyrians throwing Hebrew babies against the rocks just a few centuries after the Midianite slaughter. What goes around comes around I guess.

The myth of separating the heavens and the earth is present in Akkadian and Sumerian mythology. *Bara* originally meant *to separate*, so Elohim didn't create the earth even if he is real.

Also it's obvious that Yahweh isn't omnipotent or omniscient. He *remembered* Noah, he wrestled with Jacob, he couldn't overcome the *iron chariots*, Jesus doesn't know when the rapture is going to happen (Jesus means *Yah saves*), he's jealous of wood and stone, ect.

All this demonstrates that if Yahweh is real, I don't haft to worship him. In Exodus 32:14, Yahweh repents of the evil which he planned to do to Israel, which means Yahweh is a sinner.

Thanks for the clarification. I will have to research the indigenous Bushman and Yoruba religions.

If the *god* of Christianity is a real being this doesn't necessarily mean that we should all worship him. I know you might not be ready to look at the situation as being this complex, but I will elaborate anyway.

Yeshua/Yahweh claimed to have not known when the rapture is goin to happen, just imagine what else he didn't know.

I reached my conclusion after a decade of being the most scrutinizing Christian, learning Hebrew and Greek, researching history, archeology, symbolism. I read numerous bible texts and found out many surprising things, l never knew that the earliest Greek new testament didn't even have Revelations for instance.

In the end, secular history and science wasn't what turned me away from Yahweh. The bible did.