Here is the extracted summary:

No one said it was proof of a conspiracy. Not every single post is supposed to be definitive proof of a conspiracy. The fact this sub allows pedantic shits starting arguments over your own stupidity constantly is why this subreddit fucking sucks now.

How can our banks be real if our papers-with-numbers aren’t real

I’m confused as to how the fuck it’s the top comment on the page here lol. Who supports these fire starters? I’ve literally seen this picture posted before on here with good conversation that followed. This just seems like another play to try to make conspiracy theorists seem crazy again. Just by judging the comments alone if feels like people are just coming here to attack.

The game monopoly was created to mirror the rigged system of the real world. It was designed by the creator to be a satirical game. So for those that know it is based off of reality, can connect the dots.

Did you know it was based on the real world capitalism?

What about down voting both?

I like to feel like I do my part sometimes by down voting absolute nonsense.

It is an unintentional, yet accurate representation of a broken financial system. Broken to some, purposely driven to others.

The United States has an incredibly tumultuous history of its currency and the rules behind it all. At one point, there was a gold standard. Simply put, 1 oz of gold equaled $1, so to have $20 in circulation in the United States meant 20 oz of gold was being held by the United States Treasury.

A secret cabal of bankers and influential robber barons, who some people call the Illuminati, attempted to create the Federal Reserve throughout American history. In fact, read Andrew Jackson’s biography to highlight his battles against a central banking system.

The conspiracy part comes in here. No government entity controls the Federal Reserve Bank. It is a private institute, it makes a profit, that profit is paid to a certain elite, that elite some call the Illuminati. The Federal Reserve Bank controls the currency of the most powerful country in the world, which makes it the most powerful entity in the world.

That would make sense, the democrat side in the US has always been statist.

Oh, that's actually easy.  So here's the thing - I get a lot of incoming messages.  I have a lot of fairly abnormal views which are very important to me and I'm quite open about them, which often leads to elevated emotions that typically translate into lots of messages.