Here are the selected sentences:

Boys will be boys," huh?

Kavanaugh is currently accused of holding a woman down and sexually assaulting her just two years before this photo was taken and letter to the editor written.

Frats were uncommon at Yale at this time and this particular fraternity was known for having poor attitudes towards women.

This* is the frat he *chose* to join after seeing them in action and hearing about them his freshman year, despite Yale having a robust, enjoyable residential college system and only 2 real frats and no sororities at the time.

"Kids at Play": Photo of DKE's displaying their flag made of women's undergarments

"The Council of Masters banned Tang from campus last year. The fraternity DKE and Strohs Beer Company revived the competition at a new off campus location."

During the fall of 2010 Deke pledges at Yale enraged campus feminists when they were obliged, as part of hazing, to march past a dorm that housed freshman women, chanting **“No means yes, and yes means anal!”**

"A few years ago the word fraternity had a bad name and we were trying to play down the image of the drunken jock and build the fraternity into a gentlemen's club. I thought we had im proved our membership and could improve it again this year with another year of grace. But the trustees put their foot down and said that's it. We just couldn't make it any more.”

In 1967, a Yale Daily News article exposed hazing traditions that make the stories of contemporary initiation rites seem like a mere weeklong frat party.

The 2016-17 president of Yale DKE was suspended for "penetration without consent."

Two weeks ago:

[Frat accused of sexual misconduct sells 2 houses](https://www.nhregister.com/news/article/Frat-accused-of-sexual-misconduct-sells-2-houses-13213711.php)

The fact that he joined this fraternity reflects on his judgment and values.

When he's being vetted to be a Supreme Court Justice for the rest of his life, that's incredibly relevant. To deny it is, is a reflection on *your* judgment.

One has just average guys. Or so it seems. Until you get down in the "hidden" basement where they have the Confederate flag hanging.