Here is a summary of the text, selecting only sentences and returning them exactly as written:

We only need Science. Religion is just an obstacle to progress.
You don't need religion to have morals.  
Don't conflate the two together
Science only tells us what is or how something is, not what ought to be.
People argue for secular morality. Where then, do you reference morality from? Like Science, where logical deduction is derived from a point of reference, morality needs a reference point.
If you think science will lead to a more liberal future, boy are you solely mistaken. Religion is only part of the morals and ethics in human history/cultural, but like religion, science can be taken to extremes.
Science alone isn't bad. Science is science. Morality is morality. Morality has nothing to do with science. Morality is a social construct, much like religion. Science is knowledge. And FYI, science does not dictate resources be directed to most productive or eugenics. People do based on their morals.
If you need religion to give you a moral compass, boy do you really need whatever deity you worship.
You also have morals preached by each religion that are irrelevant and backward.
What good is a "reference point" if you end up deciding what is right and wrong by yourself/preacher. Imagine if you have a measuring tape that never ever gives you the right measurements, would you still refer to its readings?
I don't want to meet you in person if the only thing stopping you from doing horrible things is God.
Some very bad decisions in the past were made on the basis of religion as well, take stoning for blasphemy, for instance.  
By the way, no one thinks "all religious people cannot function outside their belief system", that's the impression you're creating of you.
What? It is good to stop him from smoking because it will affect him/her adversely. There are no moral values here. Science just shows causality.
Religion has nothing to do with morality
Morals is just a set of social rules people follow so we don't fuck things up for one another, where cooperation is seen as a necessity to not make ourselves go extinct.
How do fairytale stories do that? By painting an unrealistic view of human nature?