Original Response: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCQWys1xmiQ

The league just started in Sweden, and if you go to a game of one of the teams with a bit more fanatic fans, this is what you normally get early season and playoffs.
(mid season can be a bit slower).
Just thought I should share while you are waiting for the season to start!
:)
It's a common knowledge that NA fans are very mild, at least here.
When I go to watch a hockey game live I can't imagine it without at least someone smashing drums for the whole game.
Even in my small town where you get anywhere from 100 to 400 people watching that is the norm.
American atmosphere:

Huge screen: "Let's go home team" 

Crowd: "Let's go home team"

And then silence until the screen tells to what to do again.
If teams want a better atmosphere, all they need to do is stop playing music and videos and ads and instructions every time the whistle blows.
People will figure it out.
But that won't happen.
No, that's the reason.
Music and ads are played all around the world.
It doesn't matter what happens around the world.
We're talking about North America.
I forgot.
You are special people with special needs.
This is not true at all.
There are plenty of fans who start their own chants in the middle of the game.
I’ve been to countless Sharks games and chants start organically without the help of the jumbotron all the time.
God europeans can be so pretentious.
We get it, you think you're better.
Go to a sporting event in Europe and you'll understand what he means.
Since I moved to NA I've been constantly confused by the attitude at sporting events.
I mean I'm not there to be flares "a la" Serie A but at least some form of energy from the crowd beyond a couple basic chants once a period.
Why are Europeans on this sub so holier than thou about their culture.
No one cares.
Quit jerking yourselves off.

Summary: 
People will figure it out.
Music and ads are played all around the world.
There are plenty of fans who start their own chants in the middle of the game.
(mid season can be a bit slower).
