Original Response: 
I'm Dr. Andrew E. Budson, a cognitive and behavioral neurologist and cognitive neuroscientist.
I have coauthored five books that center on Alzheimer's disease and other associated disorders, and I am here in advance of World Alzheimer's Day, which is on September 21st, to discuss my research.
For more on my work, check out my website: [https://www.andrewbudsonmd.com](https://www.andrewbudsonmd.com/)and this research story:[http://www.bu.edu/today/2018/memory-lapses/](http://www.bu.edu/today/2018/memory-lapses/).
Ask me anything!
Hi everyone--I'm sorry that I haven't had a chance to answer everyone's questions, I will try to log back in later to answer more.
Till then, Keep Your Memory Strong!
What are the lifestyle changes one can take to slow down the progress of the disease?
Is there any medications and how do they act?
For lifestyle changes the data suggest that the Mediterranean diet and aerobic exercise are the way to go.
We go over this in more detail in our book Seven Steps to Managing Your Memory: What's Normal, What's Not, and What to Do About It [https://www.amazon.com/Seven-Steps-Managing-Your-Memory/dp/0190494956/](https://www.amazon.com/Seven-Steps-Managing-Your-Memory/dp/0190494956/)
Regarding medications, the currently available, FDA approved medications work to increase the levels of the brain chemical acetylcholine.
From the perspective of the individual and their family, these medications can turn the clock back by 6 to 12 months on the disease--making someone's memory the way that it was during that time.
It cannot, however, stop the clock from ticking down.
But people will always be 6-12 months better on the medications.
We cover this topic in our book as well.
&gt; Mediterranean diet

Are the benefits of this diet universal to everyone regardless of ethnicity given that different ethnicities process food differently (e.g.
lactose intolerance in east-Asian populations)?
Just to add to what OP replied, the biggest currently appreciated lifestyle related changes are actually vascular risk factors (keep your heart healthy!).
So smoking is a really big one, and so is maintaining a healthy weight and blood pressure.
Avoiding diabetes and not being socially isolated are also important.
Edit; the benefit of these is not only to slow down the disease, but it’s thought in many cases being healthy in these ways would completely prevent dementia.
A massive report last year estimated that if all known “modifiable risk factors” for dementia were 100% implemented across the whole population, the number of dementia cases would drop by 35%.
There is very little dairy in the Mediterranean way of eating and if it is included it’s typically small amounts of goat milk feta which is usually digested better.
Professor Budson, I have bought two books from you, the "Memory Loss" and "Seven Steps".
My grandpa has been ill for almost 6 years now.
And do you have any suggestions on any of the approved FDA medications?
Thank you.
Olive oil, nuts, green leafy veggies, broccoli, cauliflower, peppers, Avocado, mushrooms, lean meat (93% lean/cage free), fish etc will work for most people I would think.
I heard the drug does nothing and I'm a nurse we give it because it increases acetylcholine like you said which in theory should work but because there's no other drug we can give that's your best shot I may be wrong though but that's just from experience with giving the drug.
Plus if you ever read advertising for one of those drugs there's always FinePrint that says this medication has not been shown to work which is always funny to me.
no pizza?
Sorry memory...
I travel to a Greek Island every year.
Sadly the kids don't necessarily eat that diet.
I've never known broccoli in Greece.
Lived there.
Most feta in American groceries is from cow milk.
No comparison to goat milk feta which is best.
Mizithra too.
Agree!
Could a person without Alzheimer's benefit from taking this medication.
Would it make my normal memory stronger?
I was just give an example of a healthy diet for your brain.
I wasn't really naming the exact Mediterranean diet.
It's close.
I added broccoli and cauliflower due to their huge health benefits that people usually underplay.

Summary: 
I was just give an example of a healthy diet for your brain.
Is there any medications and how do they act?
And do you have any suggestions on any of the approved FDA medications?
I wasn't really naming the exact Mediterranean diet.
Would it make my normal memory stronger?
But people will always be 6-12 months better on the medications.
