Original Response: 
Some people might think this is a joke or troll or something, but I’m serious.
This is legit.
I’m a Christian guy in my early 20s.
I know I’ll always have the Lord, but I do fear growing old alone.
I really want a Christian girl to share my life with, but I have a big problem.
I hate sex.
It seems embarrassing and gross and dirty.
Now I’m not saying that it’s morally wrong within marriage, but I am saying that I might literally throw up if I ever do it.
It just plain disgusts me.
I know God made sex and stuff but it still seems gross to me.
My big dilemma is that, like I said, I do want a girl to share my life with.
I want to be a normal Christian husband/wife in every way minus sex.
I mean why couldn’t we just hug instead?
But I’m so afraid that I’m going to spend my entire life alone becasue I’ll never find a girl that is ok with never having sex.
It’s not like I don’t want kids.
I love kids, but we could adopt.
Right?
I don’t know.
Sometimes I just get so worked up about this.
I’m a single child and have very few friends, none close.
My parents are the only people that I see regularly.
Even as a Christian, the thought of life alone is scary.
I picture myself a depressed and lonely bitter old man living in a dirty little rundown shack all alone!
Mostly becasue I’m afraid this problem will prevent me from ever having a family.
Can you help any?
Prayers are much appreciated too.
Thanks a bunch and God bless.
Guy who hates sex?
Troll.
Seriously, I do.
I know it seems unusual.
I think it might be because I’m shy and lack confidence.
That and, when you think about it, sex is really gross.
I actually do have a sex drive though to some extent.
&gt; Asexual people do exist.
Like Todd?
It is possible that you are asexual.
And it is completely fine.
Asexual does not mean that there is no sex drive at all.
It means that person is not that interested in sex IRL.
Perhaps you should talk about this with a professional?
Are you sure you are asexual and do not have another problem.
I’ve never heard of asexual people being repulsed by sex.
They are usually just indifferent to it.
You need to unpack this nit sure you need a label but if it was me I would seek therapy well before getting into a relationship.
That way you know exactly where you stand and what you have to give.
The way you describe you life makes it sound like you have things you need to address.
&gt; when you think about it, sex is really gross.
I could not disagree more.
What's next?
A guy who likes to cuddle?
A guy who talks about his emotions?
A guy who asks for directions?
The madness!
I’m all the things you just listed...
A guy who likes to cuddle?
Troll.

Summary: 
I could not disagree more.
I know it seems unusual.
Asexual does not mean that there is no sex drive at all.
A guy who likes to cuddle?
I’m all the things you just listed...
That and, when you think about it, sex is really gross.
&gt; when you think about it, sex is really gross.
Sometimes I just get so worked up about this.
