Original Response: 
Didn't say cash, probably some bullshit apparel deal.
After taxes a mill is 600,000.
Man taxes are simple!
Nice perfect even numbers too.
You’re comment wasn’t relevant but at least I know what 1 million is always taxed at.
"Bullshit apparel deals" is the UFCs modus operandi (Reebok)
This is close to /r/NegativeWithGold material.
Maybe I saved somebody money?
Lol.
Oh no only $600,000?
How will they survive?
Oh no only $600,000?
How will they survive?
Oh it's totally not a bad thing unless you think it's really a million and you spend a million dollars and end up in huge debt LOL.
?
?????
It says 1 million dollars in the main announcement.
It also says 50 cent so.....yeah.
Things like signing bonuses, performance bonuses, and commission checks are taxed at 40% in the US.
I got a thousand dollar signing bonus when my union re-upped our labor agreement and ended up with an even $600 direct deposit.
Bump that decimal point a few slots and the dude’s correct.
That simply not true.
It’s simply disproven.
Even if you claim to be half right and are talking about withholding that doesn’t matter because withheld doesn’t mean you’re actually taxed at that rate 

https://blog.turbotax.intuit.com/income-and-investments/bonus-time-how-bonuses-are-taxed-and-treated-by-the-irs-8003/
Hmmm, looks like I gotta figure out where that extra 15% of my commission is going.
You have a unionized Sales job?
True.
I expect the average fighter isn't the best at managing their finances lol.
Baby we did it.
Yeah, but only as an entry-level employee.
If I take any other position within the company I lose my membership.
I don't even know what that means but the money is obviously not coming from 50 directly.
It's a business deal and he's the face of it.
I don't really see what there is to be skeptical about.
And how much when Rory converts it to crypto?
If If he does it now.
80% not good.
Telecommunications?
Yeah, you can click thru my profile and figure it out in two seconds.
It’s not a bad gig.
Rory?

Summary: 
After taxes a mill is 600,000.
I don't really see what there is to be skeptical about.
If If he does it now.
Maybe I saved somebody money?
It’s not a bad gig.
It says 1 million dollars in the main announcement.
