Original Response: 
It’s not your fault you didn’t force them to buy (I hope).
Have you explained to them about HODLing and the time frame here is 30-50 years.
Can *you* explain to me why the timeframe is "30-50 years?"
Actually somewhere between 100 and 850 years just to be safe on a bullish call...
Roughly to the retirement age of current millennials.
All bitcoin will be lost relatively soon because of lost keys, particularly when people die, so 850 is too long I think.
winning.
All bitcoin will never be lost.
Worst case, coins that are lost cause supply to dry up so price goes up and people deal in smaller denominations of bitcoin since it's divisible up to 8 decimal places.
It is even an easy code change to allow divisibility to however decimal places are deemed necessary, but I'd bet this never becomes necessary.
You may be right.
I assume that there is finite probability of loss so given time all will be lost if there are a finite number of storage apaches.
But I agree not very likely.
Hah yeah I guess we can confidently conclude they will all be lost with the heat death of the universe at the very least.
Interesting, so btc is deflationary?
Technically it has a known monetary inflation schedule that diminishes every 4 years or so up to the year 2140 at which point there is no more inflation.
At any point where lost coins over time amount to more than coins added in the inflation schedule by miners then Bitcoin will be deflationary.
This is monetary inflation/deflation which is different than price inflation/deflation.
Often times people argue about "inflation" and are each talking about very different things.
Bitcoin is often referred to as a deflationary currency.
This is based on the assumption that since Bitcoin has a set and limited supply, over time the value of bitcoins will rise in price as opposed to the USD for example that loses purchasing power over time.
&gt; and the time frame here is 30-50 years.
Man, we don't even know if we'll be alive in 10 years and you think anybody's interested in investments that take so long?

Summary: 
All bitcoin will never be lost.
&gt; and the time frame here is 30-50 years.
Interesting, so btc is deflationary?
