Original Response: 
Ya so newsflash: Subway fucking sucks.
I worked there for less than a week in high school and have never stepped foot in one since.
The whole place is just horrible.
Dude people love their subway (for some ungodly reason).
I can't stand them, I love fast food but never ever subway, they are complete and total shit, I hope I'm never forced out of desperation to eat their again in my life.
But, yeah, be prepared to be downvoted by people who have the palate and stomach of a goat.
Sorry to hear about your negative experience.
Would you mind sharing why you don't like it?
[lmao](https://i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/017/314/stop_liking_file.jpg)
Thank you!
The one I was at, and other locations that I’ve heard about from friends also, are mismanaged by incompetent people, unsanitary and the food is all frozen and processed junk.
I don’t mind junk food once in a while, but at least McDonalds doesn’t market their food as the healthy alternative.
You’re are getting the same nutritional value in most footlongs as you are a Big Mac.
They treat staff like shit with no real chance for upward mobility.
Understaffed chaos factories.
I’m sure I’m a little biased but obviously it was just my own experience and I’ve never worked in fast food other than this so I don’t know how it compares to the industry in general.
All this, and not to mention the whole Jared thing...
Go ahead and eat terrible quality food.
Eat literal garbage for all I care.
But don't call the garbage good food.
I've gotten in many arguments with people online and in real life over the quality of subway, I know what most people who eat it think about it.
If you took the meat out of the sandwich and ate it independently you would realize it is literally the lowest quality meat you could ever get.
Most people won't admit that though.
It's like taco bell, if you like taco bell, that's cool, but it isn't high quality health food.
The difference is that no one claims taco bell to be high quality healthy food like they do for subway.
If they did, I would call them fucking idiots.
Its not that people like subway that I have an issue with, its that they either don't realize, or actively argue against, what it really is.
But whatever, downvote downvote, like I care, enjoy your garbage sandwiches.
didn't downvote you, lol, I just think it's funny you're getting this upset over what other people enjoy eating.
More like perplexed, but fair enough.
This is my exact experience from working there a summer around 2002.
Even back then it was all processed food and food-flavored mystery meats/sauces.
The bread is what gets you the most calories, so it's almost impossible to eat healthy there unless you go all the fuck in on vegetables only, if only to compensate for the terrible bread.
They had the worst of the worst working there.
My second day on the job, everyone got fired at once, except for me, the new guy.
The new hires were awful.
I learned no real skills, except for what items were fully tracked, thus which things you could steal for lunch.
You were a Sandwich Artist.
Well when I was poor and 19/20 I worked minimum at Home Depot and I could go across the street and get two soft tacos, rice and beans for $2.50 and mix the later into the tacos.
If I was splurging I'd get two 7 layer burritos w/ground beef added.
Heck, I kept a gallon milk-jug of fucking kool-aid in my truck just to cheap out.
I never drank that stuff growing up.
(Kind of like Chappelle's GRAPE DRINK bit.)
Sure, I made plenty of spag-bol and tuna sammies, etc.
for work but that got tiresome on the ole shitty palate I had.
These days, I've worked up to having a Demeyer rivet-less heavy ass 10" SS/aluminum core pan, been baking bread for 15 years, eventually get my hands on a pressure cooker and just recently a sous vide.
Lovin' it.
What upward mobility is possible for a sandwitch artist ?
I actually consider lack of money a very acceptable reason to get subway, I was a poor student once too, I have eaten subway because it was cheap/convenient.
But I would never make the argument that its good food, I would make the argument that I'm poor and a 5$ footlong is a good deal.
Some of the people I know who still eat subway are making shit loads of money, they just eat subway because they like it and think its good food.
Like these people will buy whatever they want, 2000 keyboard, a new BMW, a pound of kush, whatever, then walk by three amazing (and cheap) restaurants and choose subway instead (???).
Also I have sympathy for anyone in a small town, I've been in my fair share where there isn't a lot of choices, although that is not a factor to the people I know.
Point being, eat whatever you want, but god damn, if you live in a big city and make good money subway is pretty much an objectively terrible choice.
While not defending Subway's ingredients, or arguing anything you've said as true or false, be wary of falling into the "processed foods are bad" fallacy.
"Processed" doesn't really mean shit nutritionally speaking.
It's all about the actual nutritional value.
You can get a nutritionally-complete "meal" in shake form, and that's all _heavily_ processed.
The real danger, and biggest problem in the American diet isn't the presence of "processed" foods, it's the overabundance of calories and types of foods that, while calorically dense, aren't _filling_, leading most people to become fatty blob monsters if they aren't careful.

You've got a very good point here: "processed" isn't necessarily the issue.
Figure out what whole grains are, what low GI/GL foods are, and you'll be a healthier person.
&gt; The real danger, and biggest problem in the American diet isn't the presence of "processed" foods, it's the overabundance of calories and types of foods that, while calorically dense, aren't  filling

One of the easiest "processed" foods to overlook is flour, where a slow-digesting material is made into a refined powder form that's more readily absorbed (kinda like Coca...).
A breaded pork-chop can look whole and healthy, but in the breading you have a calorie-dense nutrient-poor refined substance that's tailored to spike your insuline (which will match nicely with the a huge-ass soda, hrmmm).
Just cutting out refined flour and caloric beverages would make most fatty blob monsters into average DadBods...
[deleted]
Hahaha you’re right...Subway was never meant to be my place of employment for long.
&gt; You’re are getting the same nutritional value in most footlongs as you are a Big Mac.
That's just not true.
&gt;All this, and not to mention the whole Jared thing...

How is Subway in any way responsible for the crimes this man did?
I think subways success and failure paved a huge way for so many subs franchise but RIP Quiznos you will always be king in my heart.
If you wanna get mad read how the owner drove the business and all its franchisees into the ground and made off like a bandit.
Subway or Quiznos?
quiznos.
Yeah, an ex franchisee did an AMA.
Really deplorable.
[deleted]
Sounds like it'd make a cool documentary... or episode of AMERICAN GREED.
The first Quiznos is by my old house in Denver.
Still open and fucking amazing.
I'd kill for a turkey ranch and swiss right now.
I think I just walked by one the other day on my way to work (Toronto) are they independent now?
There are a handful in the bay area suburbs too.
Not sure what's going on here.
I liked Quiznos, but HOT ranch will always seem like a bad idea.
I lost my appetite for Quiznos for good after seeing their dead rat commercials.
They don't put the ranch on until after it comes out of their oven!

Summary: 
Eat literal garbage for all I care.
If they did, I would call them fucking idiots.
I never drank that stuff growing up.
Go ahead and eat terrible quality food.
Would you mind sharing why you don't like it?
But don't call the garbage good food.
Dude people love their subway (for some ungodly reason).
The whole place is just horrible.
Ya so newsflash: Subway fucking sucks.
I think I just walked by one the other day on my way to work (Toronto) are they independent now?
for work but that got tiresome on the ole shitty palate I had.
The difference is that no one claims taco bell to be high quality healthy food like they do for subway.
