Original Response: 
I don't wanna go into much details but I recently got baptized in the Eastern Orthodox church and accepted Jesus into my heart.
I truly feel reborn.
Islam doesn't take kindly to conversion.
Be safe.
You mean sectarian Islam.
The real Islam from the Quran teaches to believe and uphold the Gospel and the Tora.
Read it in 5:68.
It also says that there is no compulsion etc.
That's mostly the case in all religions.
Most of the time you find Truth in their Core Scripture.
But around the Scripture the sectarians invented fabrications which they say is the "second Law from God besides the Scripture".
I saw Satan playing this trick in every religion.
It doesn’t teach to believe and uphold those books.
It teaches to tolerate those who were born into those faiths, but still that they are wrong.
And it’s not sectarians inventing death penalty for apostasy.
The Quran is pretty clear about that.
See Quran 3:90, 4:91, 9:11-12.
I’ve lived in Arabia for years and have many Muslim friends that I love and respect, but the attempt to whitewash this religion as a misunderstood religion of peace can only be done if you really haven’t read the Quran.
That's important information.
Keep sharing the truth.
To be fair and balanced the Bible also teaches that it's a mark of fine character to be willing to use your child as a human sacrifice, genocide is a perfectly fine way to get a new homeland and women shouldn't be allowed to speak in church, so I guess all of our religious books oughta be taken with a grain of salt.
An English translation of the Quran - 5:47 And let the people of the Gospel judge with what God has sent down in it.
And whoever does not judge with what God has sent down, then these are the wicked.
An English translation of the Quran - 5:68 Say: "O people of the Book, you are not upon anything until you uphold the Torah and the Gospel and what was sent down to you from your Lord."
And for many of them, what was sent down to you from your Lord will only increase them in transgression and rejection.
So do not feel sorry for the rejecting people.
You have to read the Quran in context.
The King David had enemies, and there was war.
That was also the case with the Prophet Muhammad, the locals didn't want to lose their Idols, so they raged a war against Muhammad.
There is nothing wrong in self defense.
So reading in the right context is key.
It's about the people in that time.
You’re ignoring the fact that death is clearly recommended for those who convert from Islam to another religion.
The core message of the gospel is that Christ is the rightful king of heaven and earth, and that he has become it -that is the \*euangellion\*.
What that means in the lives of humans is that we are to be a part of that kingdom, and that we are reunited to God through His death on the cross and resurrection three days later.
Is this the same gospel you talk about?
The two examples you give actually involving murder are not commands given to christians.
Death for apostasy is a command given to Muslims.
As for women keeping silent in church.
Well...
There's some hermeneutics to do there but at the end of the day at least it doesn't condone beating them like the Quran does in surah 4:34.
So yeah.
Not much of a grain of salt required.
So you:

1) believe the God of the OT is the God of the NT, but are gonna dismiss the human sacrifice and genocide as pertaining to Judaism rather than Christianity?
Illogical.
2) admit that the Bible contains misogynist elements but at least it’s not as bad as in the Quran ergo it’s ok?
Illogical.
Never mind a grain of salt.
It’ll take one of those big pink Himalayan salt crystals with the candle in the middle to get me to return to the faith after reading the Bible with my adult brain turned on.
&gt; believe the God of the OT is the God of the NT, but are gonna dismiss the human sacrifice and genocide as pertaining to Judaism rather than Christianity?
Illogical.
I don't dismiss it.
I give those passages the full treatment they deserve.
I am saying that such passages are not commands for Christians.
Death for apostasy is a command given to Muslims.
That is the point I am making.
&gt; admit that the Bible contains misogynist elements but at least it’s not as bad as in the Quran ergo it’s ok?
Illogical.
No... that's... actually perfectly logical.
Somebody who makes misogynistic jokes about women, relative to somebody who rapes and murders women, is "ok".
The standard set by a text which calls for the beating of women should be one pertaining to the legality of hate speech.
Relative to that standard, a text that simply says women shouldn't speak in Church *is* ok.

Perhaps more importantly, I didn't admit the Bible contains misogynistic elements, I explicitly stated: "There's some hermeneutics to do there."
My point is, I think there's plenty to be said as far as justifying the New Testament texts on women.
Indeed, I have frequently debated with radical feminists and they have walked away admitting that Christianity is in fact not sexist.
My point is, even if you take the Bible completely at face value, there's no equivalence between it and the Quran.
If you want to discuss the implications of those passages for Christianity, I'd be happy to do that, as I have used my "adult brain" you so condescendingly referred to, to evaluate and reflect on these texts.
I don’t feel like discussing it to be honest.
I grew up the son of an evangelical minister and I’ve been around that bush more times then I care to count.
I know it will just result in us talking past each other.
Instead I’ll request you just sit and consider for only a moment that 

1) you said that compared to hitting women it’s ok to expect them to shut up once in a while and 

2) you worship a God who was like “Abram, do a child sacrifice for me” and Abram was like “Ok cool” then God was like “just kidding but good to know you’re into it should the need arise and also your descendants are going to murder thousands of people and take their cities” and Abram was like “nice so I can keep the son then” and God was like “oh yeah totally I’ll just settle for the blood of various farm animals for the next millenium” and with the application of some hermeneutics or whatever mental gymnastics you think this is still a reasonable story to blindly trust in the year 2018.
I’m gonna disengage from this conversation now, but thanks for reading and listening.
I forgot how infuriating I find it to think about this stuff.
Yeah... thinking about stuff sure must make you angry.
God be with you, brother.
No I love thinking about problems with solutions.
But there’s no solution to faith.
If you and millions of others think they should go through life guided by the principles of an archaic blood-thirsty power-hungry patriarchy because “you can feel it in your heart”.... that’s frustrating.
I see no difference between you and a Muslim except you use TP and they use left hand.
You’ll debate all day why yours is better and his means that but yours doesn’t mean that it really means this.
Historical context / hermeneutics / spirit it was intended blah blah blah it’s all mental gymnastics to justify why you’re going to heaven and have a reason to live and other people aren’t.
I’ve heard all this stuff so many times and at the end of the day

... ugh sorry I said I wasn’t gonna do this and now I am, lol.
Go in peace.
Practice your faith in peace.
Enjoy your subreddit in peace.
Sorry I’ve never come here to debate before, and didn’t mean to today.
Just wanted to shit talk Islam more or less lol.
I will refrain from doing so in the future.
Of course I will encounter Christians who believe Christian things on r/Christianity, and that’s ok ;)
Go in peace.
Yeah, Christ is the Second Adam.
God showed us that we should choose for the Way, Truth and the Life.
God knows what is better for us.
I think that is one of the biggest reasons we are on earth.
An English translation of the Quran - 2:256 There is no compulsion in the system; the proper way has been clarified from the wrong way.
Whoever rejects evil, and believes in God, indeed he has taken grasp of the strongest hold that will never break.
God is Hearer, Knower.
An English translation of the Quran - 109:6 "To you is your system, and to me is mine."
"Death penalty because you converted to another religion", that's what the sects do.
It's not Scriptural.
The sects/denominations do all sorts of things that are not in Scripture.
Yes, that's a huge problem.
But that's because they are being controlled by the Devil.
Muslim here.
Fullsarj is correct!
It is mostly a religion of peace, unless people try to drive you from your homes or block the acceptance of monotheism.
Okay, how does that justify genociding 60 million Hindus in their homeland since the Islamic invasion of India?
&gt;  It is mostly a religion of peace, unless people try to drive you from your homes or block the acceptance of monotheism.
What do you mean "block the acceptance of monotheism?"
Thanks, I never wanted to come across as anti-Islam.
I have hangups about the Abrahamic faiths in general but also lots of respect.
Holding up case studies of genocide can be applied to every world religion.
People suck.
God doesn’t.

Summary: 
God be with you, brother.
That is the point I am making.
I will refrain from doing so in the future.
I am saying that such passages are not commands for Christians.
It's about the people in that time.
That's mostly the case in all religions.
You have to read the Quran in context.
God knows what is better for us.
I think that is one of the biggest reasons we are on earth.
The Quran is pretty clear about that.
No I love thinking about problems with solutions.
Practice your faith in peace.
I don’t feel like discussing it to be honest.
I forgot how infuriating I find it to think about this stuff.
So do not feel sorry for the rejecting people.
I know it will just result in us talking past each other.
