Original Response: 
A very American coup: Murdoch, Turnbull and the power of a former Australian citizen.
Try washing your hands of him as much as you like mate, but a lack of responsibility is the very thing that makes Australia a joke today.
We created him, we’re partly responsible for him.
I didn’t read it that way.
I assumed that he meant that the US “invited” Murdoch to become a US citizen to own his media conglomerates (which he gladly did) but Aus hasn’t.
Our political system is being manipulated by someone who is now standing on the outside and looking in.
The newspapers he ran this through were hardly staffed by seppos.
I’ve seen a few times people on here trying to disown him just because he got US citizenship, so I assumed it was that again.
Can’t cherrypick the good parts of Australia and disown the rest, that’s pathetic tbh.
Yeah I totally see your point of view there too.
It’s like leaving your gate open and watching your dog run away and then later complaining about the damn strays.
he renounced his Australian Citizenship.
He's as much an Australian as Sam Dastiyari was a Turkish citizen.
I think you mean Iranian champ.
Don’t kid yourself.
Being Australian goes far beyond the declaration of citizenship.
It’s a part of the puzzle, but it certainly isn’t the be all and end all.
Murdoch inherited and built his empire here, and was an Australian for the first 54 years of his life.
Don’t move the goalposts just because it’s convenient.
Have you ever held a job?
Staff do what their boss tells them to do or they get sacked.
They also have the choice to quit if their conscience conflicts with their employers policies.
Mate?
You've got no 'mates' around here.
All you do is piss and moan about r/australia and the people that post here so why do you keep hanging around?
Did you get banned from Facebook?
Yeah, but the editorial staff and actual journos styled everything to suit Aussies.
Even if Murdoch is a yank now, it was an Australian style coup.
Cool story.
found the guy with "love it or leave it" tattoo.
G'day little champ.
How you doing sport?
Alright tiger see ya later.
Have a good one.
All the management are American.

Summary: 
he renounced his Australian Citizenship.
You've got no 'mates' around here.
Even if Murdoch is a yank now, it was an Australian style coup.
All the management are American.
I didn’t read it that way.
