Original Response: 
I have been with my girlfriend for over a year.
We currently attend the same college and live together.
Our relationship is really special and we love each other with all of our hearts.
She has been wanting to get a cat for about 8 months now.
I have made it very clear that at this point in our lives, I do not want a cat.
The reason being is because I just don't feel ready to commit to something that relies on me in order to live.
It's a time for us to have experiences with each other and focus on growing together and separately.
2 days ago, we were at an animal shelter.
We go about once a month just to spend time and love on the animals.
But this time, we walked out with a three month kitten that is precious.
During this decision process, I could see how much joy it would bring to my girlfriend, as she was ecstatic about the kitten.
When putting it away, another cat attacked the kitten we got and I made the knee jerk reaction of getting her.
For some reason, I couldn't turn my girlfriend down this time.
I felt like I was frozen in time and didn't want to disappoint her.
Now, I am very anxious about this decision.
We can definitely take care of her, as we are both responsible people, but I feel like this was the wrong decision to make.
I feel like I wouldn't be so indecisive and making myself sick thinking about it if it was the right decision.
I have found a home for her with one of my best-friend's, whom is 25, and his fiance, whom is 30.
They both just moved into a new house and have jobs at our university teaching.
Bringing this up to my girlfriend has severely hurt her and I don't know what to do.
Should I stick to what I followed before or should I stick it through, as my girlfriend is absolutely in love with her?
I understand that this situation is MY fault.
I was the one who gave it the go ahead and am now having second thoughts, potentially crushing my girlfriend.
Everything that has transpired is because of my decision.
Thank you for taking the time to read.
&amp;#x200B;

**TL;DR: Have been against getting a cat with my girlfriend for awhile and recently cracked.
I am now having second thoughts about having one.
**
Did you ask your girlfriend for her opinion before finding a new potential home for the kitten, or did you just go ahead on your own and then tell her after the fact?
What they said.
Also, if you legitimately adopted a kitten you can't just give it away.
In the contract it will state it must go back to the shelter it came from.
And you are way overthinking this.
A cat is easy, and there's a 99% your girlfriend will do all the work you're so afraid of, which isn't much at all.
[deleted]
It seems a little weird that she'd be okay with you doing that, given how heartbroken you say she was once you told her your friends could take it...
[deleted]
[deleted]
I asked her about it before hand.
She understands and wants me to be happy, but will be crushed if we follow through.
She sounds like the bigger person in the relationship then.
Because here YOU are, willing to go through with a decision YOU caused, despite knowing how unhappy and hurt it'll make her.
Maybe think on that for a bit.
The place we got it from is somewhat shady.
We adopted the cat without signing any types of papers, we just paid for her.
&gt;but will be crushed if we follow through.
Yeah, this pretty much means she’s going to resent you for rehoming the kitten after 2 days.

Summary: 
I have been with my girlfriend for over a year.
I asked her about it before hand.
I am now having second thoughts about having one.
Now, I am very anxious about this decision.
She has been wanting to get a cat for about 8 months now.
Everything that has transpired is because of my decision.
I have made it very clear that at this point in our lives, I do not want a cat.
