Original Response: 
As editorial page editor of USA TODAY since 2015, I oversee the four main types of Opinion content: debates (“Our view” paired with an “Opposing view”), op-ed columns, reader feedback and political cartoons.
The column I wrote about my son’s death from an overdose (“[The opioid crisis hits home – mine](https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/voices/2018/09/05/lost-my-son-opioid-crisis-and-nothing-can-bring-him-back-column/1137093002/)”) triggered an outpouring of comments from readers who are dealing with this awful affliction.
My wife and I have two other children, a daughter in New York and a son in Philadelphia.
I know the emotional and financial toll addiction can take on families, but I’m not qualified to dispense medical advice.
So Dr. Fishman is joining me for this AMA.
Dr. Fishman is a psychiatrist and a faculty member in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.
He is the medical director of Maryland Treatment Centers and a national expert on adolescent addiction treatment and program development.
Proof: https://twitter.com/USATODAY/status/1041706622891028481

Edit: Thank you for all your questions.
Unfortunately, that's all we have time for today.
We will try to get to some of the unanswered questions later.
USA TODAY created a Facebook group called 'I Survived It.'
It's a supportive place for people to share their stories of surviving seemingly insurmountable challenges and for others to find hope in community.
If you're interested, join us in this group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/survivedit/
I’m gutted for you, and all the other families this has happened to.
It just seems like there is no end in sight to this, that it keeps getting worse.
Tell me there’s a glimmer of hope, that the tide might be showing signs of at least slowing?
Thank you.
You're right, the overdose death data continues to get grimmer.
If there's a glimmer of hope, it's on the prevention side, where prescriptions of opioid painkillers are falling rather dramatically.
Also, the scope of the crisis -- nearly 200 people a day dying of drug overdoses -- has mobilized a public policy response.
\-- B. Sternberg

&amp;#x200B;
Thanks for your response.
I’m glad to hear fewer prescriptions are being written.
I know Florida has been possibly the biggest problem in this area, is this still true?
Sadly, I’m writing this from my bed in Florida where I have a bottle of OxyContin within reach.
Why are you so determined to paint this as a prescribing problem?
Miscasting the problem is directly leading to deaths.
You should know better.
As prescribing goes down the deaths are not going down, they're going UP.
But that makes sense.
The increased perscription rate in the 2000's introduced millions of people to opioids, then we made them less available around 2010-2012.
So use of other opioids started to explode immediately after.
https://mffh.org/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/Overdose-deaths-01.png.
Are you saying that bad doctors are being hired and that's the issue?
It started with big pharma realizing they could make butt loads of money off selling opioids to the public.
Then, doctors caught wind, and pain scale became how a doctor or institution was judged.
The biggest goal was to get your patient out of pain.
Boom.
That happened everywhere - not just a few bad hires.
Similar situation as you, I am in my late 30's and have been on Hydrocodone for about 10 years.
Unlike many users of the drug, Hydrocodone is a delayed release, and I have not increased my dosage in the 10 years that I have been on them.
I got into a bad car accident in a very old car, they just pulled out right in front of me, and I have been unable to do things without these drugs.
I work a full time job with them, and can life about 75 pounds.
Without them, I can barely walk, and I constantly need to change positions when sitting and laying down.
For me, they are a miracle, and have allowed me to live a productive life, and contribute to society.
Without them, I would not be able to work, and would be a sponge on the system, which I would become depressed about rapidly.
The toughest thing about the medication is getting the looks when I get them filled.
The judgemental looks that I get from whoever takes the script is unbearable, 5 years ago it was all smiles, now it is all suspicion and doubt, I can't stand it.
[deleted]
Very sorry to her this.
The stigma is probably one of the worst aspects of this "epidemic" mostly because it discourages some to ask for help when it's needed, and it also paints a bad picture for anyone trying to rid themselves of the addiction.
It's crazy because everyone thinks, "Oh, that would never happen to me," until it's too late.
Yeah, I have an addictive personality, but I never fell down the rabbit hole of pills addiction.
I had cancer surgery last week and got the oxy script for that.
I got 18 pills and only took 3 of them to deal with the pain the first couple of days post.
I won’t take the rest, pills just aren’t of any interest to me and my surgical pain has lessened naturally.
It’s just luck though, it could have gone the other way easily, and has for many I know and love.
Good luck, I hope the tide turn soon for you and everyone else in the grip of this nightmare.
There is an amazing book about how the over prescribing of opioids and targeting marketing have directly led to the crisis we find ourselves in today titled [*Dopesick: Dealers, Doctors, and the Drug Company that Addicted America*](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B078D67JCF/ref=dp-kindle-redirect?_encoding=UTF8&amp;btkr=1) by Beth Macy.
The majority of it is set where I live so I’ve seen (and personally struggled with) this firsthand.
Obviously, doctors and Big Pharma are not the **sole** cause but they do, in fact, deserve the lions share of the blame.
It is an easy read though I checked out the audiobook from my local library.
I live in S Fla, the epicenter of dirty Drs and pill mills.
It seems that the legal weed in addition to new guidelines, have really put out the opi fires.
There's people literally dying, the stigma is not the worst part.
Re-read my comment, then get back to me.
I said one of the worst parts.
BTW, it’s ‘dying’.
Spelling corrected, but I still don't think that stigma is one of the worse parts.
Well sir, you are certainly entitled to your opinion.
I am literally dying of terminal cancer in my bones.
It is difficult for me.
I need opiates, unfortunately, to have any quality of life.
I am supposed to be exempt from many of the opioid protocols, but I still get asked why I am taking opioids by the pharmacist.
I have trouble getting my meds.
I am terribly saddened by the loss of life, and  I also need help.
The shortages are a real problem.
Well, if people in your situation just off themselves, then it's not an opioid-related death!
Speaking seriously, suicide is common among those with chronic pain.
I resist being diagnosed as depressed because I'm pretty happy given my own circumstances, but on any standard screening form, I'll come up that way.
Pain isn't fun, who would have guessed?
Of course there are books being sold to support and promulgate the lie that being tough on doctors, pharmacies and the producers of controlled substances will fix this.
As doctors have to fire their pain management cases and quit accepting new ones, or cease practicing altogether, the number of people who cannot get medical management of their pain goes up.
Some turn to heroin and street fentanyl, you bet.
The rate is highest in those counties that no longer have access to pain management, even for chronic conditions, post-surgical pain, and terminal conditions.
So, let me get this straight...

You don’t know what the methodology or conclusion of the book is but you’re going going to blanket decree it as a “lie”?
That’s just sad and the exact type of thinking that has landed us in this predicament.
Maybe you should actually read it before you jump to (incorrect) conclusions about the substance of the book.
God bless and have a nice day.
I'm upvoting because your argument is reasonable and well thought out, but I don't agree with you.
Opioids are hardly a great tool for pain, but once a patient doesn't get relief from or cannot take NSAIDs, has tried TENS and cupping and acupuncture and chiropractic treatment, and ALL the things, opioids are still the bulk of what's left in the toolbox.
No, I believe very, very few doctors overprescribed to the point of killing patients.
People willing to buy heroin, etc., on the street, from strangers, and put that substance into their body?
They are the problem here.
They are the ones overdosing.
It's tragic when it's a kid, but adults who do it are fully responsible for their own bad judgment.
That said, our focus should be on offering help, not locking people up in our well-reviewed Schools for Criminals.
I’m in a similar boat, been on a stable dose of meds for over 6 years.
I see the same PM doctor, and use the same pharmacy for all my meds.
I’ve built up a rapport with the pharmacy staff, they know my situation, and I get smiles and great service every month.
One time, a few days before my next pain meds script I was in the pharmacy and the pharmacist told me, that she noticed it was almost time for my next refill and that they had put the order in so they’d have my meds instock in a few days when my script was due.
This is at a large corporate pharmacy, not some mom and pop shop.
But I totally get where your coming from, I went through 3 different pharmacies in this chain before I found one that worked for me.
It’s one of the smaller, lower volume stores around me, as the larger ones basically treated me like shit and would constantly be “out of stock”.
You told me what it said.
:shrug: If it's an easy read, I have to assume you understood it correctly.
I've had the same pain management doc for 15 years.
He has kept me unaddicted (I have had to stop a few times for various reasons, and it's always easy) and adequately treated for all that time.
He doesn't deserve the crap being handed to him and I don't deserve the share he MUST pass down to his patients.
I've always been 100% compliant with his prescriptions.
I have had my same pain management doctor for a little less time than that but still a very long time.
We work together well and have similar results as you.
The truth is, we are privileged to have *good doctors*; others, legions of them, do not.
But just because *we* have good doctors does not negate the fact that there is and has been serious ethical and professional boundaries that have been crossed by a significant number of them.
And Big Pharma has a huge corrupting influence on that.
To deny that is to deny reality.
That’s not a value judgement; that’s simple fact.
I don't have time to respond to this adequately, but how tf do you think the people are getting to the point where they would shoot up?
Dependency.
From the drugs their doctor once prescribed them haphazardly.
Edit: also you can believe whatever you like but studies have shown that this is the truth.
Right?
And the constant posts of "it's been proven that a combination of tylenol and ibuprofen is equally effective" have CLEARLY never had serious chronic pain.
I can't even tell I've taken them, the pain doesn't change at all and I've been on very strong NSAIDs as well as steroids and injections etc.
Flawed studies are more than commonplace--they are pervasive in medicine.
I've had to go with my mom to the pharmacy because of how she gets treated by the pharmacist and their assistants.
Absolutely disgraceful to treat people so negatively as a healthcare professional.
The judgement and pain are a part of why the epidemic has gotten so bad.
Overprescribing opiates is bad, but I think that not prescribing any at all is absurd.
There are a lot of people who need painkillers and aren't getting it.
Are they supposed to just live in pain for the rest of their life?
No they shouldn't, and they wouldn't and you wouldn't either if you were in a lot of pain.
So a lack of getting clean opiates is actually a harm because those very people can turn to heroin because no one will help them.
And then their friends will, maybe their children.
That's what happened to me with my very own mom and im only 23 years old.
Addiction to opiates is the worst form of addiction.
Even after you get clean, you still crave it.
Years down the line even.
Making a blanket policy of not prescribing any painkillers or very few is a bad move though, it does the opposite of what you think it will.
Coming from my own experience in the drug world.
I may be misunderstanding your point, but the over-prescribing is where many people got addicted.
Many people don’t realize they can become physically dependent on a substance even if they are taking it exactly as prescribed.
There’s a difference between dependence and abuse, but in both, the medications become *needed* by the body.
Cutting prescriptions is a good step - it will hopefully *prevent* many people from ever becoming physically dependent on the meds and therefore also lower the amount of people who end up abusing opiates.
Part of the reasons deaths are going up as prescriptions go down, however, is that people who have become addicted to their medications suddenly can’t get what they need, and end up turning to heroin as an alternative.
People who are prescribed opiates need help detoxing from them and finding alternative pain relief options so they don’t have to turn to heroin and end up overdosing.
There are multiple reasons why opiate use and abuse has become an epidemic, and there are multiple solutions needed to end it.
That's true, but the point is that opioids were not needed much of time they were prescribed in the past few decades.
I got opioids when I had my wisdom teeth pulled and again when I had my appendix out.
I took maybe one dose of each, and in retrospect didn't need them at all.
The goal isn't to prevent the people with real pain problems from getting opioids (though certainly some of that has happened as a reaction to the crisis).
The goal is to avoid prescribing them to the many people who can get by without them, thereby reducing the number of people exposed *and* reducing the amount of pills that are out there.
&gt;  just live in pain for the rest of their life

additionally, not the ones who overdose on heroin trying to cope with the pain.
or the ones who kill themselves because they can't manage the pain anymore.
also, my heart breaks for you.
Prescriptions falling are patients in need being cut off from life saving medication.
Prescriptions falling is not progress.
Prescriptions falling is chronic pain patients being tortured and killed off to make the numbers look "better".
And they are extensively well documented to have been used as an excuse to cut off pain patients from all help when the data was showing something like 80% of overdoses coming from heroin.
Whoever downvoted your posts just doesn't understand what's happening.
Again.
Prescription numbers going down represent the mass murder of chronic pain patients through deliberate medical neglect, not any kind of actual improvement for anyone.
Deaths are going up.
At least one in ten suicides in the US is being caused by unmanaged chronic pain.
If you had the resources of the government, what would be the quickest and powerful way to combat this epidemic?
Like, full legalization of all drugs so you *know* exactly what dose you're getting and don't have to share needles is a massive undertaking, but would be drastic in the decrease of harm.
What do you think the realistic first step is?
Good question and I’m curious as well.
Also, any thoughts on the idea of having clinics where addicts can go to get drugs while medical staff are standing by and narcan is available?
You have to attack it aggressive from both the prevention and treatment sides.
On prevention, limit new opioid prescriptions in duration and only for patients for which there are no better options.
On treatment, we need much better consumer-friendly information on what works and which providers/centers are following evidence-based approaches.
\-- B Sternberg.
Decriminalization -- that is backing off on previous excessively punitive penalties on use -- is a good direction.
But that is very different than legalization.
It is important that the society send a strong social message that these substances are very harmful, and legalization is the wrong message, as it decreases perceptions of harm.
&amp;#x200B;

\-- Marc Fishman.
Can you really make that argument given the consistent anti smoking messages across the globe?
Wouldn't education and working on fixing the reasons why some people abuse drugs be a better way to approach the problem rather than limiting what patients can take?
The current approach is not working for the chronic pain community.
Day after day, you can read horror stories of people being denied their pain medication when they need them to work, or even just be on a functional level.
I've read of doctors choosing to stop treating chronic pain patients because they are scared of prescribing opioids.
Some doctors completely refuse to renew pain medication and go as far as letting patients go into withdrawal.
I know that there are some in the chronic pain community that feels no empathy for people abusing drugs and making things harder for those who need that medication to live, but I do think that they need help just like we do.
It just irks me in all these talks about the drug epidemic when people fail to take into account the people who live day after day in tremendous pain and need these medication to survive.
People can learn that drugs are harmful through a better education system, not through overdosing on tainted street drugs or by having their lives ruined by being convicted of a felony due to archaic drug laws that attempt to enforce morality.
&gt; On prevention, limit new opioid prescriptions in duration 

This has been happening for ten years and the numbers of deaths and addicts continues to rise.
Maybe these addicts aren't starting out on prescriptions?
Maybe they are already drug abusers who decide they want something stronger and turn to heroin?
Decriminalization typically means that manufacture, distribution, and sale are illegal.
This generally means that the drugs are far less regulated and thus far less safe.
Why is it better for the drugs to be less safe, but the right message is sent as opposed to ensuring that the supply is safe, while we also go out of our way to ensure that people understand that the harm is real?
Full legalization of all drugs sounds like a really bad idea.
It only takes a week or so to become addicted.
As other commenters here have said, limiting is often worse because people turn to powerful fentynl spiked street drugs when they run out.
I know how it sounds, but why?
Having regulated purity and doses is a great way to reduce harm.
I guess it's the balance, people who would have never tried vs people who already have and would benefit from the safety.
I think the latter group outweighs the first.
Very logical and well thought out.
Thank you for responding!
I really appreciate what you're doing.
Well, do you mean legalizing all drugs?
Like everything?
Think about it this way: lawn darts were banned because despite being advertised as for adults only and warning that it was risky to play, it was killing and injuring kids thanks to its inherent design.
People still overeat despite putting calorie information front and center on packaging because the fast food industry specifically makes food addictive.
Legalization won’t fix overdoses.
Because that’s still enabling the addiction and chasing the dragon.
Portugal hasn’t legalized all drugs.
That’s a myth.
What they’ve done is decriminalize possession.
They prosecute dealers and traffickers to the full extend of the law.
But if you’re caught, you’re forced into rehab and have to regularly meet with drug court probation officers.
It’s a lot like when you get admitted for attempted suicide.
There’s no corner heroin stores.
You can’t die from marijuana, that’s why legalization has been so easy for that.
But it’s a stupid libertarian delusion to think that one day you can go to the head shop for your choice of heroin, cocaine, or meth and that it’s only knowing what’s in it will prevent deaths.
Addicts WANT the fentanyl.
Because once you’ve developed a tolerance for normal heroin, you need something stronger to get that high like the first time.

Summary: 
I know how it sounds, but why?
I have trouble getting my meds.
I said one of the worst parts.
I really appreciate what you're doing.
The biggest goal was to get your patient out of pain.
Well, do you mean legalizing all drugs?
I need opiates, unfortunately, to have any quality of life.
They are the ones overdosing.
Overprescribing opiates is bad, but I think that not prescribing any at all is absurd.
There are a lot of people who need painkillers and aren't getting it.
Well, if people in your situation just off themselves, then it's not an opioid-related death!
It only takes a week or so to become addicted.
From the drugs their doctor once prescribed them haphazardly.
I see the same PM doctor, and use the same pharmacy for all my meds.
I think the latter group outweighs the first.
or the ones who kill themselves because they can't manage the pain anymore.
The toughest thing about the medication is getting the looks when I get them filled.
Pain isn't fun, who would have guessed?
It is difficult for me.
I may be misunderstanding your point, but the over-prescribing is where many people got addicted.
The current approach is not working for the chronic pain community.
The judgement and pain are a part of why the epidemic has gotten so bad.
Portugal hasn’t legalized all drugs.
I took maybe one dose of each, and in retrospect didn't need them at all.
I am terribly saddened by the loss of life, and  I also need help.
Even after you get clean, you still crave it.
No, I believe very, very few doctors overprescribed to the point of killing patients.
I have had my same pain management doctor for a little less time than that but still a very long time.
Maybe these addicts aren't starting out on prescriptions?
Are they supposed to just live in pain for the rest of their life?
I've had the same pain management doc for 15 years.
Re-read my comment, then get back to me.
