Original Response: 
Why not 50/50?
Because it's already stacked 70/30 to the Catholic and independents.
So change it 50 percent each?
Surely that's not hard to agree on?
Why are _any_ public funds used for non-public education?
If you're a papist and you want a papal education why isn't the pope paying for it?
Because education is a right.and everyone deserves it?
If people want to pay more for extra stuff then let them?
Preach.
I was at a party where a guy was complaining about catholic school prices and how hard it is to buy another property.
Would have punched him if he wasn’t my brothers friend.
Nobody is stoping religous people from spending as much as they want on religion.
For it to be fair, the public system would require the same amount (~$10000 per student) per school, plus the SES means testing, let alone the parent contributions (which can be ~1500-3000 or so per child).
All that would probably need a couple more billion dollars and for it to be spread something like 15/85 to public schools for all the systems to be getting an equivalent and equitable amount of money.
Why don't we pay 50:50 to the ABC and Foxtel?
Why don't we pay 50:50 to the army and mercenaries?
One is public assets going to publicly owned, publicly responsible assets, the other is throwing money at things that are private enterprises.
If the right want to be capitalists and want a free market, they need to learn what not-getting subsidies is like first.
If it's about choice,  and they're genuinely better options, by capitalistic logic they'll be fine.
If they're not, they *should* fold.
But at the end of the day i shouldn't be paying taxes for private dickheads to get richer.
You made no attempt to address the response to the previous time you said this.
Are you ScoMo?
If you want to argue, go for it.
You need an argument though.
Good things cost money.
That has been the case since the start of education.
All schools should have the same basic things needed for the national curriculum funded by the government.
All extras is up to the school funding by parents or fundraising.
I'm not and don't even like the guy.
I dislike all pollies equally.
They all suck.
The greens have some good ideas, but that's all they are.
Ideas.
But if the government has to fund everything for some schools, and the other schools charge parents, those schools can get everything they needed and more.
Not every area has wealthy enough parents to cover fancy blazers and compound microscoes per student (let alone per class).
Throwing away public education will entrench poverty traps deeper (à la the USA), whereas funding public schools more than private schools increases social mobility and creates a better educated workforce.
With manual labour / menial jobs folding under automation, Australia needs to transition to being a tech/stem/brain powered economy as fast as possible.
Everyone given the chance to learn can do STEM, it's a broad field, but kids need a genuine opportunity.
Locking that opportunity up exclusively with the kids whose parents could afford to pay for their uni fees in Panama-channelled cash is fucking stupid and cruel.
i would cry if we could get compound microscopes for every student at my school ;_;
"[Good things](https://www.childabuseroyalcommission.gov.au/case-studies/case-study-06-toowoomba-catholic-school-and-catholic-education-office)".
Education is indeed a right.
They have a place waiting for them in the public system.
Don't like that and want to go to a private school, tough luck, that's on you to pay for.
No they don't.
At least not in my area, the public schools are all full.
More federal funding to public schools isn't going to fix that, there also needs to be more state funds going in for operational costs as well as increased state funding for capital costs.
Dude that's like saying woolies should get the same funding as a food bank

One of these proves a necessary service for free.
The other adds perks and charges for it.
&gt; If people want to pay more for extra stuff then let them?
They can do so at a public school.
If they want to opt out of the public system, why should we fund their personal choices?
&gt; Because education is a right.and everyone deserves it?
That's why we fund public schools.
Fee charging schools are not giving everyone an education.
&gt; If people want to pay more for extra stuff then let them?
We don't ban people paying for extra stuff.
But we also don't have to contribute.
If it's lively debate you're after maybe stick to safe topics like cars and boats.
All you're doing here is demonstrating your lack of knowledge on the subject, in case it wasn't obvious from the downvotes.
No one's stopping you.
But if you want to pay more for extra - YOU pay more for extra.
Don't start taking money from the public purse because you have a yen.
&gt; All schools should have the same basic things needed for the national curriculum funded by the government.
All extras is up to the school funding by parents or fundraising.
I don't like segregation in education.
So I what financial support for it.
If you like segregation in education then you might have a different view.
Because the govt couldn’t afford for all the kids currently going to private schools to all now go public- they don’t have the infrastructure- it would be a shit storm that would screw education for a generation... unless the govt did it well...but I think we all know they won’t.
&gt;Why are *any* public funds used for non-public education?
Because they are schools?
Schools need money.
They literally couldn't exist without government funding.
In that regard, there's no difference between public and private schools.
Plus, without private schools, public schools couldn't exist.
Consider: if private schools received zero government funding, then they'd have to increase parent fees dramatically .
This would result in the majority of families being unable to afford private schools.
Where would they go?
To the public system of course.
Then what?
Then the public system would dramatically increase in size, thereby requiring more government funding.
The fact is, giving funds to private schools helps public schools too, for the simple fact that the public system could not possibly sustain itself if it were responsible for teaching entry child in Australia.
A 50/50 split makes sense.
I don't think there's anything wrong with a community of parents pooling extra resources on top of the amount  provided by the government, and honestly I don't see why that means they should receive less.
&gt;They have a place waiting for them in the public system

No they don't.
If school A is private with 800 students and school B is public with 800 students, how is school B going to accommodate 1600 students if the private school shuts due to lack of funding??
They would require new buildings, staff, resources, etc.
That costs money.
So in effect you are just taking money from school A  and closing the school, and giving that money  to school B.
Pointless.
You realise that the public system would require much more funding if private schools were all shut down, right?
That makes no sense.
What's the difference?
Your tax money goes to help all schools, even ones in other cities.
What is the difference to you if it goes to a private school you've never heard of compared to a public school you've never heard of?
Only at the federal level.
At the state level, it’s stacked so far the other way its not even funny.
Well, a sane person would look at a school requiring expanded facilities for more students and then allocate them more money.
Much like we do in real life.
Or did you think that Waverley High gets as much money as the p-grade in Moe?
&gt; If the right want to be capitalists and want a free market, they need to learn what not-getting subsidies is like first.
That would also mean getting rid of all taxes and not funding public schools either.
&gt;But at the end of the day i shouldn't be paying taxes for private dickheads to get richer

I like this line though must remember it for the next free uni debate.
In SA land zones for education cannot be used for any other purpose, so if the catholic schools closed and no subsidies to any other parties were forthcoming there would be no other potential purchasers of the sites and they would be worthless.
If the catholic development fund decided to sabotage that by demolishing the buildings, some halfway competent spin should make sure they get all the blame and that the government can tax them to make them pay to rebuild the schools.
Should've sent him to one of the catholic schools (which is the vast majority) that cater for the low-middle class where fees are about $3-4K/year.
The federal government shouldn’t be spending any money on schools at all (ditto local transport and all the other things it mucks about with), they should be giving an unconditional block grant to the state based on some fixed fairness formula to divvy up the excess federal taxes (since states have had their taxation powers squelched) and the states should be the sole arbiters of the use.
I am OK with tax funded education, rather than private fee funded education.
I am OK with removing negative gearing, increasing land tax, removing the CGT discount, increasing the GST and introducing a carbon tax with proper compensation.
Now, since I am in the mood for some down votes, I will add this:

  * Culture is important in education.
* Parents and Kids who value education can contribute to a culture the promotes higher educational outcomes.
* Therefore if private schooling declined then educational outcomes would improve.
* We know this because we have the data on outcomes when schooling became more segregated.
So you would be against universal basic income as well?
&gt;  The fact is, giving funds to private schools helps public schools too, for the simple fact that the public system could not possibly sustain itself if it were responsible for teaching entry child in Australia.
Of course we can create a public school system than can teach every child.
There are plenty of countries that a much less wealthy than Australian where education is 100% public.
Can we create one in a second, no.
An hour, still hard.
But given time, as private schools shut, we buy the buildings and hire the teachers,

&gt; A 50/50 split makes sense.
I don't think there's anything wrong with a community of parents pooling extra resources on top of the amount provided by the government, and honestly I don't see why that means they should receive less.
I prefer all children to get a great opportunity to learn and have opportunities.
I would prefer a cohesive and united society where people saw themselves as equal and connected to other people.
Not a country of the privileged and disadvantaged.
Your local public school has to take any child in area.
Nonsense, it's perfectly possible to construct enough schools to educate all Australian children.
Then that tells us public education is underfunded, not that we need to subsidize private education further.
What?
That's a fundamentally different concept.
A universal income to individuals is by definition not giving money to an individual private enterprise.
I mean kudos for attempting such a wild strawman, but obviously that's not what I'd said.
Local school has started to send kids to a different catchment area due to overcrowding in classrooms.
You will be able to get into the local public school but class sizes are around the 35 students per class mark.
I'm not arguing that they should affect society, I'm saying that if they genuinely want anarcho-capitalism, we should treat them as anarchists and let them flounder outside of society.
If they want to be individuals they still need to pay taxes, but their businesses are free to live outside that system (and outside all the electricity and water that comes with society)
There certainly are issues with growth in some areas.
35  in a class is not typical.
Here is the overall data on class sizes.
https://www.cese.nsw.gov.au//images/stories/PDF/class-size-bulletin-2017-AA.pdf



Here is my understanding of the class funding rules in NSW:

The primary teacher staffing formula was revised so no Kindergarten class need exceed 26 students, no Year 1 class need exceed 28 students, no Year 2 class need exceed 29 students and no Year 3 to Year 6 class need exceed 30 students.
The secondary teacher staffing formula was revised so that no Year 7 to 10 class need exceed 30 students and no Year 11 and 12 class need exceed 24 students.
I'm WA.
We've had rapid population growth in a lot of areas and the public services haven't kept up with the growth.
We have similar guidelines (or at least I was told so by friends who are teachers) but due to facilities not keeping up with growth there is this shortfall.
There are a lot of demountables in use one of the local schools no longer has an oval because they have covered it in demountable classrooms.
&gt;They would require new buildings, staff, resources, etc.
That costs money.
So in effect you are just taking money from school A and closing the school, and giving that money to school B.
Correct.
That's the point, government funding for government schools, private funding for private schools.
Private Schools, by being private, should be allowed to control their content, student body, and fee structure as well as employment standards, but in return they don't get any government funding.
Right now we have a Frankenstein problem where private schools get to lobby for increasing independence to operate on their own terms, and still take larger and larger slices of the funding pie, so they anyone who doesn't fit private school standards for admission get's to be disadvantaged.
At best we have burdensome regulation and oversight designed to mitigate a problem we are creating in the first place.
We need to work to undo this status quo.
I accept that you can't transition all at once, but they don't even want to try.
I agree - it’s a weird situation because I don’t know that anyone wants ‘papal rule/education’ or whatever it was, but if we stopped paying school fees and the govt had to cop all the bills it would be a disaster!
Even if they left the schools, the govt would now have to pay for all those teachers, maintenance etc.
I don’t think they could without some amazing planning - something that our govt sucks at...
Catholic schools pay slightly more than state schools in SA (and most independent schools pay more than that), plus they waste a whole line on RE lessons which could be dropped to trim staff headcount without reducing useful educational outcomes (plus the assistant principal’s salary saved by not having religious identity and mission).
They also have more expensive finance costs than the government, and in the long run there’d be savings from unifying IT systems and administrative overheads, deduplicating sites and facilities (as they’re doing with state schools in SA), and so on.
I vaguely agree with you but there needs to be a balance where you don't piss people off by forcing their tax dollars to a (sadly) lower quality public education.
We definitely need to improve our society education standards continually but i believe this should happen slowly over the long term while still respecting people's option to choose the style/quality of their kids education.
There are lots of demountables here in Sydney too.
All out local public schools are pretty full and growing as more and more apartments are built.
The only reason our closest primary schools have enough space is they have no selective streams and during the GFC they used the money to add classrooms.
Still they have to stagger lunch time so the kids don't get crushed in the playground.
The local catholic school is worse off for space and they banned running.
That is still out of the reach of a lot of people.
Did you mean low to middle class or lower middle class?
Poor kids.
We have all these programs trying to encourage kids to exercise more and be more active and then on the otherhand we're pulling these shenanigans.
We need to invest more in infrastructure and forward planning but it just isn't ever improving.
The planning is not awesome.
Everything is bursting at the seams.
We much higher investments in infrastructure.
And it needs to be consistent, you can't cancel it all when a downturn hits.
If anything you should boost it in a downturn to reinject activity.
It's also when the cost will be lowest because companies are trying to get the few contracts that are out there.
&gt;Private Schools, by being private, should be allowed to control their content, student body, and fee structure as well as employment standards, but in return they don't get any government funding.
But they don't do this.
They must adhere to government standards.
As such, they get funding.
This should not be a hard concept to grasp.
Yeah, I know.
And that's been done.
We have enough schools, and they all receive funding.
It doesn't matter if  a million dollars are going to only public, or if half a million to public and half a million to private.
It's still a million dollars going to schools.
&gt;But given time, as private schools shut, we buy the buildings and hire the teachers,

Yeah, but why?
What is the point?
"we must close this school so that we can open a school"

All that happens if you shut down private schools is you remove choices.
But... you're saying some schools shouldn't get any money.. .
No.
The posit was Private School A and Public School B and the claim that if A wasn't getting funding PLUS the fees it charges, it would somehow collapse and push all its students into B (as opposed to reality of parents schooling elsewhere because they want the prestige, not convenience) which would promptly fall over because the original poster lives in an imaginary world where all public schools get the same amount of funding, regardless of attendance levels.
If you're a private institution, with private rules of exclusion and service, then you don't get public funds, which are earmarked for *everyone*
&gt;you don't get public funds, which are earmarked for *everyone*

But...
The attendees of a private school are part of "everyone" .
They are literally Australian citizens benefiting from government funding for schools the same way a public school student does.
Here's my view, The government should help with private schools but in no way should they be funding them excessively to the point where we give them a few extra billion dollars.
The government input into private schools should be limited.
Somewhere along the lines people have got it into their head that pulling funding from private schools is a good idea.
its not.
but excessively funding them is especially when they are privately funded.
People send their kids to privates schools due to the tailored nature of what is taught.
ie if you're an islamist you send your kids to a school which teaches islam.
same with catholisim, same with scientology etc.
In no way should the tax payers be funding private schools more than is totally necessary.
Except they don't serve everyone.
They set specific rules of exclusion and demand the right to dictate who they can and cannot serve.
The instant they do that, they are literally private, not public.
Publicly funded institutions don't get to choose their clientele.
It's not, but I'm saying it's pointless overhead.
Why have non-government schools ad-hear to government standard, especially when they've indicated in the past they don't want to, especially around staff practices and student admissions?
Let private schools be fully privatized, and let the government focus on improving the public education system, instead of trying to manage this quasi-public mess.
Yes but by giving money to those who don't need more, you're ensuring that those without *the power* to choose, are screwed over!
Fuck that!
This brings us back to the initial point that you've missed: full privatisation will cost the taxpayer more money, because public schools would then  require far more than they currently get.
I agree that  private schools shouldn't get more than a fair share, and I also think that disadvantaged schools should get better funding (remote communities, etc).
But to say that private schools shouldn't get anything is completely naive and ignorant.
I didn't miss it, I assumed you already understood the implication.
Money would be re-purposed from the current private school budgets, as you have *already* stated.
Since we are automatically working on the assumption that public school use that funding less efficiently than privates schools, which can be the only direction you would take this argument, it should also be noted that private schools won't cease to exist, nor would their budgets be annihilated.
Their class sizes would decrease as their fees would go up to cover their shortfall until they hit economic equilibrium.
The per student funding across the country won't fall because as we've stated, student transitioning to public school would receive the funding they were already receiving, now allocated to public schools, the people who are wealthy and wish to avoid public schools are free to contribute more money for their children's individual educations, covering the shortfall per student in children who remain at private schools.
As the number of students has not decreased, and we've increased private funding as a share of total educational funding, we've managed to decrease total taxpayer funding while keeping per student resources the same, freeing up the remaining funds to increase the quality of public education, especially in disadvantages areas where it has always struggled.
Edit:  Also, there are costing savings by needing less regulatory overhead to maintain government standards at private schools.
Those schools can operate their own standards and allow the free market to determine if parents find those standards appropriate.
All carts have good and bad apples.
Just because a few are bad doesn't mean you Chuck them all out.
What if you actually want to back *choice*?
Stop funding private schools directly.
If parents on minimum wage want to send their kids to Pymble Ladies College you give them the full $40K they need.
If parents who are on $150k want to send their kids they can pay the lot.
What we back now is not choice.
Its something else.
im glad we're in agreement.
Seems like everyone else here is instantly downvoting me for daring to say that private schools play a role in our society.
This may surprise you to learn, but things in this world cost money.
Lack of money unfortunately results a lack of choice - not only for schools, but for pretty much everything.
If your issue is with money itself, that's different to having an issue with schools receiving funding.
If he can't afford $3k/year then he was never going to be able to buy another property.
The person who made the post was either talking to a person who sends their kid to a $30k/year school or (and this is more likely) was making it up.
You need to have it the same for all or none if you really want to show how it doesn't work.
Government support for private schools is not targeted to maximise choice.
Resources are limited.
The current allocation of resources reduces choice.
PS:

In your other comments you whine and bitch about down votes.
How would you vote on a comment like this?
&gt; This may surprise you to learn, but things in this world cost money.
The downvotes happened well before that comment though.
It's almost as though people think I am personally too blame for private schools receiving funding...
The truth of the matter is that they are schools, and as such, deserve funding.
That some people can't afford to attend them does not take away from this fact.
&gt; The truth of the matter is that they are schools, and as such, deserve funding.
That is not the truth.
That's your opinion.
Their opinion is different 

In fact there are plenty of things you would accept should disqualify a school from receiving funding so your statement is probably untrue even in your own view.
In a democracy the fact that private schools are funded is affected by whether there are people who support it.
You're clutching at straws.
Majority of private schools are regular, normal schools that enact the Australian Curriculum and abide by standard government procedures.
Yes there are a few weird ones that operate on alternative programmes, but those aren't really what we are discussing.
I get it.
You don't like that some schools charge fees.
That doesn't mean they shouldn't also accept government funding.
Those two things aren't connected.
Your argument is ridiculous: do you also think that universities shouldn't receive funding simply because they accept fees and have entry requirements?
&gt; I get it.
Or you don't get it.
&gt; You don't like that some schools charge fees.
That is not it.
That's why I think you don't get it.
&gt; That doesn't mean they shouldn't also accept government funding.
Those two things aren't connected.
Voters can democratically determine what they want to fund.
If voters want to fund schools that charge fees they can.
And if voters don't want to fund schools that charge fees they don't have to.
&gt; Those two things aren't connected.
That is your opinion.
Voters can have a different opinion.
&gt; Majority of private schools are regular, normal schools 

The majority of private schools are dominated by families with the ability and desire to spend large sums of money on their children's education.
That makes them different.
The key questions are things like: What do we get from funding private schools?
And is this what we want?
It is fine for people to disagree about the impact of private schools.
And it is fine to disagree about what kind of society they want to live in,

What is utter bullshit is the notion that we *have* to fund private schools.
We don't.
We get to answer this question any way we want.
Most other countries answer it differently to us, and don't fund private schools.
In general, if the majority of countries do things differently we should seriously question why we ended up being different and what the impact is.
&gt; do you also think that universities shouldn't receive funding simply because they accept fees and have entry requirements?
All universities that receive government funding allow students to attend with no upfront fees.
If voters only want to fund universities that do not charge fees that is a fair and legitimate decision, and if those universities are required to have no academic entry requirements beyond what is needed to be successful in the course that is fine too.
Better societies than ours have made the decision to have fee free uni, and it works great for them.
We have had the same thing at various times in our past.
&gt;All universities that receive government funding allow students to attend with no upfront fees.
But there are still fees.
You just  pay them later.
But who cares if people want to spend lots on their kids education?
That's their right.
They could just the same all go to the same public school and choose to give that school a bunch of extra money.
Literally no difference.
You're judgements are blinding you here.
There's no great difference between the schools other than the fees.
We care because it creates inequality.
If parents want to increase the amount going to their child's education, they should push for a government that would increase the expenditure on education to the levels they want, not pull their kids out of the public system and let the public system for a slow death.
If they truly want to fund it themselves, they're free to do so but won't get public money.
The issue is that a society cannot function with extreme inequality, it has been shown constantly throughout history.
The easiest way to lower inequality is to ensure everyone has the same level on education and health standards, regardless of the wealth of their parents.
Are you pro inequality?
If you are, you should probably read some history and see where that takes society.
&gt; But who cares if people want to spend lots on their kids education?
Anyone who wants to.
People are allowed to care about anything that chooses them.
It's freedom of thought.
&gt; That's their right.
And it is the right of voters is to select where public money is spent.
&gt; They could just the same all go to the same public school and choose to give that school a bunch of extra money.
Literally no difference.
Segregation and integration are different.
97% of kids at Sydney Grammar come from the top ICSEA, 0% from the bottom half of Australia.
&gt; You're judgements are blinding you here.
You have no clue what my judgements are.
I have three kids in private schools.
One of my parents wrote a book about the impacts of private education 40 years ago.
&gt; There's no great difference between the schools other than the fees.
If there really is no difference then just nationalise the private schools and save the parents the unnecessary expense.
There are enormous differences between schools.
That is why we care.
&gt;People are allowed to care about anything that chooses them.
It's freedom of thought.
Holy shit you just don't get it.
Your entire argument is "I don't like it therefore it should exist.
I'm right, you're wrong".
Oh but then there's this gem:

&gt;I have three kids in private schools.
Lol.
Why are you against them then?
Why send kids there if you are such an advocate for "equality"?
You are a massive hypocrit by your own standards.
Good luck being a curmudgeon your whole life.
&gt; Your entire argument is "I don't like it therefore it should exist.
I'm right, you're wrong".
&gt; You are a massive hypocrit by your own standards.
Voters get to decide what to spend government money on.
This is a simple concept.
That is not an argument.
Its a fact.
Since you won't understand simple concepts I won't bother explaining more nuanced ones.
&gt; Good luck being a curmudgeon your whole life.
curmudgeon - a bad-tempered or surly person.
I am becoming so frustrated by the fact that:

A) the government, public and media seem to have completely missed the point that funding for public and private schools is actually two separate issues

B) the government and schools are not adequately paying teachers (my wife's one)

C) there's insufficient intervention to prevent low scoring students from becoming teachers, with some institutions now offering very low entry levels.
In regards to point A and this current funding drama, the last thing that the government wants is for any private schools to close or haemorrhage students.
The public system is already working at capacity.
Funding the private sector is cheaper than expanding the public sector.
That being said, I wonder if the solution is to allow tax deductions for education costs rather than funding directly.
I can't see how a deduction like that could be rorted and it would open private schools to a larger subset of society, taking some pressure off the public system.
At the end of the day, we have great education (primary to tertiary) in this country.
Not entirely free, as it uses to be, but available to pretty much everyone.
&gt;C) there's insufficient intervention to prevent low scoring students from becoming teachers, with some institutions now offering very low entry levels.
I get your point on the issues, even though it's a spicy way of saying it.
Considering how much defund defund defund has been going on, this being encouraged is a feature of the system not a problem.
&gt;B) the government and schools are not adequately paying teachers (my wife's one)

Absolutely.
Unfortunately there's little political will to spend public money paying teachers more.
It's one of those things that are hugely expensive but with minimal impact to each individual.
&gt;C) there's insufficient intervention to prevent low scoring students from becoming teachers, with some institutions now offering very low entry levels.
This is because teaching is underpaid, unis are too incentivised to churn out as many degrees as possible, and there are no modern unskilled jobs that a person can realistically build a life around.
So you've got each highschool class graduating with a significant number of people who probably aren't particularly suited to uni but have no realistic alternative.
You've got unis who just want HECS money coming in and don't really care about outcomes.
You've got the education sector as a huge employer which pays among the lowest salaries of all professional jobs.
In my opinion, the best way to improve our education outcomes is to increase teachers' pay, and possibly employ more people in educational support roles (at pay similar to current first year teachers).
There are a lot of people who can be of huge value to a school community but who do not have the academic ability to be leading a classroom.
My understanding is teachers are well paid, but work far too long hours

http://sydney.edu.au/education_social_work/future_students/careers/teacher_salaries.shtml

https://au.indeed.com/salaries/High-School-Teacher-Salaries.
Same difference.
&amp;#x200B;

Compulsory holiday pay usage during term breaks.
After hours work beyond contracted hours.
Teachers are probably due a 25-30% increase in their salary imho.
Welcome to the real world, of course how do you determine which teacher is genuinely being worked beyond their hours and which ones are time poor and so end up doing work at weird times.
They are well paid, it's a myth that they get peanuts.
I'd rather be a recent graduate working as a teacher rather than an average graduate working, an extra $17K/year for starters.
And once you hit Step 9 you are above the average wage, if you continue you then start making 6 figures.
There's a lot of inconsistencies in salaries and conditions in education systems.
School allied health (psychologists, speech pathologists, social workers), skilled admin staff, public servants are often paid more or the same as teachers but strictly only work 9-5.
These staff have a lot of protections to maintain their work-life balance, but there isn't the same care around teachers.
Having 50% of teaching graduates quit after 5 years is an industry in crisis.
You’re right.
Regarding the number of teachers, the supply system is a never ending conveyor belt.
It’s how the system works.
There’s a long term clique of career teachers, the rest can just burnt out or leave before that happens, if they’re lucky.
Those are the lucky survivors who fit right in, but the attrition rate for teachers is massive, and there’s a reason for that.
B) the government and schools are not adequately paying teachers (my wife's one)

Are the figures in [this Crikey article]( https://www.crikey.com.au/2013/04/26/how-much-does-an-aussie-teacher-earn/) completely made up?
(Which cites 5 year old figures which I'm sure have gone up with inflation at the least)

It seems to say that you can [completely blunder your way through school as a barely passable student](https://www.westernsydney.edu.au/future/study/how-to-apply/atar-search-for-undergraduates.html) do your degree and walk out the door on a starting salary of $60k

That's inordinately high

It seems to go on to say that you can stay in that position, not undertake further training, development or study or upskill yourself in any way, take on no greater responsibilities nor specialise in any way or move towards management while failing to demonstrate you're abilities as anything but middling and by merely stagnating through the passage of time, expect your salary to increase to $85-90k

There is a long list of industries where you would be pushed out for that, not rewarded with a pay rise

If you can demonstrate that you are a high performer, take on greater responsibility or specialise you can move on up to $95-115k

Is this article lying or is your wife demanding?
If you expect more, then you should have studied petrochemical engineering, just don't expect to work a measley 38 hours.
No one does in the corporate, yet there's one industry that moans about it endlessly like children that never left school...
A few relevant points.
* Currently teachers are usually employed on yearly contracts.
If you are not performing, you are let go.
Older teachers can be grandfathered in ongoing contracts, thus there's little incentive for them to skill-up and remain relevant.
* Your reference to a starting salary and increased salary needs to consider the following aspects: we are talking about salary and not wage, subsequently lesson planning, marking, and other duties performed outside of contact hours are included in the salary.
This is a classic "taking your work home with you scenario".
You complete 38 full time hours, then bring an additional 10-15 hours work home.
During term and year breaks, you are still crafting what you're going to be doing during the term.
Teaching is a bit like medicine, it doesn't stop just cause you got your degree.
* Is it a great career?
Yes it can be.
Agree with you on every point!
All of that is par for the course in the private sector.
Of course teachers deserve respect and adequate pay, but the numbers (which you're not refuting) show they are more than receiving this.
I don't know of any other industry that so incessantly complains about their average work demands.
Welcome to an adult career.
The median graduate wage is $55k.
The mediam Australian full time wage is $65k.
Most everyone earning at or above that number is working at least as hard if not significantly harder.
Yet teachers are underpaid for making significantly more than this?
What are your actual expectations?
Basically the atar requirement is low because the uni are offering more spots then there are people willing to take them.
My wife is also a teacher.
Head Teacher, actually.
She works very hard on top of commuting two hours each day to her job.
The other issue in addition to Point C, is that teachers are paid (in the NsW Dept of Ed) not on performance, but on how long they’ve been in the job.
They get a pay rise each year until they hit the cap.
So you can be the worst teacher in the state, but if you’ve been in the job the same amount of time as the best teacher in the state (who isn’t a DP, head teacher etc.
), you’re both paid exactly the same.
There are teachers that she works with who do the absolute bare minimum to scrape by in their jobs.
They whinge whenever they need to do marking at home, or lesson programming at home.
And if they don’t do it, my wife picks up the slack.
It’s bullshit.
[deleted]
Except that she actually cares about what happens with her faculty and the students.
I guess she could just stop being productive out of spite, but that benefits no one.
And as far as the bad teachers getting fired, it is not an easy thing to do.
The Teachers Federation protects them.
They first have to screw up enough times to be called in to formal meetings with the principal.
If they don’t improve, they are put on an “improvement program”.
Then they are reviewed every month.
If they don’t improve after three months, then they are fired.
[deleted]
Um, what etiquette am I not following?
And how is anything I said petty?
Grow the fuck up.
[deleted]
Point C is one of the main reasons I dropped out halfway through my teaching degree.
There were hundreds of students under taking this course each year.
We'd have lectures in some of the largest theaters in the university.
While most of the people I studied with had the best of intentions, too many were just there because they wanted a steady job.
A lot of them were like me, who had arts degrees already but, of course, it's virtually impossible to get work in your field with just that.
The worst example is the girl I did my prac with: 21 and from the Riff.
I joked that she will never leave school because she went straight from school, to uni and then she's going back to school.
I think she just wanted a stable job ASAP so she could settle down with her plumber boyfriend, have a house in the burbs and all that.
She whined that no one told her about the weekly faculty meetings, without considering that if she had showed up 40 mins before the first bell each morning as instructed this wouldn't have been an issue.
Also against instruction from the University, she showed up dressed in jeans and hoodies.
She failed to notice that no one else on staff dressed so sloppily.
Our teacher-supervisor wore dresses from Marcs and I wore heels and a blazer by comparison.
Personally I felt the students were entitled to more respect.
I ended up complaining about it to our head professor because it was something I found particularly offensive, not just for the students but for me too.
I mean, how the fuck could someone as conscientious as me be in the same course as this slob?
But that was the issue: she didn't have much respect for the students.
She'd scoff that her lesson planning for her year 7 class was easy because the students were dumb anyway.
She was surprised when another prac student and I pointed out that they were 12 and 13-year-old kids.
And in the classroom she would address the class like an evil hausfrau.
But then again, it's difficult to maintain students' attention when all they're doing is copying from the white board into their books word for word.
Yes it is true, the bar for entry into teaching degrees is too low.
This is a massive factor in the decline in education standards.
To make matters worse, teachers like her are the ones who often manage to stick it out.
Because she didn't really care about the students nearly as much as she did about having a stable salary with decent super.
Meanwhile, teachers who actually do care about their students, burn out within the first few years after graduating and leave the profession entirely.
Finland and South Korea consistently rank the highest in education standards in the OECD.
In these countries getting in to education is as difficult as getting in to law and other highly sought-after courses.
Consequently, they tend to get more driven and passionate teachers.
As well, the teaching profession is far more respected in Finnish and South Korean society.
If universities would raise the minimum ATAR for teaching by 5 or even 10 points they would make a huge difference.
But, as has already been mentioned, universities are more interested in earning money from HECs students than the betterment of society.
I dropped out because I realized that teaching is not for me.
I'm not passionate enough about children.
If only other teaching students were as logical but that just goes to show their priorities, read: stable paycheck versus making a difference.
Wife was a teacher, and the pressure on her after hours was intense.
Financially, she was doing okay, but quitting was the best thing she's done professionally, and for our family life.
You got your finger on the button.
I know teachers who are passionate about learning and about engaging students.
I know some that should have bowed out gracefully...and some that should have been kicked out.
They've at least made teaching a Masters lvl qualification now so I think a decent percentage will burn themselves in the first few years, but from what I've seen the entry should at least be on par with things like law and engineering at the very least.
Perhaps the issue is teaching is treated like an arts discipline and truthfully it's more of an applied psychology.
I can confirm that having a background in PR/marketing and understanding audience engagement certainly made my wife a better teacher.
I’m glad, it’s better for her health too.
&gt;The median graduate wage is $55k.
The mediam Australian full time wage is $65k.
&gt;Yet teachers are underpaid for making significantly more than this?
Ok, I'm just going to pull this apart a bit.
I do agree that teachers, especially juniors, receive a decent salary.
However, let's consider two roles in a similar salary bracket:
 
dental assistant @$65k
teacher @ $75k
 
* **dental assistant works full time 38 hours**
* doesn't require further/ongoing training (*happy to be corrected here if I'm wrong*)
* clocks out on the hour and goes on with their lives
 
 
* **teacher works full time 38 hours**
* then brings home marking to do for an additional 1-2 hours per night
* plans lessons on the weekend approx 2 hours
* total weekly workload = 45-50 hours
* requires further ongoing training, only sometimes paid for and supplied by their employer

Clearly teaching is a lot more like legal and medical professions.
Now, I will concede that there are plenty of teachers who don't bother with professional development, or even trying terrible hard at their jobs.
They certainly benefit from the employment terms which encompass the rest of the industry who are as I described above.
As time goes on I am more and more convinced that this is a result of poor teacher education.
My wife is a learning support teacher, with a background in psychology.
She understands the psychological and behavioural mechanics of learning and teaching.
However, that is simply not taught to teachers when they're moving through their degrees.
It'd be a bit like teaching an engineer how to design something, without ever explaining how forces work.
You get a result, but the moment they need to understand the underlying theory to solve an issue, everything falls apart.
It's one of the reason there's so many kids with learning issues falling through the cracks.
yeah, basically.
while I fully support the goal of universally accessible education, I think we have gone a bit far in prescribing education as a panacea for all disadvantaged people.
some people are just not academic.
that's fine.
those people can still be of huge value to our society and should still live dignified, purposeful lives.
I just think we don't need to churn them through uni and stick them in jobs they arent suited to because that happens to be whats in demand.
I dont even know how we achieve the society I envisage, but the current plan isn't working.
more money for working people- *all* working people, professionals or otherwise- would be a good start.
I’m the one downvoting you.
and the TER just keeps dropping.
[deleted]
A lot of teachers get permanency and are pretty well set for life, there is a few clowns at my partners school that everyone wants rid of but they pretty much can't be touched.
I'd bet the hours works out for teachers though.
Sure they spend extra time marking during the term, but holidays are mostly time off.
There are still some things to be done, but they don't do anywhere near 38 hours a week during holidays.
Most people take their jobs home with them, especially if you want to make it anywhere.
If you want to leave your work at work get a job flipping burgers or stacking shelves, can't do those jobs from home.
According to payscale, dental assistants average $22.63 an hour or $45,000 P/a.
Indeed says $25.68 or $51,000 P/a.
If my maths is correct, even if you assume the teacher in your scenario  works 50 hours a week 52 weeks a year, they are still $3-$5 ahead per hour.
If you wanna give them 6 weeks off due to summer holidays and mid term breaks then it works out to $10-$15 better off per hour.
Keeping in mind dental assistants don't get holidays.
So teaching aides?
Or something similar?
Kind of like a second in command teacher?
I actually really like this idea.
It's not entirely a myth, it's just not as prevalent as people seem to think.
There are teachers out there who have to work a second job, hell, I knew a teacher who had to move back home and take up a job on a farm during holidays because she wasn't getting paid enough to support herself.
This is in a small town with a "desperate need for teachers".
They want them, it's just not many schools want to pay for them.
Then you get a few schools who pay decently, but very few pay really well.
At least that's what I've picked up from family and friends who teach as a career.
I might be completely wrong, I have no expertise or evidence.
So, have a grain of salt to go with everything I said.
&gt; In my opinion, the best way to improve our education outcomes is to increase teachers' pay, and possibly employ more people in educational support roles (at pay similar to current first year teachers).
There are a lot of people who can be of huge value to a school community but who do not have the academic ability to be leading a classroom.
I'd love to see a lot more support staff around the school to take the pressure off the teachers leading classes of 25-30 kids.
You could take the high achievers and low achievers and concentrate some time with them.
The high achievers go onto qualify for either scholarships or smart public high school classes and hopefully you can drag the low achievers into the middle to help prevent them disrupting the class through frustration and boredom.
Not only would it take the pressure off teachers and improve ratios, it would bring diversity to the classroom.
Some kids may respond to certain teaching styles, to certain personalities, or even to certain genders better than they do to others.
Those relationships between teachers and students are important but aren't directly related to a teachers teaching ability.
Having additional staff who can build strong relationships with different  kinds of students will help ease all children's engagement with the class.
I agree.
There are lots of specialities within teaching so I recognise you can’t cover all of them but Special Needs should be included as a non-optional unit, especially since the law changed regarding inclusivity in the classroom (some time ago now).
They should also have a compulsory unit for the implications of learning in English for students whose first language isn’t English.
Likewise something more than just a cursory glance at the issues surrounding teaching Indigenous students.
Your friend may have been working as a relief teacher rather than a teacher.
Public schools don't get to set what they will pay teachers, it's all set down by the government and while some will get extra pay to work in some areas (such as remote) it's not as though some teachers will get paid $30k/year at one public school and at one in the next town they pay them $80k/year.
$69/K a year in first year of full time teacher straight of uni being the reason?
That not enough?
They certainly earn it.
The thing about teacher salary comparisons is that it doesn't take into account the amount of extra hours the teachers, especially the good teachers, put in.
Indeed also doesn't take into account the long hours ones with poor time management put in either.
But then again neither do salaries in other professions either.

Summary: 
They can do so at a public school.
That's why we fund public schools.
I have three kids in private schools.
As such, they get funding.
Stop funding private schools directly.
There are enormous differences between schools.
That's why I think you don't get it.
But they don't do this.
We have enough schools, and they all receive funding.
I don't like segregation in education.
Or you don't get it.
There's no great difference between the schools other than the fees.
And is this what we want?
You don't like that some schools charge fees.
In that regard, there's no difference between public and private schools.
The government input into private schools should be limited.
If voters want to fund schools that charge fees they can.
All extras is up to the school funding by parents or fundraising.
Fee charging schools are not giving everyone an education.
They want them, it's just not many schools want to pay for them.
&gt; There's no great difference between the schools other than the fees.
The truth of the matter is that they are schools, and as such, deserve funding.
The instant they do that, they are literally private, not public.
&gt; You don't like that some schools charge fees.
The attendees of a private school are part of "everyone" .
That is why we care.
But... you're saying some schools shouldn't get any money.. .
but excessively funding them is especially when they are privately funded.
Why are _any_ public funds used for non-public education?
At least not in my area, the public schools are all full.
If you want to argue, go for it.
&gt; The truth of the matter is that they are schools, and as such, deserve funding.
That's the point, government funding for government schools, private funding for private schools.
&gt;Why are *any* public funds used for non-public education?
If your issue is with money itself, that's different to having an issue with schools receiving funding.
Your local public school has to take any child in area.
The Teachers Federation protects them.
Plus, without private schools, public schools couldn't exist.
Don't like that and want to go to a private school, tough luck, that's on you to pay for.
That is not an argument.
It is fine for people to disagree about the impact of private schools.
* Therefore if private schooling declined then educational outcomes would improve.
The key questions are things like: What do we get from funding private schools?
And if voters don't want to fund schools that charge fees they don't have to.
Education is indeed a right.
Government support for private schools is not targeted to maximise choice.
To the public system of course.
It’s how the system works.
&gt;you don't get public funds, which are earmarked for *everyone*

But...
It's still a million dollars going to schools.
If they want to opt out of the public system, why should we fund their personal choices?
That is not the truth.
some people are just not academic.
Holy shit you just don't get it.
Most other countries answer it differently to us, and don't fund private schools.
The public system is already working at capacity.
My wife is also a teacher.
If people want to pay more for extra stuff then let them?
I know teachers who are passionate about learning and about engaging students.
That would also mean getting rid of all taxes and not funding public schools either.
&gt; If people want to pay more for extra stuff then let them?
I am OK with tax funded education, rather than private fee funded education.
If they truly want to fund it themselves, they're free to do so but won't get public money.
I actually really like this idea.
Voters can democratically determine what they want to fund.
All schools should have the same basic things needed for the national curriculum funded by the government.
So I what financial support for it.
&gt;B) the government and schools are not adequately paying teachers (my wife's one)

Absolutely.
But there are still fees.
But we also don't have to contribute.
But who cares if people want to spend lots on their kids education?
But if the government has to fund everything for some schools, and the other schools charge parents, those schools can get everything they needed and more.
Funding the private sector is cheaper than expanding the public sector.
You just  pay them later.
Then you get a few schools who pay decently, but very few pay really well.
Money would be re-purposed from the current private school budgets, as you have *already* stated.
Voters get to decide what to spend government money on.
You realise that the public system would require much more funding if private schools were all shut down, right?
In no way should the tax payers be funding private schools more than is totally necessary.
&gt; But who cares if people want to spend lots on their kids education?
Even if they left the schools, the govt would now have to pay for all those teachers, maintenance etc.
If you are not performing, you are let go.
