Original Response: 
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;  I'm more upset about the fact he maintained communications with this stranger long enough to divulge about his past divorce, current relationship, and gave her the idea she could even seduce him in the first place.
That sounds more like he was getting close to a friend, and then from your main post it appears that when she started pushing for more he blocked her.
What more do you want?
Do you want him to give up having friends?
Yes, perhaps him seeking a "thanks" is a bit much but when most of the time you hear about people cheating on their partner and hiding it, it can be refreshing to know he had the chance to and didn't.
Would you rather he didn't tell you about women trying to seduce him away from you?
yeah im a bit skeptical that he let it get to that point, but like its super skeezy of that chick to intentionally try to pull bullshit.
From what you said it seems like he wants to be committed?
maybe he thought like telling you would be "proof" hes committed but he still verbally flip flops.
Tell him that not cheating is fuckin compulsory for a committed relationship, sorry no gold stars here, and how your felt about him texting this chick.
but at the same time, you kind of understand what he was trying to say ( even thought he explained himself in literally the worst way) He needs to understand he has to set boundaries , he can have friends that are girls but like know the difference before the sexting happens.
He also needs a better way to communicate commitment.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Ah now, that brings some new context to things.
So how does that change things?
People need an to talk.
He told her about his life, this isn't s big deal.
This was something that happened outside your relationship and he is allowed to talk about it.
His past doesn't disappear once your in a relationship.
People need to vent.
It go inappropriate and he ended it.
This seems like normal behavior.
Even in "jobs" employees want to be praised for doing their work.
You are overthinking this.
And I guess she was a friend or at least an acqauintance.
And your friends/acqauintances know if you are divorced.
Unless he is not allowed to talk to girls.
What you are telling us is that you do not like positive reinforcement.
I personally think people *should* get a pat on the back for not devolving into murderous rage in the middle of highway traffic.
Hell, I expect my son to not shit his pants, but he still gets a high five whenever he uses the toilet.
Honestly, what is wrong with showing appreciation for not doing something shitty?
Seems like it's something we should all be appreciative of in our partners.
If the problem is that YOU don't feel appreciated, then you should speak to him about it.
If anything that makes him more praise worthy, op is making sound like it was just some regular chick, not a cam girl.

Summary: 
People need an to talk.
What more do you want?
Seems like it's something we should all be appreciative of in our partners.
From what you said it seems like he wants to be committed?
This seems like normal behavior.
