Original Response: 
I don't see the issue with this.
It's not a big violation of liberties.
Australia doesn't even have a bill of rights.
Even if you were to go down the path of saying that, morally, it would violate liberties.
Is it really?
It's not like you're forced to fly at airports.
Going to an airport is a choice.
When you make a choice, willingly, you should be prepared to follow specifically procedures as a consequence of that.
This won't affect most people.
I'll certainly feel a bit more safer when I fly knowing these measures are in place.
I say that as someone who is constantly setting off alarms and getting swabbed at airports.
I don't feel hard done by it, I comply with their orders, and they let me go.
I don't start claiming that I'm a sovereign citizen and that I'm being violated.
That's just rubbish.
It's not a requirement to carry or even own ID.
It is when you fly, which is what this is about.
Irrelevant, and also not always true since minors don't need ID.
Can't wait for the first 16yo to be arrested because some cop is bad at judging age.
You also don't need to be flying to be at an airport.
Dropping someone off is unlikely to be an issue here, but waiting to pick someone up may well be.
&gt;Irrelevant, and also not always true since minors don't need ID.
You do when you fly, which is what this piece of legislation is about.
&gt;Can't wait for the first 16yo to be arrested because some cop is bad at judging age.
Plenty of 16 year olds have been arrested before.
&gt;You also don't need to be flying to be at an airport.
True.
But then when you drive you need a license on you.
So this isn't an issue.
Minors don't need ID to fly according to the Qantas website.
You might not have driven there.
There's other ways to get to the airport.
Also, you don't need to carry ID to drive in every state.
Qld specifically allows you to drive without carrying ID, you just have to show your ID at a cop shop within 24 hours if you can't produce it when asked iirc.
Also from the Qantas website "All passengers need a valid passport for international travel, regardless of the destination"
And all airports only do International travel?
🙄.
I never said that.
This encompasses just being in an airport, not just flying.

Summary: 
It is when you fly, which is what this is about.
Going to an airport is a choice.
You also don't need to be flying to be at an airport.
I don't see the issue with this.
&gt;You also don't need to be flying to be at an airport.
