Original Response: 
I feel like the community is rejoicing the fact that we got book UI with the first episode of season 4, and now even our very first bookcase in Sun's Refuge.
They are an amazing addition, bringing us close to some of the most immersive ways of presenting lore and the sensation that there's even more to Tyria than the game would ever be able to present.
However, I do feel like the devs are overdoing it with the amount of works they present as mere book abstracts instead of giving us (pieces of) the actual work.
I already felt this way in Istan and in episode 4 it feels like its being repeated (are they actually the same books, cuz it all feels very familiar).
Now I've heard that the Raid actually contains some bigger works that don't follow this line, but so far in Jahai I haven't discovered them.
And it's not like this mode is required in order to present short pieces.
The Durmand Priory is already full of such works (hell why not introduce those texts somewhere in Season 4 down the line to collect?
), just as the dialogue books from the PoF collections.
And, hell, you only need to look at the Elder Scrolls on how short texts can easily give a sensation of an entire book.
So, onto the next release, can we please move on from all these stale book abstracts?
Personally, I would have liked if they had NOT added the bookcase to a single instance that you only get when you own a specific Living world episode.
This would have been so much better in the Home instance.
Anyone can get there whenever they want and they could add books freely for everyone and not just players who own Season 4 episode 4.
They could even add books from the core game or other living world episodes and give the completionists something to do as well.
And since they said that they won't add anything major to the suns refuge this bothers me even more.
Well, you unlock the LW episode for free.
Not necessarily.
Every player who joins GW2 after Living World Season 4 Episode 4 will have to buy it as well as everyone who misses this Episode.
You only will get the Episode for free when you log into the game at the time it was available.
After that you will have to pay for it.
You have ~3 Months time for that.
And tbh 50 gold isnt much for an Episode.
While you are not wrong you didn't get my point.
Features only added to a specific thing are also only available when you have this specific thing.
So everyone who doesn't have S04E04 will not have the suns refuge and this includes everyone who joined the game after episode 4 and everyone who missed the episode.
Like I initially said, a thing like the bookcase would have made more sense to add to a place everyone has access to like the home instance.
This would enable not only the player but also the devs to improve on this over time with new books and lore without having to either buy or own a specific content or that you have to run around the world to find things that you want to know.
Allright, I got your point now.
People keep saying this but LW is not free.
If it requires you to purchase something else (i.e.
Path of Fire) then it is by definition not free.
Per definition, the LW is free.
But to play it you have to own PoF.
Even f2p Acc unlock the Episodes for free if they play now.
Sure, you keep on believing.
If something is literally behind a paywall then it isn't "free"; it's a complementary feature of the expansion, though ArenaNet has campaigned very hard to make people believe it isn't.
It still baffles me that they have the gall to package legendaries as a feature in the "Free" LW updates despite them being remnants of an expansion that is almost three years old now.
It probably wouldn't be as frustrating for me if they didn't throw so much of the game into the cash shop.
If there is one thing that really makes me dislike the game it's the way they go about monetizing it.
With that said, this last living story drop was of a fantastic quality.
Why not both?
I mean, having a case in the home instance makes sense since we have hella books from clear back to bloodstone fen, but not having in the refuge completely defeats the purpose of it being for the people in the refuge.
You are also not wrong but my opinion is that you don't really need it to be in more places.
If you have it in the Home instance then everyone and anyone have access to it.
If you add it only to specific content then you only have it there.
Also, you would always have to teleport there and back again when you want to read something.

Summary: 
Well, you unlock the LW episode for free.
If you add it only to specific content then you only have it there.
Per definition, the LW is free.
If you have it in the Home instance then everyone and anyone have access to it.
), just as the dialogue books from the PoF collections.
You only will get the Episode for free when you log into the game at the time it was available.
