Original Response: 
I have to take a senior level design class to graduate.
I cannot stress how one sided and unfair this class is to students.
We get 4 credits for the class however we are expected to put in 20+ hours a week to work on our projects, which the university sells to private companies for a crap ton of money.
We also sign extensive NDAs so the university/companies completely own us for the year.
There's even a clause stating that students may not launch start-ups or apply for patents while in this class and that if we violate this, the university is entitled to our IP.
While it is a crappy situation, it's not uncommon and we all just have to get through it.
The man who runs the class is also a total jerk.
He talks to us like we're children and he'll set an expectation, not tell any one what that expectation is, and get pissy when it isn't met.
If he has an issue with someone, he will send out an email to all 52 students in the class essentially sub tweeting the person(s) he has the problem with.
Now I can handle him most of the time.
The one thing that I'm having a difficult time with is how he regards work.
I have two part time jobs which I rely on for my living expenses, neither of which are at all relevant to my major.
One of our homework assignments was to create an Excel sheet with our schedule for the semester, specifically allocating time to work on this class.
The professor requested "12-20 hours a week," which I have set aside in my schedule.
A few days after we submitted our schedules, the professor sent out an email along the lines of:

&gt;Students should not take on any part time jobs this year!
If students must work, they must be working at an internship or doing research!!
I am very disappointed at the number of seniors who think their part time jobs are more important than their future career!
All students must consider this class as a stepping stone to bigger things!!!
Excuse me what?
This request is so ridiculous and condescending that I do not even want to validate it with a response.
How can I establish now that my working hours are not up for debate?
TL;DR: My professor wants me to quit my job so he can better wh0re me out for my university.
How can I politely tell him to piss off?
What this professor is asking if you may be considered unethical by your University.
"Needing" to know your daily schedules?
That's not OK. 

For now, I would start by ignoring his dramatic e-mails, and keep your job.
This guy is a psycho, you should not put any care into what he thinks of you and your career.
I would also considering reporting this prof to your university compliance services or policy office (whatever office at your university handles ethical issues), or if you're not sure you should report it, at least talk with someone in one of those departments about whether this professor's behavior is acceptable/unethical by University standards.
IF he for some reason docks your grade b/c you don't quit your job, that is DEFINITELY something you should report.
I wish my university cared about ethics... Alas they already know full and well what's going on because every year students complain about this professor's behavior.
That being said, they won't do anything because the professor has a) been there for a very long time and b) is very good at his job of getting the university $$$.
Sadly my university only cares about money and their image, and it's apparent everywhere, not just in this one case.
Maybe this is a regional thing, but my Graphic Design college most definitely could not make us do work that they would profit from.
Same goes for my previous university (different major).
At my place of employment, when we hire students we cannot profit from their work, so we can't charge clients for it (but it's a government setting, different story).
I find it very odd that the university can profit from your work without compensating you financially (but I don't doubt that it happens).
We're being compensated with credit.
A ton of majors at my university require a semester long internship, where you get 12-16 credits for working full time, but you don't get paid.
With my program, the compensation absolutely does not match the amount of work they're expecting from us, which is why they're very deliberate with how many hours they're requiring from us on paper.
IRL we need to put in way more hours than they require on paper to complete the projects.
Yeah, it would have been fair if you guys got at least some kind of wage out of it (as this is basically an internship), if they're not doing just internal work.
Hopefully you can at least build up a good portfolio out of this.
It's still worth it to report this behavior.
You never know when I new Dean/President/etc.
will come into power that cares about the students and if someone cares, the more official reports there are against this professor the better.
Your school isn't an internship, it's a class, which is a totally different thing.
If they are selling your work or basically profiting off your labor, it may be worth bringing to the Department of Labor in your state.
It doesn't mean that it will go anywhere, but they can make a determination of whether it's worth researching or if there's merit to the school's position.
At any rate, at least then they know if the school is being exploitative or not, since they're apparently doing nothing about that professor.
This sounds extremely shady.
Is it an accredited school?
It honestly sounds like you're being exploited by both your professor and your school.
Every engineering school I've heard of does this for senior design.
At this point, I'm sorry, but you need to identify the university so potential students know not to go there.
This is horrendous.

Summary: 
Now I can handle him most of the time.
How can I establish now that my working hours are not up for debate?
"Needing" to know your daily schedules?
I cannot stress how one sided and unfair this class is to students.
I have to take a senior level design class to graduate.
What this professor is asking if you may be considered unethical by your University.
If students must work, they must be working at an internship or doing research!!
How can I politely tell him to piss off?
