Original Response: 
[deleted]
Thanks for the review.
I can't believe you and Anthony are getting into an argument but it shows that perhaps when I try it I'll have to see who I side with.
I can believe Anthony to an extent because it looks like a RTA killer so it's perhaps overvalued at what it does but hey, there's a chance Joyytech actually got it right because I loved the Delta II.
u/Anthony_Vapes what else do you think about it without spoiling your review?
I feel like the Delta II was the last good Joyetech product besides the ridiculously simple Penguin.
The eGo One and subsequent tanks similar to it were jokes at best.
not an argument at all :) just a discussion about a product like a forum is for.
as far as joyetech products go, i've reviewed alot of them and the notchcore tank is good for low watts but outside of that can't really think of anything they made that stands out as good in the past year or so but could be forgetting somehting.
Thanks man, I wouldn't say it is an RTA killer, but it might be easier to maintain than an RTA, and the heat element might be cheaper than buying wire or premade RTA coils.
The good thing about the forums is to allow one person to say something and others to discuss it so we get more than one persons opinion.
The Espion is a good solid little power driver!
(but you aren't talking any mods here?)
true forgot about that.
good call.
the infinite and solo versions of it though weren't very good.
and in general their tanks and coils are bad too.
outside of the notchcore.
and their pods and AIOs don't even get me started lol.
yeah,  i was disappointed in the other versions of it,  especially as they got the 510 RIGHT on the Espion but not it's follow up products etc... it makes no sense... it's like the company doesn't figure out what they get right and move forward,  it's complete whack a mole....   my espion has like 90k on the odometer,  and I haven't used it in a month.. it's been a surprise hit for me this year... but then everything else the company has released has sucked...

the notch core isn't that ehpro thing with the replaceable "fuse" style coils is it?
yeah it's odd.
it's like their whole company has no idea what to make and instead of starting with the basics (a solid mod that works and is built well) they start doing all these crazy concepts that don't make any sense.
and no the notch core tank does have fuse style coils but it's a tank not the ehpro RDA which also sues coils similar to that.
the OG one that did this IIRC is the wanko which was terrible.
yeah,   the wanko came first,  then the ehpro rda... which i don't think is a bad idea for introducing people to the idea of building "on training wheels" in terms of understanding wicking or whatnot as is butt ass simple.... not the best flavor obviously,  but whatever... no issues with the concept....   i didn't know about the notch core tank (so an rta version kinda of the ehpro rda?)
but not very good...?
ok...
I remember the wanko being a joke.... but... hmmm....
notchore came before the ehpro RDA IIRC but it was pretty close.
I reviewed the notchcore [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/8xdxq1/anthony_vapes_joyetech_silk_kit_with_notchcore/?st=jmi0kqb7&amp;sh=61569681)
lol,  and I commented on that review,  I think I was focusing on the mod,  not the tank,  as i usually ignore those in "kits" as toss aways for the most part as I like what I like... but gotta pay more attention :) !
yeah most kits tanks are pretty meh lol.
yeah,  that's gotta be the most excruciating part of your testing products I imagine,  yet ANOTHER BB styled tank etc or whatever,  some aren't horrible,  but most are nothing you are gonna be over the moon with and buy more of.... and you just use the thing until the provided coils are killed and on the shelf it goes or whatever...  oh well... trying to think of the best "kit" tank...  hmmm....
LMAO yeah it gets old pretty quick when they are all the same and use the same coils but a different fill method or look lol as far as best kit tanks go probably the nunchaku, iron fist, or mad mod.
can't and will NOT argue with that list....
yeah those are all good tanks.
still freemax IMO is overall the way to go but so far if geekvape packages the new alpha tank with the nova mod that would be the killer kit IMO of 2018.
isn't that the tank that came with the nova kit?
or was it an older alpha tank... i gotta go check,  but when I got mine originally I tried out the tank,  and it wasn't bad at all,  i quickly switched over to others as was into them at the time etc,  but I remember it being ok,  no freemax mesh,  but absolutely competent,  and better then a damn baby beast or elo or what have you....
it was an older tank.
i think the nova kit came with the cerebus tank?
and the legend with the aero mesh tank?
the alpha tank is their newest one.
you are right sir... i think it is the cerebus,  legend with aero mesh (but never got "kit" on that....  and I have not tried the Alpha...

hard to keep track of this shit...
SOMEONE has to have a LIST somewhere... :)
yeah they have so many tanks released in a short time lol the opposite of other companies who keep using the same tansk voer and over.
dam near impossible to keep track of.

Summary: 
yeah those are all good tanks.
it was an older tank.
and in general their tanks and coils are bad too.
the alpha tank is their newest one.
I reviewed the notchcore [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/8xdxq1/anthony_vapes_joyetech_silk_kit_with_notchcore/?st=jmi0kqb7&amp;sh=61569681)
isn't that the tank that came with the nova kit?
and the legend with the aero mesh tank?
