Original Response: 
Just stop voting Republican they don't give a shit about your rights to vape and look for easy ways to criminally undermine it.
If you want a smoke free tomorrow stop voting for the idiots who say they are regulation free but as soon as one of their funders needs a little
Help we see shit like this.
Might as well all just smash all technology and die like we did 40 years ago.
Dumbest administration ever...
I hate to break it to you but the Republicans are more on our side than the Democrats.
If everyone voted Democrat only vaping itself would probably be illegal now.
Don't forget it was Obama and his cronies that started us down this path.
until the tobacco people start giving the republicans more money.....

they can and will be bought.
What politician can't be bought?
Dems take bribes and kickbacks too.
"But it's the Democrats fault"

Said by everyone on here when this shit was happening under a Democrat president.
Yeah Republicans don't give a shit about their people, but I think most in congress are really out of touch with issues like vaping so this will happen no matter whos in office unless we start electing educated people, regardless if theyre a D or an R.
Both sides are going to be out of touch with vaping.
Republican's don't actually give a shit about free markets, they just say they do to pander to their base.
Just like they say they're fiscally conservative but they're driving up the deficit right now, so they can blame the other side when they get kicked out of the majority.
I'm not disagreeing.
Voting Democrat only wouldn't help anything though.
More than likely if only Democrats were in control we'd be in a worse situation right now as far as vaping is concerned.
oh I wasn't saying they don't.
though usually not from big companies like republicans....
Uh...Pharmaceutical companies aren't big companies?
“Usually”.
And pharma sure as fuck doesn’t want single payer so likely not pushing much cabbage at the dems.
Dem/Republican...What difference does it really make?
Most politicians are shit no matter what side of the fence they're on.
Liberal politicians are at least as bad when it comes to vaping.
&gt; Who am I supposed to vote for?
The Republican who is blasting me in the ass?
Or the democrat who is blasting me in the ass?
Dennis Reynolds.
Sadly very true.
The only Libertarian politicians are at a local level to my knowledge.
Most of the Republicans that claim they're Libertarian actually aren't.
They may cherry pick Libertarian philosophies but that's about it.
I think outside of their appearance to pander to their base the line between D and R is becoming thinner and thinner.
true for the very most part.
but one isn't anti science and heavily vested in the whole "bible is true" so evolution/climate change/insert science fact here is "not true" side of things.
Anybody denying that it's the Democrats who tasked the FDA with banning tobacco is deluding themselves.
Banning tobacco, and now all forms of nicotine, one step at a time has been their goal from the moment Obama tasked the FDA with "regulating" tobacco, later adding nicotine.
He said "Liberal".
Give it another read.
We have a Republican controlled government and this stuff is still happening and getting more aggressive.
But yes, Democrats did go anti-nicotine which I don't agree with either.
But it's just obvious this stuffs gonna happen under both sides.
You think the entire FDA and all of their regulations turn over with every single change in president?
This stuff was put into place by Democrats, and now we're suffering for it.
End of story.
Isn't that basically what happened with the EPA tho?
If Republicans wanted to de-regulate vapes, they'd do what they did to the EPA and take a dump all over it.
But they're not because they don't care.
LOL Apparent reading comprehension problems this morning.
What can I say other than I'm occasionally a dumbass.
You're generalizing way too much.
It's not that clean cut.
I don't care about someone who doesn't care.
I would like them to care, and remove the FDAs ability to regulate nicotine and tobacco.
But had they been in the position to "not care" all along then we would not be fighting off this crap.
maybe.
but the entire republican platform is climate change is hooey.
At least you own it!
We all make mistakes.
Speak for yourself, dumbass.
Do you even pay attention to congressional voting?
It's rare to see everyone from one side oppose something or agree on something.
There's usually at least a couple of yeas or nays that you wouldn't expect.
ROFL.
No I certainly don’t to be honest.
But how many were all “yay” when trump gutted the epa, rolling back CARB, pulling us out of Kyoto, loosening coal regulations etc.
I never heard of a single republican say “hold on”.
[You can easily find out yourself along with how many Democrats supported those actions.
](https://www.govtrack.us/congress/votes) The President isn't a dictator calling all of the shots.
He’s not?
Plus there’s the executive orders.
No he's not...Even if he thinks he is.
Executive orders don't just grant the president the ability to do as he pleases.
You could also argue that the previous Democrat president was a fan of abusing his power as well and trying to use executive orders to circumvent the system our forefathers put in place.
Trump is shit, Obama is shit...We haven't had an okay president since the 90s.

Summary: 
But they're not because they don't care.
I hate to break it to you but the Republicans are more on our side than the Democrats.
oh I wasn't saying they don't.
The Republican who is blasting me in the ass?
though usually not from big companies like republicans....
Or the democrat who is blasting me in the ass?
&gt; Who am I supposed to vote for?
I don't care about someone who doesn't care.
Both sides are going to be out of touch with vaping.
until the tobacco people start giving the republicans more money.....

they can and will be bought.
"But it's the Democrats fault"

Said by everyone on here when this shit was happening under a Democrat president.
