Original Response: 
[All the finns right now](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/LI_hqXK6zrk/maxresdefault.jpg)
Nope.
The fun police have arrived.
You sure do like that photo.
[deleted]
Ofc it's a Lukko fan.
What did you expect.
There’s things to know here.
Jesperi is from Pori.
I am from Rauma and support the archrival of their town and team.
You to be happy for him?
Jk i guess just that, maybe something worse.
Also yeah to other users not aware of Liiga, this is kind of like Caps-Pens or Fin-Swe situation, maybe even more heated, if that's the correct word for it.
He's posted the exact same comment 8 times before.
I'm sure he has it as a RES macro.
But you have to get that karma somewhere of course.
(No, I really am, I just forgot the /s.)
And also, if he stays up, it means we don’t have to face the kid.
Since Jepu &amp; Armia are from Pori, I think I'm maybe obligated to hate you now... or something.
So... 

Haista sinua, sinä Rauma?
Haha true, se could really use some help in center, also yeah always good to see young guys make IT, especially those who are from your city.
Also really excited for Kakko, i think he has a really good change to be first Finnish player picked no1.
Ah fair.
He repeats a lot of his comments I found after taking a quick look.
It's quite strange.
Like hes commenting to actually farm karma instead actually adding a comment.
Who cares about internet points?
So weird.
&gt; Haista sinua, sinä Rauma?
_"Smell you, you Rauma?
"_

Now I'm wondering what you were going for.
I tried all sorts of things back and forth...
Apparently, Google Translate doesn't want me to say "Fuck you, you Rauma scum" in Finnish.
Google translate is already really bad for Finnish but insults are usually something it doesn't handle very well with any language.
Something like "haista paska vitun raumalainen" would get the message across though.
Apparently it thinks that Rauma means scum.
*Looks outside*


Well, that’s not entirely wrong.
Yeah!
Smell you, you Rauma!

Summary: 
So... 

Haista sinua, sinä Rauma?
Apparently it thinks that Rauma means scum.
&gt; Haista sinua, sinä Rauma?
You sure do like that photo.
(No, I really am, I just forgot the /s.)
