Original Response: 
[deleted]
&gt;Her family left Germany back when the Nazis were denying passports and came to America.
Would’ve been here Great Grandparents.
I can see why someone with direct historical trauma from WWII wouldn't be super thrilled about watching their SO play with Nazi tank models.
I can also see why she would be upset that you said you cancelled the order, then the models showed up, then asked if you could still play the game just in secret.
It comes off as really disingenuous that you care about her emotions.
that's not direct trauma.
That's trauma 2 generations removed.
She has no rational reason to deny this.
Historical trauma is a real thing, google it.
This woman's recent ancestor (who she might have met) had to leave Nazi Germany and now her SO is literally "playing" with Nazi Tanks.
I can see why she would have negative emotions about that.
OP then shot himself in the foot by saying he understood those feelings, cancelled the game, but then asked to play it anyway.
Emotions are not always rational, I think in this case you are wrong, but I can really see how she feels her emotions are not valid or respected after that sequence of events.
She doesn't need a rational reason in a court of law.
She doesn't even need the reason of her grandparents or great grandparents fleeing the Nazi regime.
She doesn't need to be 100% consistent with her beliefs either (the Hammer and Sickle thing).
Unless she's playing Inglorious Basterds and laughing it up every time, it doesn't matter that there's a double standard of Americans enjoying an anti-Nazi movie when Hitler did the same.
It's perfectly okay for her to feel icky about playing a WWII game because spending time recreating battles or playing with Nazi tanks *is* a kind of glorification of that regime, even if it's "technically" about recreating battles Nazis lost.
However, it's also okay for the BF to decide this is a deal breaker and he wants someone in his life who is okay with the WWII game.
&gt; It comes off as really disingenuous that you care about her emotions.
I agree.
I should’ve been more diligent that the order had been canceled.
I didn’t want to hide it from her, and told her when it came and have been honest with it and trying to find a compromise.
I’m also Polish American.
My family came before the outbreak of WWII.
My grandfather was a self-proclaimed nazi, and it vexed him that my father was born on the day Hitler died.
I hated that man and what pain he caused my family, so much to the point that I don’t know my grandfathers name because he’s better off forgotten.
We both have trauma from that time period, and it absolutely isn’t my place to disregard her feelings on it.
I’m definitely leaning towards just giving it up.
WW2 was 3 generations ago.
If she is 26 her grandparents are likely in their 80s.
Which means she very likely never met anyone who was old enough to even understand what was happening at the time.
Her grandparents would have come to the states as infants or at worst early adolescents.
Historical trauma refers to situations like slavery..in which african americans are suffering today due to attitudes and behaviors which are still present in the US today.
African Americans still suffer from the knowledge that they were once considered property int he nation in which they currently live.
They also suffer from the attitude of some American's towards them who know subconsciously that most african americans are descendants of slaves.
Being 2.5 - 3 generations removed from being deported from a nation in which she doesnt live, has never lived and has no direct contact with anybody who actually experienced it lived is NOT historical trauma.
[deleted]
Its ok for anyone to feel how they feel about anything.
I didn't say it wasn't ok for her to feel that way.
I said it was irrational and unfair for her to put it on her boyfriend.
Also someone else called it historical trauma, but that is not what this is.
She just feels, as you called it, "icky" about it because of something that happened to her family before her parents were born and in the best case scenario when her grandparents were less than 10.

what does a court of law have to do with anything?
No court of law would even hear a case with this kind of silliness.
They'd probably both be fined for wasting the courts time.
Perhaps give up the game, but the OP you shouldn't be giving up a life long interest in something it's not unreasonable or abnormal to have an interest in for for your significant other.Doing so would conflict with the whole "just be yourself!"
advice people are generally advised to enter relationships with.
I'm actually a bit confused how someone whose big hobby is WWII starts dating someone whose uncomfortable with it, and how that didn't become a bigger point of contention before now.
That was not literal.
It's rhetorical, meaning "she doesn't need to provide "evidence based facts" that she doesn't like it in order for it to be acceptable.
she does if she expects other people to also abide by her discomfort.
"I don't like it, because" is not a good enough reason for my wife to tell me not to do something that I like to do.
Then again my wife isn't a drama queen so I don't have to deal with non-sense like this.
This girl is 27 years old and as an American has probably never really lived through anything of consequence.
Hell she was only 10 when 9/11 happened.
She needs to toughen up and allow her bofriend to have hobbies and maybe instead of "feeling icky" about this she should actually learn something about it.
War is a huge part of history, literature, entertainment and for some people, life.
&gt; I'm actually a bit confused how someone whose big hobby is WWII starts dating someone whose uncomfortable with it, and how that didn't become a bigger point of contention before now.
Because building models isn’t something I do all the time.
It isn’t something we’ve really had to face until now.
I mean, fair, but that's you---plenty of people do take their partner's on the face of it unreasonable dislikes into account at least when making decisions.
But the argument that war is a big part of history, etc, is sort of wasted on her, because she at a core level is uncomfortable with it.
You don't neccessarily need to have lived through it to feel like "yeah, that's not for me."
I met my great grandfather and I am also 26.
He died when I was 13.
He was born in 1912 and served in WWII.
I remember him.
I remember talking with him.
His son, my grandfather still speaks often of him and his time in the war etc... We don't know what OP's girlfriend relationship with her grandparents/great grandparents was like but I find it ridiculous you don't think she could have had a connection with them.
&amp;#x200B;

Also here is the definition of Historical Trauma: **Historical trauma** (HT), a term used by social workers, historians and psychologists, refers to the cumulative emotional and psychological wounding of an individual or generation caused by a traumatic experience or event.
I would consider having to leave your country because the Nazis came to power a "traumatic event."
And in regards to your comment that this isn't Historical Trauma because it doesn't apply today, the current POTUS said there were "good people on both sides" referring to neo nazis, and anti-semitic acts of violence are on the rise again.
It makes sense that someone who's family had to leave their home country because of literal Nazis can feel anxiety surrounding current events.
But its not her not being ok with it.
its her not wanting him to play it either.
Whats next?
he can't watch "Lincoln" because slavery?
Can't watch Shindler's list?
cant play Call of duty?
can't play Madden (cause concussions), can't watch ohio state football cause of urban meyer didn't fire someone fast enough?
He is not asking her to play.
He just wants to play.
I get what you're saying, but we seem to have drifted away from helpful advice to the OP so I'll leave it here, respectfully!
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
Spot on.
This guy is so wrong about ages and timelines it's making me a bit sick.
My dad is almost 70 &amp; left Europe as a child.
Are his memories of war-torn fascist Italy spot on?
No, but they don't have to be in order to feel the effects of emigration due to war.
Plus his mother/my grandmother remembers enough for everyone.
Thank you for this comment.
This person is so ignorant.

Summary: 
I remember talking with him.
He just wants to play.
He is not asking her to play.
its her not wanting him to play it either.
I can see why she would have negative emotions about that.
He died when I was 13.
Also someone else called it historical trauma, but that is not what this is.
cant play Call of duty?
That's trauma 2 generations removed.
I met my great grandfather and I am also 26.
I should’ve been more diligent that the order had been canceled.
I didn't say it wasn't ok for her to feel that way.
She doesn't need a rational reason in a court of law.
Because building models isn’t something I do all the time.
