Original Response: 
He was a disgrace in that interview.
Equal parts combative and dismissive - not a good look for a leader.
We got to see the true Scott Morrison in this interview, as opposed to the “family dad” Scott Morrison the LNP spin merchants have furiously being trying to sell.
The bully and arrogant behaviour was on full display, as he dismissed and refused to accept anything factual, by choosing to push his own version of reality.
When last did the Liberals have a leader that actually had a consistently good look?
Turnbull was the same as Morrison, only he added patronising to the mix, especially when he was confronted with questions he absolutely didn’t want to answer.
Abbott was just embarrassing and cringey whenever he opened his mouth (he still is).
What interview?
Is there a link?
Have I gone blind!
?
The quotes in the article come from [Morrison's appearance on Insiders this morning.
](https://iview.abc.net.au/show/insiders)
Thanks :-)

Edit: I'm going to need a cigarette after this.
"The ABC needs to get back to work."
"We.. we.. we... we never stopped work."
Stunning miscalculation.
I can see him losing control now.
He hadn't realised saying that would be accusing the guy he was actually talking to.
He's straight up giving Barry stink-eye... what the fuck, now he's just yelling over the top of him, he looks like a fucking bogan.
Howard.
Think what you like of his policies, but he was charismatic, well spoken, and articulate.
I think many of the LNP men since have tried to emulate him,  rather than establishing their own personality, and it's why they often come across as more fake than they are.
The little desiccated coconut?
He was a joke that only Liberal voters took seriously.
&gt;he was charismatic, well spoken, and articulate.
No, he wasn't.
He looked nerdier than Rudd and sounded like a dweeb.
He was a far better liar than successive liberal prime ministers though.
&gt;Think what you like of his policies, but he was charismatic, well spoken, and articulate.
I wouldn't say he was charismatic, but he barely did any media appearances other than his weekly interviews on AM radio, so he was very much able to control the narrative a lot better than anyone since.
If he was all those things, he certainly isn’t any more.
These days, when they wheel him out to give some running commentary, he comes across like an intractable old geezer.
With a side of arrogance that would make Turnbull blush.
Didn't he spend his first election campaign basically refusing to actually answer questions and just trotting out his talking points over and over so they had nothing to use on the news but that?
True, but the criteria was a consistently good look.
He's certainly not ageing well, though you could argue very few of us do :)

Far from perfect, but good.
As PM, he portrayed a leader and he did it well.
He was a good ambassador for Australia with our allies.
Dont get me wrong, i'm not discussing the merits of his policies, or the situations he found himself, and put Australia in.
But his ability to develop, communicate and apply a narrative was as good as any politician in recent memory.
My jaw dropped when he just started yelling over the top of Barry.
Turns out daggy dad is actually Belligerent Bogan.
He used to speak with conviction.
Pretty hard for him to fake that now with the tattered remains of his party ready to finish each other off.
He is not my leader!!!!
!
had me shouting "lol get fucked" at the radio multiple times.
Cassidy was goading him.
If by goading you mean he was doing his job, sure.
One suspects Cassidy was still shitty over the GF result.
One suspects that Cassidy is professional enough not to let the results of a football match undermine his efforts to bring the government to account.
He was an incredible liar.
Very believable, and gave himself a way out most of the time.
He was even good at lying about lying.
Remember "core promises"?
These modern Liberals don't have anything on Howard.
He was a truly deceptive piece of dessicated coconut that Liberal voters pine for today.
Never mind that he's singularly responsible for most of our problems now, and that he effectively ruined Australia for the majority of Australians.
I think you have misspelt Keating.
Wasn't Liberal though :)
true.... but very charismatic, well spoken, and articulate.
Also the only  minister to have a musical about himself.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g-jsWJSrP3s.
One suspects Bazza was shitty about a lot of things, including the grand final but also the fact his distinguished service to journalism was subject to not acting too contrary to the whims of a self-serving elite.
Caught the repeat tonight.
Actually one of my first times watching Insiders.
That was kind of astounding; CoalMo legit pulls the same sort of crap he does during Question Time, right to Barry's increasingly unimpressed face.
Issue with doing it on the ABC rather than in Question Time, is that he actually gets questioned.
And utterly deconstructed by the panel in the aftermath.
I needed a cigarette too.
I don't much like John Howard these days, but when he was in power and I was a kid, I at least respected him in the moment.
Now I reckon he personally oversaw the handover of our countries future to vested interests, but his politics aside, he gave off a Prime Ministerial impression, and every Liberal since has utterly failed to do that.
Tony was still an Opposition Leader, Malcolm brought some gravitas which was undercut by the fact he obviously had no power amidst his own party, and ScoMo just seems like a man woefully out of his depth; unable to display the political chops it requires to reinterpret questions, he instead just chooses to avoid them.
From Insiders, in response to a journalist asking him if he had time to talk about the ABC: "No, I don't.
I'm here to talk about the footy."
I mean, people used to take Liberal voters seriously too.
Now even hedge fund managers are seriously considering Labor to bring them a modicum of stability.
John Howard might've been the architect of the party becoming a joke, but he certainly was long out of the house before Tony started smashing down the walls.
Barry's polite smiling calm just sealed the deal for me.
Belligerent Bogan must've realised just how bad this was looking, and, as is his style, doubled down on the dumb.
Bogan was saying "They need to get back to work", and I think when Barry said "**We**" it broke his programming, so he failsafed to a Trump routine.
Because that shit has been going so well for them.
Hah, I watched Insiders with my uh, let's say "swing voter" mum; halfway through the interview she darkly muttered "I don't like him at all."
I hope more people have the chance to see our PM speak, he's definitely changing how people vote.
I was lucky enough to see the musical a handful of times, even got to meet the man himself on opening night :)
Honestly I still can't quite accept in my head that he's PM.
Of all the leadership musical chairs in the past decade he's the only one I just can't reconcile.
He just doesn't have any leadership qualities about him and he's utterly unconvincing in the role.
Saw the best term for him the other day - PHPM.
Placeholder Prime Minister.
Yup.
Howard was a prime minister who led.
On your last point, I can at least have a little sympathy for saying "I'm doing X today, I'm not here to talk about Y."
Of course, there's a problem with using that argument when you're also neck deep in media manipulation in the first place.

Summary: 
He is not my leader!!!!
I needed a cigarette too.
He was a disgrace in that interview.
He was an incredible liar.
I can see him losing control now.
He used to speak with conviction.
I think you have misspelt Keating.
He was a good ambassador for Australia with our allies.
He was even good at lying about lying.
He was a joke that only Liberal voters took seriously.
true.... but very charismatic, well spoken, and articulate.
Think what you like of his policies, but he was charismatic, well spoken, and articulate.
I'm here to talk about the footy."
Actually one of my first times watching Insiders.
