Original Response: 
Christian here and Trump voter.
I don’t think political leaders can or should be doubling as moral leaders — my first assumption about humans is that we have a sin nature, and so every politician will surely have his share of that.
Trump seems like a worse than average scuzz when it comes to women—perhaps as bad as Bill Clinton.
But what I want from my politicians is that the work to maintain a safe and sustainable place for something like Christendom.
Policy matters more to me than character precisely because I assume poor character.
I’ll keep talking if you’re interested...
Okay.
Fair enough.
What policies do you believe in?
I believe that Christian religion depends on some sort of political structure for protection, precisely because it’s so pacifist — remember that for three centuries the followers of Christ were terribly persecuted until they worked out a way to gain control of a political structure, which became the Holy Roman Empire — and Which has no compunction about fighting for Christians and against non-Christians.
In general, the idea of a universal brotherhood of mankind might seem to make sense under a Christian worldview, but when you understand that many non-Christians do not think like that — and do not aspire to a universal brotherhood of man where people check their religious practices at the door and all meet in the marketplace (the liberal American model).
So, I support minimizing immigration from all parts of the world that don’t share Christian culture.
So basically Trump’s racist immigration policies (which by the way have hardly differed in practice from Obama’s).
Even Jesus hesitated when the Canaanite woman asks for help — “It is not right to take the children’s bread and toss it to the dogs.” — and yeah he finally relented, and blessed the woman, but only after she called him Lord.
I also had hoped that Trump would pull out of some of the wars for Israel and so far he has been successful in that.
His talk about pulling out of TPP and renegotiating NAFTA also appealed to me.
In general, “America first.” And again, the hope is that that allows America to remain a place that is sort of implicitly safe for Christians.
It’s easy to take that safety for granted and to assume everyone would reciprocate and be as pacifist as we like to be, and as full of love for outsiders — ask martyred Catholics in late medieval Japan or Christians in Egypt or Syria about that.
It’s not a guarantee.
Okay.
Democrats are absolutely for better border control, but we're not going to get there by building a wall or sepperating children from their parents.
Note also that unless you're 100% Native American, then you too are an immigrant.
Infact, what makes America so great is the fact that we are a country of immigrants.
See what the Bible says about immigration.
Leviticus 19:33-34 

“When a stranger sojourns with you in your land, you shall not do him wrong.
You shall treat the stranger who sojourns with you as the native among you, and you shall love him as yourself, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt: I am the Lord your God.
Matthew 25:35

For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me,

Deuteronomy 10:19 

Love the sojourner, therefore, for you were sojourners in the land of Egypt.
Leviticus 19:33 

“When a stranger sojourns with you in your land, you shall not do him wrong.
Even Jesus was an immigrant

Matthew 2:13-15 

Now when they had departed, behold, an angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream and said, “Rise, take the child and his mother, and flee to Egypt, and remain there until I tell you, for Herod is about to search for the child, to destroy him.” And he rose and took the child and his mother by night and departed to Egypt and remained there until the death of Herod.
This was to fulfill what the Lord had spoken by the prophet, “Out of Egypt I called my son.”.
Also Republicans are supposedly pro-life yet they're also anti-gun control.
It's a myth that Democrats want to take all your guns.
We just want better regulations and laws that require EVERYONE to do a full background check before being allowed to buy a gun.. To help keep the guns out of the bad guys hands as much as possible.
But the Republican party is in bed with the NRA and it's all about the money.
with more than 30,000 gun-related deaths.. in the U.S. every year, our nation’s gun violence is an affront to so called pro life.
High-capacity magazines should be banned because they too often turn murder into mass murder.
Guns are rarely used in self-defense.
Of the 29,618,300 violent crimes committed between 2007 and 2011, 0.79% of victims (235,700) protected themselves with a threat of use or use of a firearm, the least-employed protective behavior.
Countries with restrictive gun control laws have lower gun homicide and suicide rates than the United States.
Both Switzerland and Finland require gun owners to acquire licenses and pass background checks that include mental and criminal records, among other restrictions and requirements.
In 2007 Switzerland ranked number 3 in international gun ownership rates with 45.7 guns per 100 people (about 3,400,000 guns total).
In 2009 Switzerland had 24 gun homicides (0.31 deaths per 100,000 people) and 253 gun suicides (3.29 deaths per 100,000 people).
Finland ranked fourth in international gun ownership rates with 45.3 guns per 100 people (about 2,400,000 guns total).
In 2007 Finland had 23 (0.43 deaths per 100,000 people) gun homicides and 172 gun suicides (4.19 deaths per 100,000 people).
The United States, categorized as having "permissive" firearm regulation by GunPolicy.org, ranked first in international gun ownership rates with 88.8 guns per 100 people (about 270,000,000 guns total).
In 2007 the United States had 12,632 gun homicides (4.19 deaths per 100,000 people) and 17,352 gun suicides (5.76 deaths per 100,000 people).
For the record I’m pretty neutral on guns.
Never owner one.
Never even fired one.
It does seem like it’s pretty obviously in the Constitution but I wouldn’t strongly oppose an attempt to amend that if I felt confident that our military and police would and could protect us.
So, yeah.
The Old Testament stuff here seems cherry picked.
Jews absolutely draw a distinction between gentiles and Jews — indeed they already have their wall in Israel.
And they’ll DNA test you if you want citizenship there.
Deuteronomy 7:5:

*Neither shalt thou make marriages with them (non-Jews); thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son.
For they will turn away thy son from following me, that they may serve other gods: so will the anger of the Lord be kindled against you, and destroy thee suddenly.
But thus shall ye deal with them; ye shall destroy their altars, and break down their images, and cut down their groves, and burn their graven images with fire.
*

This is the sort of attitude that allowed Judaism to survive into the present.
I respect it and think Christians need to allow for a similar politics.
To the extent that Jesus changed Jewish Law or “accomplished it,” I think that might lead to us Christians having more welcoming attitudes to strangers, but our politicians need to be standing over us protecting us so that we can let the welcoming energy out... otherwise we invite in that which will eventually steamroll us.
Gotcha...
Remember though that the 2nd amendment was written in a time when guns held only 1 builet and when it was okay to own slaves..
If you're prolife then you should be pro gun control and pro medicare for all.
I’m pro Medicare for our country.
And yeah gun control...  seems fine to me.
I guess the pragmatic question is what to do about the more than 300 million guns already owned by Americans... cuz the bad guys won’t turn theirs in.
But in general, I’m with ya.
How many democrats want to take away semi automatical guns?
Do you realize that's taking away most guns?
And do you realize that wouldn't do much to lower gun deaths because pistols and shotguns would still be legal?
Most gun deaths are from pistols and a shot gun can do as much damage if not more in a mass shooting as a semi automatic gun.
So not only would it not accomplish much, but it wouldn't make sense to nit take away non semi automatic pistols and shot guns too.
None that I've ever heard of.
Taking guns away would be wildly unfeasible.
Many people desire stricter controls on guns of all types at the point of sale such as background checks and mandatory gun safety courses.
I've heard also of ideas for licensing that would require an updated gun safety training/test every ten years or so.
Well I hear the idea of banning semi automatic and assualt weapons pretty often.
The house Democrats recently introduced a bill to ban a large portion of semi automatic guns.
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonexaminer.com/house-democrats-introduce-bill-prohibiting-sale-of-semi-automatic-weapons%3f_amp=true.
Did you even read the headline?
The bill is "prohibiting the sale" not going into people's personal arsenals and forcibly confiscating their weapons.
I completely agree that any ban on automatic firearms or "assault rifles" is unjustified and ignorant.
A rifle should be treated the same as a handgun by any legislation not pertaining to hunting.
Yes, I hear from many people that we should take them away and this is an example of a major political party following up on that sentiment by voting to ban the selling of them.

Summary: 
Guns are rarely used in self-defense.
Taking guns away would be wildly unfeasible.
It's a myth that Democrats want to take all your guns.
And yeah gun control...  seems fine to me.
Do you realize that's taking away most guns?
How many democrats want to take away semi automatical guns?
For the record I’m pretty neutral on guns.
Christian here and Trump voter.
I respect it and think Christians need to allow for a similar politics.
If you're prolife then you should be pro gun control and pro medicare for all.
Countries with restrictive gun control laws have lower gun homicide and suicide rates than the United States.
I’m pro Medicare for our country.
