Original Response: 
Recently I made the decision to stop shaving my legs (smoothness only lasts about 3 hours for me and I always get razor burn) and jeez Louise the comments I have gotten from people are insane.
Funny thing is, they’ve all come from other women.
Why do people care so much about a woman not shaving her legs but don’t bat an eye at men not shaving their legs?
I don’t get why people care about another person’s body so much.
Well we men get encouraged to do it, too.
I've had to shave for a couple chicks.
It just is what it is.
Shave or no sexy times lol.
Really, you men are encouraged to remove all the hair from the entire lower half of your body?
Please, tell me more.
From the top half, yeah.
Not my legs.
Y'all have it worse with this, no doubt.
But no need to be salty because I've experienced something similar.
Guys are becoming more expected to also shave.
Just saying.
Dude, come on.
You do not fucking get it at all.
Like, beards have been in for the last decade.
Seriously, you don't get it, stop trying to pretend that you do.
[removed]
Lol, unless you *chose* a profession where you need to do these things, you don't have to.
The social pressure eon men to shave is far, far, far, far lesser in magnitude that the social pressure on women to shave.
Are bearded men present in your everyday life?
In ads, in leadership positions, in general?
Yes?!
Okay, then men do not have hte social pressure to shave that women do, highlighted by the fact that very, very, very few women who don't shave end up in advertisements, leadership positions, are are not visible in society.
Yeah like I said, women have it worse.
But these days women want a smooth man.
Believe me, I wouldn't do it if I didn't have to.
Suggesting that the pressure to do that is anywhere near as strong as the pressure for women to shave is preposterous and you know it.
This sub should be women-only.
I've already admitted such.
Most of my partners want me to shave, though.
You're an incel.
You don't have any partners.
That's what you think lol.
I am merely a black pilled ally.
Like my post history lol?
You're an incel.
You're not fooling anyone.
That's rough because I really care about what redditors think of me.
You're a redditor.

Summary: 
Shave or no sexy times lol.
Well we men get encouraged to do it, too.
I've had to shave for a couple chicks.
You don't have any partners.
That's what you think lol.
You do not fucking get it at all.
