Original Response: 
I (34f) had a baby a year and a half ago.
Now when I have sex with my (40m) husband, I cant feel anything when he penetrates me.
We've been together for 10 years, prior to having a baby we would ease into sex because it would be to uncomfortable if we went to quickly.
When we would go hard at it, I could feel him pounding deep inside me.
Now even with the most vigorous  sex, I barely know he's in there.
He seems to still enjoy sex as much as he used to.
I don't want him to feel bad so I haven't told him about this.
The first time we had sex after the birth (7 weeks or so) it was painful.
We waited a few more weeks before trying again and it's been like this ever since.
I can still cum from oral and I enjoy that, but I have a hard time participating because I'm trying to fake my way through because I cant feel what he's doing.
Am i just huge now?
Could it be nerve damage?
Did you have a cesarean ?
Yes to going to see your gyno.
No cesarean, but I did have an episiotomy.
My OBGYN had an intern that she let stitch me up, and I wasn't very happy with the results.
I brought it up at my 6 week follow up apt and she said 'this is just the new normal'.
Goodness, find a new dr.
I'm so sorry.
Yikes.
In any case, give kegels a try.
Maybe go and get a love egg while your at it.
I had an episiotomy too and it didn’t heal properly on its own.
But this is not the “new normal”.
You do not have to live like this.
Look into pelvic floor physio, it helped me immensely.
If they fucked up the stitch you may need it to be redone.
If that isn't the case get some pelvic floor physical therapy...
Ask your doctor for a referral.
The physical therapist works wonders.
Thank you.
Is this something you have to see a physiotherapist for?
Not the person you asked but yes.
There are pelvic floor physiotherapists that you see who help you figure out what the issues are and how to do exercises properly to fix them.
I haven't done it myself but am waiting until 6 months post my last baby to try it if my lingering issues don't resolve (he's 2 months now).
Most obs don't know much about it and aren't trained for it.
They probably could get you a referral though.
Do some googling and it may give you hope.
I wish I'd known about it after my first baby.
Thank you for the info.
I had heard that there were pelvic floor specialists but I thought since I'm not having incontinence issues, it wasn't really something I could benefit from.
I'm definitely going to look into it.
Not sure what country your from.
But I’m from Canada.
I just got a referral from my Dr and my health insurance through work covered it.
There’s physiotherapists that specialize in this area.

Summary: 
No cesarean, but I did have an episiotomy.
I'm definitely going to look into it.
I had an episiotomy too and it didn’t heal properly on its own.
Yes to going to see your gyno.
Is this something you have to see a physiotherapist for?
Ask your doctor for a referral.
