Original Response: 
If they are to be driven away because of that, that means that their catechesis is weak.
Or that there are better churches to go to.
Or that they don't want to support abuser and cover up.
"Oh woops looks like someone is using the Church that Christ built to do bad things, better reject Christ."
They're not rejecting Christ, they're rejecting the systematic cover up and victimization of themselves or their loved ones.
Yeah... child rape is like nothing to give a shit about for real catholics.
You are saying that the Body of Christ is a "systematic cover up and victimization of themselves or their loved ones."
No, I'm saying that rejecting abuse and the cover up is not rejecting Christ.
It is, if you are leaving the Church.
No.
Fighting against systemic abuse honors Jesus, it does not reject him.
The Catholic Church isn't going to gain its membership back by insulting those who stand up against abuse as unfaithful.
It's going to gain its members back by demonstrating positive reform and change and helping the victims.
Then there was something wrong on your Catechesis if you think that you can reject the Church and still honor him.
There is no other option.
A good Catholic will not stop being Catholic because someone is doing shit with the name of the Church.
There is something wrong with your Catechesis if you think you can support your loved ones getting sexually assaulted by authority figures and still honor Jesus.
A good Catholic does not insult victims and their families by ridiculing those unable to stay in institutions that support their abusers.
You just said that being Catholic is supporting sexual assault and that the Body of Christ motive is to sexual assault.
Protestants each day more silly.
That's not what anyone said.
You're trying to character assassinate the victims and families of those who have fled from their abusers and those who have covered up abuse.
Fleeing from abuse and cover up does not make a person unfaithful.
There were unfaithful from the start since they did not know what they are supposed to be faithful towards.
Catholics truly believe that Christ will not abandon his Church.
If you think that Christ was kidding when He said that, the it is not your fault, probably.
Someone did not showed you the fruits of that saying.
They're not unfaithful.
They're faithful towards Christ and his teachings.
That can include fleeing from and standing up to those who abuse them and their loved ones.
I think you are protestant.
You're presuming the ones perpetuating the abuse by both doing the abusing and the hiding of it are in the Body of Christ.
You think anyone who flees from or stands up to abuse is a bad Catholic or a closet protestant.
Insulting those hurt by abuse will not win members back to the church.
Reform and helping the victims will.
You think that the Church is abuse.
I think that the Church had abused people and participated in the systemic institutional cover up of abusers.
I think that those faithful fleeing the church and their abusers do not deserve your insults and ridicule.
&gt; It's going to gain its members back by demonstrating positive reform and change and helping the victims.
Is it going to be on the same day hell freezes over?
Yeah, and that is not what a Catholic would say because we believe that the Church is the Body of Christ.
And you can't be part of that body if you are in state of sin.
This is basic catechism.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
The moment you commit a mortal sin you detach yourself from the body of Christ because you lose communion with Him.
The only relationship left is due baptism, but is just to leave a "door open" for your return.
If those that commit a mortal sin are not part of the Church, in the sense that truly matters, then there is no reason to leave it because someone did some bad shit while carrying Her name.
Afternoon, please don't interpret this as me bashing the Catholic church, rather just that I dispute this line of reasoning that if someone rejects the Catholic church, then they aren't honoring Christ.
&amp;#x200B;

I've been going through a period of questioning myself.
Questioning whether God wants me in a non-denominational/Bible church, or if He wants me in a Catholic church.
To make sure my heart was open and I was accepting of every possible sign He was laying out for me, I went to a local Catholic church, scheduled an appointment with a priest, and spoke with him.
&amp;#x200B;

Aside from discussing my personal life and beliefs, he reassured me by not only letting me know that he knows a lot of non-denominational Christians who had good relationships with Jesus, but when I mentioned that I understood that the church taught salvation was only found through the church, he corrected me- this was addressed in the second council of the Vatican, where it was acknowledged, there is salvation outside the church.
&amp;#x200B;

I personally cannot find myself agreeing with the church and its doctrines- I've asked God to open my heart, I've looked into it, and though I've found verses that could potentially support it, I also find verses that seem to go against the idea of the current Catholic church.
Having been baptized as a baby, and having lived a life full of mortal sins prior to coming to Jesus, I certainly wouldn't be saved by the doctrine of salvation being 'only' in the church.
&amp;#x200B;

Yet, I feel like I can pray, and talk with God and Jesus, and that I can be led to do His will.
&amp;#x200B;

Don't take this as me attempting to persuade you Catholicism is wrong- I'm human, I could always be incorrect and the last thing I could possibly want would be to lead others astray- while I don't feel guided towards it right now in my life, that may always change, and I have to keep my heart open to the idea that I'm wrong and the church is Christ's only true church on Earth.
But be very careful in this line of reasoning and accusing others.
God bless.
Matt 7:16.
Your faith is weak.
The Pope said the death penalty is unacceptable in all circumstances, yet you were calling for a Spanish actor’s death.
You're not wrong, but some of the people in these comments will use anything to attack the Church.
It's desperate.
People are imperfect sinners, but that doesn't negate the truth of the Church.
There are bed men and they should be weeded out.
Satan does everything he can to subvert the Bride of Christ.
The priest you spoke with forgot to mention that if someone is saved outside the Church, it is not because he is outside, but despite that.
And not only that, he is salved by the Church.
Just think about this for a second...
If in heaven we are in communion with God in the 3 persons, we must also be in communion with the Son, which is the Divine Logos.
That means that those in heaven are in complete agreement on everything, otherwise you would expend eternity arguing about the Assumption or Mary.
In other words, everyone in heaven can only profess one religion.
Now take that and remind yourself that once you die the book of your life is closed.
There is no more time for you to make changes because you are, well, outside time.
So if you are to be saved and never professed to be a Catholic, then that means that God himself needs show the truth to you before your last moments on Earth so that you can finally die accepting that truth.
Extra Ecclesiam nulla salus.
&gt; There are bed men and they should be weeded out


By who?
When?
How?
&gt;By who?
The Church hierarchy.
&gt;When?
The process has been going on for decades.
An overwhelming majority of these cases that are being shared on news outlets are decades old.
For example, in the recent Pennsylvania report only two incidents occurred in the last decade.
&gt;How?
Reforms introduced by the Church.
It primarily targets seminaries where more stringent evaluations of candidates/seminarians are introduced and the culture of the priesthood is reshaped.
Men with same-sex attractions are also not allowed to become priests anymore, which has essentially stopped the abuse.
&gt; Men with same-sex attractions are also not allowed to become priests anymore, which has essentially stopped the abuse.
Citation needed.
An independant one please.
Not tradiotnalfamilyvalues.com.
I agree.
You realize that there are multiple Catholic saints in heaven according to your Church that had different viewpoints, even on the assumption of Mary, right?
I mean even Aquinas and Augustine had extremely different viewpoints about certain things.
They had.
Once they saw the truth was reveled to then they accepted it.
Just like the Benedictines and Dominicans accepted the Immaculate Conception.
&gt;The process has been going on for ~~decades~~ centuries

FTFY.
[Depends on how deep-seated the tendencies are](http://www.vatican.va/roman_curia/congregations/ccatheduc/documents/rc_con_ccatheduc_doc_20051104_istruzione_en.html).
Edit: I literally just gave a citation from the Vatican website.
[deleted]

Summary: 
You think that the Church is abuse.
It is, if you are leaving the Church.
I think you are protestant.
Reforms introduced by the Church.
And not only that, he is salved by the Church.
Or that there are better churches to go to.
Catholics truly believe that Christ will not abandon his Church.
Yeah, and that is not what a Catholic would say because we believe that the Church is the Body of Christ.
The process has been going on for decades.
Reform and helping the victims will.
Fleeing from abuse and cover up does not make a person unfaithful.
Or that they don't want to support abuser and cover up.
I think that those faithful fleeing the church and their abusers do not deserve your insults and ridicule.
Insulting those hurt by abuse will not win members back to the church.
No, I'm saying that rejecting abuse and the cover up is not rejecting Christ.
