Original Response: 
[removed]
You have to decide if you want to prioritize your relationship or your sports.
If you'd rather focus on sports, then your BF just isn't going to be happy with the way your relationship is and he should go, or you should break it off with him.
Relationships take sacrifice, and it isn't 100% great that you're so unwilling to reduce your other activities to make room for your relationship.
I don't blame your BF for being unhappy, because this comes across like you care little about him and the relationship.
I'm frustrated because he likes the body I get from sports but somehow wants that plus me always being ready for sex.
Like I askedif he wanted me to quit kickboxing and his reason that I shouldn't was that it made my legs and ass look great.
Idk, seems like neither of you want to compromise then so you're at a stale mate... let him be upset and you do you.
I don't get this.
I do insanely intense work outs 4 nights a week and i'm never too tired for sex.
We're talking about running 4 miles in under 30 minutes followed by high intensity weight training.
You should be able to recover from a workout within an hour or so.
if you can't there may be something wrong with you.
I have a friend who swears by post marathon sex as being the best sex you can have.
Im not saying everyone can have that much energy, but I don't see fencing workouts being that difficult.
&gt;  post marathon sex as being the best sex you can have.
From my perspective, that could only be starfish.
A two and a half hour workout she should be able to easily recover from and there must be something wrong with her otherwise?
Do you realize how judgmental that sounds?
A 2.5 hour practice there is no way its high intensity.
Professional athletes dont even practice at high intensity that much 3 days per week.
Lol im right there with you.
Its def not me, longest ive ever run was 10 miles and i wanted to die.
I ran a half last year, and I did have sex with my boyfriend afterward, but he pretty much had to control my legs himself.
[deleted]
Lol same.
I fenced 4 years with 3 hours practice every day and now I lift 1.5-2 hours 6 days a week.
I always have time for some sex.
Agreed.
And you shouldnt work yourself to exhaustion to the detriment of your sex life/relationship.
She could find a workout that does not ruin her for the rest of the day.
Thats just going to get her injured or sick or both.

Summary: 
I always have time for some sex.
Lol im right there with you.
You have to decide if you want to prioritize your relationship or your sports.
&gt;  post marathon sex as being the best sex you can have.
