Original Response: 
It's hilarious that even with Jones' 15 month suspension, he's still fought 2 months more recently than Gus.
That’s insane and depressing.
What’s weird is that when Gus was on JRE, he said before his latest injury he’s basically been injury free his entire career and super lucky .
Why the hell has he **only fought 6 times in the last 6 years then???
**
Maybe he just doesn't want to fight that often.
We might not like it, but fighting less frequently is probably much better for his body.
If Gus is thinking about longevity for his career and overall health then fighting less makes sense.
This is never taken into account by a lot of the fans.
These guys are putting their well-being on the line for shit money and our entertainment.
Their’s more to it then that when it comes to Gus, but we should never begrudge someone for wanting to fight once a year, especially if their not a champion.
Why the fuck would you take a non-title fight after beating #2 as #1?
There's no reason he has to risk a title shot he earned against Teixeira just because the champion is doing things other than defending his title against the most deserving guy.
Gustafsson waiting is the right move IMO, and if he's punished for it, it would be absolutely unfair given that Woodley was able to wait for a title shot for a year-and-a-half in a way deeper division after beating #7 and Thompson had already overtaken his claim to the title shot with the Hendricks win.
Gustafsson is right to wait for a shot he's earned.
He’s my 2nd favorite to watch.
Such a bummer.
Well, for starters he did injure himself a couple months ago.
Same here.
It's a shame no one will come close to matching the mesmerizing skill of GOAT Artem, bless his name.
&gt;he earned against Teixeira

He's won two fights.
This would make sense if he didin't go hard in training when hes not fighting but from what I've heard from someone who has trained with the allstars pro group they go hard often, seems like allstars is kind of the "swedish AKA".
If your one win is the #2 contender, that deserves a title shot.
In the current top 5, Gustafsson has 2 wins, and in the current top 10, he has 3.
Activity doesn't matter when your wins are still relevant and no one has overtaken your claim.
When Woodley can beat #7 and wait for a year and a half for a title shot in a deep division, there is no reason Gustafsson shouldn't be able to do the same.
&gt;and no one has overtaken your claim.
Jan has a better claim to a title shot.
Activity matters.
Activity doesn't matter at all, and Jan's wins over then #4 Manuwa and unranked Latifi don't compare to Gustafsson's over then #2 Teixiera, Manuwa, and Blachowicz himself (Blachowicz was unranked and I can't find what Manuwa was ranked at the time, probably unranked as well).
If win appreciation is accounted for (that is, whether the wins are still relevant which matters more than pure activity), Gustafsson's wins are even more relevant since Blachowicz and Manuwa are now top 5, even though Teixiera has plummeted.
Blachowicz's ranked wins are 4/5/14, where Gustafsson's are 3/5/8/11.
There's really no contest IMO.
Ding Ding Ding we have the answer.
Gus may be the better fighter but the Jab earned his shot.
Because he willingly took off lots of time to prepare.
Um, we should begrudge them when the bitch and moan constantly about the lack of title shots.
Activity matters because it mean you have a higher chance of losing.
Gus taking years off and having 6 fights in the time OSP has 18 means, his risk of losing ia nothing comparable.
That doesn't change that Gustafsson still has the better wins.
Pure activity means nothing; if your winstreak was as shitty as OSP's was (De Lima, Okami, Anderson), just taking a high quantity of them doesn't beat Gustafsson being 3-0 in the top 10.
If you want title fights or money fights, then you should more than once a year.
Imagine Tom Brady saying he only wants to play half the games in the season but still make it to the super bowl.
I'm not saying OSP has better wins.
It's just that it's easier to have better wins when you don't fight as much.
Gus is 3-3 in the top 10, losing to Rumble, Jones and DC.
When did Gus deny a title shot?
He defeats his own claims of being the irrefutable title contender then.
“He said before his latest injury”.
Rumble and Jones aren't active, and Cormier's the champion.
If either Jones or Rumble comes back, they'd be ahead of Gustafsson, but of the currently active pool, Gustafsson is only behind Cormier.
Hence the #1 contender.
It doesn’t erase his losses.
He’s 3-3 in his last six and already the most undeserved title shot in history.
It doesn't erase his losses, they just don't matter.
Title shots aren't given in comparison to retired people, just in comparison to the current pool, and Gustafsson is clearly the most proven of that pool.
And him getting 1 undeserved title shot doesn't mean subsequent ones should be prohibitively hard to get.
His latest injury isn't the one he talked about on JRE, he was on a long time before it happened.
What?
When did he deny a title shot?
I think your sentence is missing some words, he's never held a title.
Everyone means that Gus is constantly talking about deserving a title shot.
But he hasn't fought in a long time.
He didn't.
He just keeps claiming he deserves one despite never fighting.
At LHW who deserves a title shot more then Gus?
He keeps claiming one because he is ranked nr 1 and has beaten most of the top 10.
this is how we end up with something stupid like OSP vs Corey Anderson for the belt.
thanks reddit.
I'm not saying I disagree with you.
I'm just saying he hasn't fought in a long time.
And he was putting the heat on DC when DC has fought 3 times in the period he has been not fighting for.
As DC pretty much said, you want a title shot, work for it.
You got to show that determination.
And to take a 2 year break when saying you never had injury issues.
That doesn't seem like a guy who is hungry to me.
But as I said, not saying I disagree with you.
There is no one else really compelling at 205 right now sadly, so it would have to be Gus.
Though if Anthony Smith keeps up that grind and keeps winning, I would say he does.
There's a guy that is showing he is hungry.
I've always noticed too it's hard for guys who never have injuries to adjust when they start getting them.
Rehab for major injuries fucking sucks,  and is no fun.
You lose confidence in your body and overcompensate with the uninjured parts of your body which ends up getting injuries to them.
I'll be impressed if he ever comes back the same,  but I'm rooting for him.
When he is on he is so fun to watch,  and those uppercuts and head movement were brilliant.
I literally said their was more to Gus’ situation then health/longevity, implying that it’s in part his reluctance to fight.
I mean 3 current top ten wins isn't exactly most.
If we push it to top 15 then we get to 4.
He also has only been the number 1 ranked since Rumble retired.
Yet in that time he kept bitching and moaning for shots (hell they even gave him one after he had just before been KO'd by Rumble.)
even though his only recent win before was Jan Blachowicz who was ranked like #11 at the time.
He hasn't really earned any shots, he is basically skating by with one good win and the completely awful state of the LHW rankings.
That’s all fine, he doesn’t have to fight a lot, but he also shouldnt constantly be begging for title shots.
Pretty sure he has had bad back problems for a while now.
Back problems come and go and they're always a big problem when they come back and never will go away.
And the longer they are able to hang around and stay relevant the longer they can capitalize  on things like sponorships, making career longevity even more important.
At a certain point though I'd think you start to get ring rust if you're only ever testing yourself or doing training camps once a year.
And if you are consistently training hard enough to stay in shape, you're risking injuries overtime from that alone, all for nothing without a fight planned.
Bitching and moaning = the nr 1 contender calling for a titleshot...
Please tell me who in the LHW is more deserving for a title shot than Gus based on accomplishments and skills?
The only reason for wanting someone else than Gus fighting for the title is if you are a Jones fan that is scared that Gus will beat him.
Seriously their last fight was one of the greatest MMAfights of all time.
How can you not want to see that rematch?
Do you really prefer to see Blachowicz get that fight?
What are Gus's accomplishments?
Two wins (one against someone barely top 15) and 3 losses against champs or the actual number 1 contender?
Because like I said, he was bitching and moaning after he got KOd and before rumble retired.
By any stretch he hasn't earned a shot.
This ain't Dustin Porier or Brian Ortega this is a guy who is 2-3 in his last five and only beat one dude who was in the top 5 at the time.
Who in LHW should be higher ranked than Gus in your opinion?
This isnt football you cant only look at the record without context.
Gus could have easily gotten the nod vs Jones and DC.
Hell no one is hating on Romero getting a title shot in LHW and he is 1-2 in his latest 3.
Context matters.
Tell me you would rather Jon Jones fight Blachowicz with a straight face.
Are you not a MMAfan?
Gus is ranked nr 1 and he is clearly by far the most skilled fighter not named Jon Jones and DC.
I know Gus hasn't been active but am I taking crazy pills?
Conor hasnt fought in forever but no one is mad that the is fighting Khabib and not Kevin Lee.
This so much.
A lot of people have taken the "glass half-empty" approach rather than glass half-full nowadays, which is a bit sad.
I very much appreciate active fighters but if someone is inactive I'm not gonna really shit all over them as if I owe them anything.
It's a bit too self-entitled for my taste.
I am mad about Conor fighting Khabib, shit, half the sub is probably mad at him.
The context of Gus in his last five is this, should have got the nod against Jones, got Ko'd by rumble because he  made a big mistake with his corner, got beat against Cornier (this was very easy to judge, Cornier easily won 3 rounds), had a very boring fight against Jan where he had to wrestle fuck and then master classed Glover (who is now number 8).
Only at LHW would this get you the title shot.
Also yes, I wouldn't exactly like Yoel getting a shot, but at least he is active against top competition, which Gus fucking isn't.
If we look at body of work Jan absolutely deserves a shot against Cormier or Jones, he is at number 3 now and has effectively improved many areas of his game, is on a four fight streak with a very good win against an active and current top 5.
And best of, he got all of this since his last loss a year a go.
Edit: sorry I missed his win against Jimi, doesn't disprove my point because I would have left out Jones instead (his most impressive fight) but very much still, I don't think Alex deserves a title shot, off his current record that has waged over 5 years compared to Jan who got his streak over 1.
Then how does he make a living?
DC easily beat Gus:https://i.imgur.com/sGpFwmv.mp4 .......
If you prefer Jones fightin Jan for his comeback fight then I want what some of what you are smoking, unless it it Jones cock cause that is the only thing that makes sense.
Gus manhandled Jan and Jan has shown nothing that would give Jones any trouble.
Glover was ranked nr 2 when Gus fought him and his only losses are vs Jones, Gus and Johnson.
Are you payed by Malki so that Jones won't have to fight Gus again?
https://img.bleacherreport.net/img/images/photos/002/512/921/jonesgus_original_crop_north.jpg?h=533&amp;w=800&amp;q=70&amp;crop_x=center&amp;crop_y=top.
Sorry, are you not an MMA fan or do you not know that you need to get 3 rounds to earn a decision?
😂 Because DC easily got 3 rounds and beat Gus.
I actually want Jon to fight against pretty much anyone but not for a title, he doesn't deserve it either after multiple drug failures.
The only way you can have DC winning three rounds vs Gus is giving him this round: https://i.imgur.com/sGpFwmv.mp4

The fight was a split decision, saying DC EASILY won it is just showing your bias vs Gus.
Jones must be paying you good money for having him spam threads making the case that he should fight anyone but Gus.
Jones must be scared.
Cool, lets check my bias against MMA media, oh wait they nearly all had Cormier winning.
[http://www.mmadecisions.com/decision/6500/Daniel-Cormier-vs-Alexander-Gustafsson](http://www.mmadecisions.com/decision/6500/Daniel-Cormier-vs-Alexander-Gustafsson) This was easy to score.
I mean I literally said i didn't want Jones to fight for a title, so he can't be paying me much lmao.
So tell me, who do you think Jon jones comeback fight should be against?
Are you a new Conor fan or something that hasn't seen Gus vs Jones 1?
man, you keep insulting me but you don't even bother to answer my questions or retort my opinions or points.
I gave you context Gus's fights, told you he should have got the nod against Jones but you don't care, because you are so biased for Gus, you can't even see sense or difference of opinions.
Like i said, Jon doesn't deserve a title fight, he failed multiple drug tests.
He can fight Gus, Jan, Latifi, Volkan, Jimi, even OSP again, I don't care as long as the title is kept separate.
He doesn't deserve a title fight, Gus doesn't deserve a title fight.
The only person who deserves a title fight, when you look at his body of work and activity is probably Jan right now.
Answer the question.
Who in LHW would you rather see Jones fight than Gus in his comeback fight?
Their first fight was one of the greatest fight in MMA history.
Sure lets have Latifi fight Blachowicz for the interim title meanwhile Gus and Jones can be co main event.
As long as Jones wont duck Gus.
I don't care who fights Jones.
That is not the point of this thread.
Wtf are you blabbing about then?
Who do you want fighting for the title then?
Malki log off reddit.
You are embarrassing yourself.
DC will never defend the LHW title so it is open for grabs.
Sure we can have Blachowicz vs OSP for the title if you prefer.
Meanwhile, every MMAfan know that Gus and Jones are the top dogs.
This thread is about Gus fighting for a title.
I have explicitly stated I don't want gus fighting for a title or Jones.
You literally stated "Sure lets have Latifi fight Blachowicz for the interim title meanwhile Gus and Jones can be co main event" .
I am not babbling about anything, you just cant read or comprehend my points or your own.
Edit: okay, you edited your paragraph so lets have another look.
Okay so it again its just you insulting me while agreeing with having other people fight for the title.
I'm cool with this.
Btw, what does Jones have to do with this?
He wasn't apart of this thread till you kept bringing him up xD.
There is nothing there that I disagree with.
But if a LHW title fight is going to be made in 2018, Gus is the only option.
Can confirm.
Oliver Enkamp even left Allstar for pancrase gym since he kept getting injured at allstar.
HYPE TRAIN!

Summary: 
Who do you want fighting for the title then?
This thread is about Gus fighting for a title.
I don't care who fights Jones.
Btw, what does Jones have to do with this?
When did Gus deny a title shot?
At LHW who deserves a title shot more then Gus?
When did he deny a title shot?
Jan has a better claim to a title shot.
Only at LHW would this get you the title shot.
If you want title fights or money fights, then you should more than once a year.
If your one win is the #2 contender, that deserves a title shot.
Maybe he just doesn't want to fight that often.
I'm not saying I disagree with you.
I have explicitly stated I don't want gus fighting for a title or Jones.
Are you payed by Malki so that Jones won't have to fight Gus again?
He doesn't deserve a title fight, Gus doesn't deserve a title fight.
Gustafsson is right to wait for a shot he's earned.
Everyone means that Gus is constantly talking about deserving a title shot.
There is nothing there that I disagree with.
Okay so it again its just you insulting me while agreeing with having other people fight for the title.
It's just that it's easier to have better wins when you don't fight as much.
He just keeps claiming he deserves one despite never fighting.
I'm not saying OSP has better wins.
Gus is 3-3 in the top 10, losing to Rumble, Jones and DC.
Sure we can have Blachowicz vs OSP for the title if you prefer.
As long as Jones wont duck Gus.
Who in LHW would you rather see Jones fight than Gus in his comeback fight?
