Original Response: 
We both are in our mid twenties and not capable to have a child, financially or maturity wise.
I have 300 extra dollars a month and have to start paying health insurance in January, cutting that in half.
I’m in 70k worth of student debt.
We always talked if this were to happen, we would terminate until we were on our feet.
I knew something was off and just knew I was pregnant.
I never really understood when people said they just knew.
I took a test the second I got home from my work conference yesterday and it showed up so fast.
Another showed the same.
My boyfriend is beyond consolable.
I am having to be strong for the both of us and I am upset too.
It’s not an easy decision but it’s also not feasible right now.
He is telling me he can’t even look at me without thinking our baby is inside of me.
He says he doesn’t think he can assist me to the appointment.
He says he doesn’t think our relationship will make it through this if I follow through.
All this is being dumped on me while I’m also in shock and disbelief.
Can anyone please give me encouraging stories or just abortion experience stories.
I read about “how much regret I’m going to feel” and I have a friend who has always told me she regretted hers.
When I looked at that test, I never thought of the possibilities.
I instantly just knew I wanted to terminate.
No romanticizing.
I am not ready to be a mother.
But it may mean my relationship is over when I need my partner most..
[removed]
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
The abortion i made was very easy.
Took my bicycle to the hospital, changed to a robe, got anasthesia, woke up after 10 minutes, put on my clothes and bicycled home.
That was all and i felt very relived.
And the man i was with confessed later that he made me pregnant so i wouldnt leave him and allways stay at home.
Haha, guess who got a divorce right after that?
Oh my God, what an evil thing for him to do.
Glad you dodged that bullet before you had a wanted pregnancy!
I'm rather curious why they went with full knock out drugs here instead of keeping you conscious.
It was custom here in Sweden.
I was actually going to post that a lot of the time guys getting upset is for this reason.
Or it's to try to keep a woman that's out of his league around.
That sounds like something I would say, but we would both know without a doubt it was a joke.
So gross that people actually think this way.
How could you possibly know that?
Natural response and seen it happen.
That's not a natural response and anecdotal evidence shouldn't be used as a generalization.
"In my experience, these things can and do happen" Feel better?
My mom had an abortion in her 20s because she wasn't ready to be a mother yet.
Then once she was married, financially stable, and had planned to have a kid, at age 30 she had my oldest brother.
Then proceeded to have 3 more kids.
She has told me she never regrets the abortion.
It allowed her to make the family she wanted on her own terms, and we all turned out better for it.
It sounds like you already know what you want to do, OP, and it's your bf that is trying to force you into what he wants by giving an ultimatum.
Do what you need to do for yourself, not for him.
This.
For all the pro lifers whining about "omg but the aborted fetus missed a chance at life" well... More children in a much more stable family environment will miss a chance at life if the woman doesn't abort in the situation isn't right to start a family.
Ask your partner to Consider if you want children and how many you want in the future, as that may not be possibly if you have one before being financially/academically ready.
It's much more responsible to wait than rush into something like this, hopefully your partner realises how much of an impact on your life a real live baby has, beyond omg it's cute tho.

&gt;For all the pro lifers whining about "omg but the aborted fetus missed a chance at life" well...
I like to point out that if my mom never had an abortion, she'd never have had me either.
We don't mourn hypothetical people, otherwise every ovulation would require a eulogy.
I hate that argument.
First of all, at the risk of sounding crass, what is so great about life?
If you have never experienced life (a fetus) you probably won't miss it.
Single moms make up a huge part of poverty in the US, why are we encouraging women to choose that?
[deleted]
I was watching Sarah Silverman's new show the other day, and the abortion doctor on the show referred to "pro-lifers" as "anti-choice."
I thought this was an important distinction.
Personally, I'm changing my terminology to anti-choice, as "pro-lifers" are rather "pro denying a woman her right to choose what to do with her own body."
Apparently it's far more responsible to be an uneducated single Mom on welfare than a person that has had an abortion but went on to contribute to their own growth and that of society ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯.
Yes but those people don’t exist yet...
My mom has a similar story.
A few months before she was to leave for boot camp, she found out she was pregnant with her high school boyfriend’s baby.
Her older sisters had gotten pregnant right out of high school as well, and kept the pregnancies but she said she saw that they lived hard lives, as there were little to no opportunities in the tiny rural town she’s from.
She decided to abort.
She says she always knew she didn’t want to end up like my aunts, who are doing ok now, but struggled financially and mentally for decades.
She broke up with her high school boyfriend as a result.
But she said she never regretted it, said she wouldn’t have gotten to join the Navy and travel the world, or met my dad and had me.
I never wanted for anything as a kid and since both my parents were in the navy I got to travel the world with them.
I had a pretty good childhood.
My mom says almost none of that would’ve happened had she not had that abortion.
People have been using "pro" to attempt to describe positions in a positive light and "anti" to describe positions on a negative light for many many years.
It's just semantics to try to sway people.
That's why pro-life and pro-choice call themselves that instead of anti-choice and anti-life.
The whole argument is "certain people wouldn't exist if not for abortion - so it needs to be banned" can be easily reversed to "Lots of people also wouldn't exist if the mother is forced to have a child against her will before being ready- so abortion should always be available".
It doesn't make sense to value one hypothetical life over another, especially when the other will be very much wanted and planned for, surely it's best to bring up a child you can provide for than one you can't.
It boils down to when you think life starts.
Personally, if a miscarriage is not considered homicide and women can't be persecuted for severely damaging their fetus by smoking/drinking/taking drugs while pregnant (but it's abuse to do that level of damage to a baby), then it's consistently with the belief that a fetus does not legally have the same rights as a baby or any living human "people" - both those arguments speak for a "potential" life than an actual person.
Neither *exist* yet.
[removed]
Idk.
There's 7 billion + of us.
Every load too.
I'm surprised you could understand that comment.
I only refer to the "pro-life" crowd as either pro-birth or anti-choice.
Because a large portion of the people that take that stance don't give a fuck about you or your baby once it's born.
Programs for poor single mothers?
Cut that budget.
Studies show unwanted children often end up incarcerated?
Build more prisons.
Trying to save money on food stamp programs?
Better spend even more money on drug testing recipients.
I mean....tons of women who miscarry mourn and grieve over their "hypothetical child".
It can be emotionally devastating for families even when the women wasn't 'that' far along.
It's not our place to tell other people how to feel about the unborn.
That's an individuals choice.
And that's why it's the pro choice movement not the yay abortions for errrybody party.
What if the father of that pregnancy wanted to raise the child independent of your mother.
How would that have negatively affected her ability to have the family she wanted on her own terms?
She would have been unable to continue with medical school if she had decided to carry it to term.
Still would have majorly fucked up her life.
I get the point that you're trying to make, but she does not now, never has, and never will owe anyone use of her body just so they could be a father.
And neither does anyone else.
edit to add: I hate the argument that a pregnant person should just carry it to term and give the baby away, as if carrying the pregnancy to term is simple and not a risk to the person's life.
If you think it's an easy process, you don't know enough about pregnancy and birth.
Certainly not enough to be making decisions for other people's bodies...
&gt;if my mom never had an abortion, she'd never have had me

My mom almost aborted me but left the clinic 2 min before she did it so....
I don't know what that means...i guess it was a bad idea we're all miserable now, but it's illegal to kill myself because that would be morally wrong i guess?
I also helped deliver my little sister at home in the bathtub ... i'd rather have not done that either but mom insisted because she worked 9 months on this thing... maybe life is all worthless and it's just how much we've bonded with the live ones?
Like this lady here, nobody knows her... but we know more about her than the other guy so she gets the support, primate closeness in action.
&gt;More children in a much more stable family environment will miss a chance at life 

Theoretical future persons are not moral persons and cannot rationally figure in this moral calculus.
This reminds me of the #PeriodsforPence movement, when that turd was the governor of Indiana.
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/08/us/periods-for-pence-campaign-targets-indiana-governor-over-abortion-law.html.
Yes.
Much like a fetus is a theoretical hypothetical person.
It would make sense to value the life that already exists over the hypothetical future life.
If you value the life in the womb as a human as most prolife people do then the ethical dilemma with what your saying becomes pretty apparent.
I just drank a full bottle of wine and I can make more sense than that guy sober.
Yes but, I can also value sperm and egg at the same value as a full human and that will be as completely illogical.
Another user replied here saying they would not be born if their mother had not aborted.
They seem hypothetical to you?
You think they deserve to be born less  than the fetus that was not?
That makes no sense in my mind.
It takes more to be human than to fuse a sperm and egg together.
The difference with a miscarriage though is that the pregnancy is usually wanted and/or planned.
Don't forget how often they carve into education for more room in the budget.
It's very sad to see the politicians that align themselves as "pro-life" continue on to place obstacles in the way of quality of life for the working class.
And we're all familiar with the studies showing that better sex ed programs and availability of birth control are what actually impacts the numbers.
Yet abstinence-only programs are being aggressively pushed in many areas.
If they cared about cutting down abortion rates, they would pursue options that actually work.
Instead it's puritanical judgments and decreasing access.
Yes, changing "pro-life" to "anti-choice" makes sense.
I thought for a moment you might be my daughter.
.
.I was in a miserably unhappy marriage in my 20s.
We were in couples therapy.
I had an IUD.
When I finally figured out I was pregnant.
When I found out I was pregnant, my husband said "are you leaving our are you having an abortion".
I want at all ready to leave the guy, and I certainly why ready to be a single mother of his child.
I had an abortion.
We broke up six months later.
I met my wonderful future husband a year after that, and we have two grown children, activist pro choice people.
I have absolutely no regrets.
I'm pretty sure I would have jumped off the Golden Gate Bridge if I couldn't have gotten the abortion.
And yes, I donate monthly to Planned Parenthood and I keep several packs of Plan B in my cupboard for anyone who needs them.
OP : thank you for posting.
I wish you great love and peace.
There was a quote from some nun who called 'pro-lifers' on their shit for the exact reasons you said.
It's floating around the internet somewhere.
And I will give the perspective of a child that was not born on their mother's terms.
I was an accident.
My mother knew she wanted me the second she found out she was pregnant, but I was a one night stand baby and my father wanted nothing to do with me.
She had me and has had to deal with the consequences pretty much ever since.
My extended family shunned her for having a child outside of marriage.
She was treated like a cat in heat by my grandparents because they thought she lacked the sense to not get pregnant again.
And she never found someone to be my father because in the Christian community she was essentially tainted goods.
I know being born wasn't my fault.
I didn't choose to exist.
But I wish that my mom could have lived the life she wanted and not the life she was forced to.
She has never expressed resentment toward me because I know she doesn't regret her decision.
But honestly I sometimes regret it for her.
good job identifying the two irreconcilable points you were making, this bodes well for your ability to pass bioethics 201.
More like she’s the one who has to potentially carry the child, and the one who has to endure the abortion.
Not the guy’s body, not his choice unfortunately.
I thought you were replying to this comment:
  
  
It boils down to when you think life starts.
Personally, if a miscarriage is not considered homicide and women can't be persecuted for severely damaging their fetus by smoking/drinking/taking drugs while pregnant (but it's abuse to do that level of damage to a baby), then it's consistently with the belief that a fetus does not legally have the same rights as a baby or any living human "people" - both those arguments speak for a "potential" life than an actual person.
Neither *exist* yet.
So unless you can explain why a born baby is treated extremely different to a fetus - they're just not the same thing.
Edit: to add, one of the users here replied (s)he wouldn't be born if his mother didn't have an abortion.
You go tell him how he's somehow worth less than the other potential for life.
That's your whole point right?
&gt;and it's your bf that is trying to force you into what he wants by giving an ultimatum

Yeah...you're really assuming an ultimatum was given, because you're dead set on the BF being wrong.
It's not wrong for him to have feelings, nor is it wrong for him to express them.
Saying something like "He says he doesn’t think our relationship will make it through this if I follow through" may very well mean "I'm afraid our relationship won't make it."
I'd hope he could support her better at the procedure, but give him a few days to get over his initial reaction.
Sometimes people can suck it up and do what needs to be done, but it can take a minute.
Do what you want because fuck guys am I right?
My mom told me recently she had an abortion about 6 years before I was born.
My dad (they were just married at the time) was NOT okay with it.
He left my mom for a couple days and couldn't believe she was moving forward with it.
But he came around and they moved past it.
My mom doesn't regret her decision because she knew she wasn't ready or capable to give that baby a good life.
She says if that didn't happen, she wouldn't have had me 6 years later ☺
Stay strong - you're brave for knowing what's right for you and sticking to that decision.
Sending positive thoughts your way and hoping that the next few weeks go okay.
The fetus has started developing as a human.
It has human DNA.
It’s a homosapien.
A sperm and egg by themselves are neither.
The circumstances are completely different and that’s why you don’t see anyone arguing to protect sperm and egg rights.
EDIT: I’d also like to propose a question to you, at exactly what point do you become a human?
The easiest answer to this question is at conception.
There are two people involved in making this decision.
Ultimately it is her body but you can't ignore this mans opinion.
They're not in the best place but they're not in a bad place to take care of a child.
It's entirely possible they could do it.
This is something hard for both parties to be dealing with and needs a lot of discussion.
Stay level headed, be honest and open minded and hopefully you can both come to an agreement.
It would be best for both your relationship and the child if you decide to have it.
Edit: love the downvotes thanks reddit!
This opinion is coming from a couple in their mid twenties that had a daughter 2 years ago and managed to finish university, buy a home, work crazy hours all the while being pregnant and taking care of a toddler.
Where there's a will there's a way.
So, just ignore and refuse to address my points which point out why they are still not the same despite sharing the same DNA.
How convenient and really drives your point home.
Identical twins share the same DNA - I guess that makes them just one person according to your logic.
Unless it somehow doesn't, in which case I can claim my heart is a separate human being to me.
At least its able to be kept alive much longer with the correct apparatus than a few week old fetus so it even has more claim there.
Also good luck assigning criminal investigations and murder charges to every woman that has had a miscarriage, because if a baby died in he care it would sure as hell be investigated.
Oh and if a woman tries to drink a baby out of existence, it's perfectly legal as long as it's not abortion drugs.
Because that makes sense.
And yes, I know someone who tried that.
The baby survived but is severely disabled.
Absolutely no criminal charges.
Why?
If I crippled a real life baby like that, I would be locked up.
So why?
Because no legal system recognises a fetus to be legally equivalent to a fully grown and delivered baby.
None.
Because it's crazy to assign something without a name and lack of any sort of legal rights the same value as a fully grown developed human.
I don’t think this is true or based on anything other than speculation.
I had an unplanned, extremely inconvenient pregnancy that ended in miscarriage.
I was devastated.
Boyfriend is trying to force her by being honest about how he feels.
It would be criticism of another kind if he didn’t express his feelings.
Lose lose apparently.
So much this.
I understand, more than most, this situation.
I (m) begged and pleaded with my ex-girlfriend many moons ago to keep our child.
I even offered to leave and raise it on my own.
I can look back now and sympathise with her firm stance but I will never comprehend just exactly how fucked up this situation is for men.
You say 'he is trying to force you into what he wants by giving you an ultimatum'.
What if the situation was reversed and he didn't want to keep the baby?
How would the situation unfold?
I'm not naive enough to think it should be evenly balanced, but there is VERY LITTLE TO NO support out there for people like OP's boyfriend and myself.
All we are told is that 'it's a woman's body, she can do as she please' but either way, the male has absolutely no say in this situation.
I think you're making a pretty unfair opinion on the boyfriend knowing absolutely nothing about the situation.
Your mom's story has no relation.
&gt; Yet abstinence-only programs are being aggressively pushed in many areas.
Generally the same areas that are strongly politically opposed to abortion, if I'm not mistaken.
The GOP is not a party of conservatism.
It's a party of cynical illiberalism, of cruelty, of hatred, of greed, of head-in-the-sand denial of reality, anti-intellectualism, belief-beggaring hypocrisy and unprecedented unself-awareness.
I agree with the “wanted” part of their statement.
It’s that with miscarriages the couple (or woman) is looking forward, or wanting the pregnancy.
In a way, it would be like being told you won the lottery and then we’re told “never mind!” 

On that note, I’m really sorry you went through that.
I'm pro choice I believe woman should be able to have an abortion if you are not ready to have a child you are not ready.
I try not to judge.
But I get more shit for my belief that if a man is not ready to have a child &amp; bails (which I pretty much the only option) I consider that their choice to &amp; try not to judge.
o/\~ Every sperm is sacred o/\~
OP specifically asked for others to share stories.
Well with anything there are bound to be outliers.
I’m sorry that happened to you.
Same!
My mom wouldn’t have been able to move to the US and have me and my siblings if she didn’t have an abortion when she was 18.
Her life would have been forever different and she doesn’t regret it.
This was me too.
I have sad feelings about the situation but zero regret because it would have fucked up everyone's life.
Now both would be dad and I found great partners and can be awesome parents.
And fwiw, even though he expressed at the time he wanted to keep the baby, he was wholly respectful of my decision and supported me the whole way through.
It's one of the reasons I still consider him a friend.
No it’s not responsible to be on welfare in the minds of most conservative pro-life folks.
I think you’re supposed to either magically find a 65,000/year job to cover daycare, healthcare, housing, and food, or you’re supposed to “not be a drain on society” which basically means starve to death, the baby doesn’t matter once it exits the uterus, the full potential is realized, we’d know if they were the next Einstein upon crowning.
Or they could just say “we just want to punish women for having sex” it’s all the same basic argument.
I never ignored any of your points, I just happen to disagree with them and think they stand on thin ground personally.
I can't happen to take your argument seriously, that one life that only existed because A happened is just cause for A to have happened.
Identical twins sharing the same DNA does not make them the same.
Physically they acquire two different spaces in a coordinate plane and emotionally both have had varying life experiences.
On a spiritual level if you believe that stuff they have two different souls.
Them having human DNA does however make them human.
I didn't know a living organism having solely human DNA would make them human would be so controversial lol.
Your heart by itself wouldn't be human as it's simply a part of you - it isn't its own individual living organism.
Your genetic code defined you to have two arms, two legs, a head, a spinal cord, a brain.
Your heart by itself has none of those and it will never develop them under any conditions.
You also assume that I want abortion to be illegal.
I waiver back and forth on this one a bit but I certainly wouldn't put someone on trial for the same crime in an abortion case as I would for murdering another person in cold blood.
I think it was a prochoice person that pointed out to me once that God instituted a fine as a punishment for causing a miscarriage to another's wife, though I've never checked the validity of this source.
While both may be human life's and deserve the right to life context must be taken in place.
Obligatory singing "Every sperm is sacred"
Yeah WTF.
I'm pro choice to the point that I'd perform the surgeries if I were capable but let's not bullshit ourselves that it's "just a clump of cells" or a period.
One of the most harrowing and painful experiences of my life was losing our first "hypothetical child".
You might not mourn a period or feel too bad about Plan B, but your "hypothetical child's" heart starts beating at 6 weeks and you can see it at 8.
When it stops at 9, 10, or 30 weeks you fucking feel it.
&amp;#x200B;

Let's be real.
You can be super pro choice and not have to minimise things so atrociously.
Doesn't make it any less or more "hypothetical" which it the point.
I'm not judging this person because I need Gods forgiveness as much as she or anyone else does.
What's irresponsible and wrong though is having sex outside of marriage.
Now because of that a child is involved and society has taught them it's just an oopsie and not murder.
But our society is corrupt and ignorant of the Lord and that child was given to them by God.
That's the situation and you and most of the people here are cheering her on to destroy a human life.
It's not ok and it will never be ok.
If she put her trust in the Lord, got married and carried this child to term I can guarantee you that God will intervene.
That is the outcome they need, not to try to erase the mistake.
The consequences are far bigger and run far deeper than any of us can imagine.
I’ve started to use the term “forced birth” because really that’s what it is.
Every sperm is great.
If a sperm is wasted, God becomes quite irate.
&gt;Because a large portion of the people that take that stance don't give a fuck about you or your baby once it's born.
Programs for poor single mothers?
Cut that budget.
Studies show unwanted children often end up incarcerated?
Build more prisons.
Trying to save money on food stamp programs?
Better spend even more money on drug testing recipients.
This is SOOO true.
Plus there are these places that disguise themselves to be like planned parenthood except they aren't at all - they push so hard for girls to not abort and have the baby, and even lie to them and tell them they have plenty of time to decide when really they don't.
And then when the girl actually has the baby, they totally stop supporting her/comforting her.
It's sick.
Like don't coerce someone into having a baby by telling them it's going to be ok and then leaving them to dry when they finally have the baby.
My mom also has one before she met my dad and had me.
I'm convinced I wouldn't exist if it weren't for safe accessible access to abortion.
The butterfly effect :) she never would have even met my dad.
I am legit curious now... if it was unplanned and incovenient (thus, unwanted) why would you be devastated when it didn't happend?
did you actually wanted it despite being inconvenient?
did it make you feel bad because you felt as if you were not capable?
I'm legit trying to understand, in my head I imagine me breaking an arm, being bummed about it,  it being magically healed and being even more bummed about it????
Edit: Ok, just because its inconvenient and unplanned doesnt mean it's unwanted, I assumed it wasn't because of the original post that says "unwanted and/or unplanned" my bad...

also, the answer is "Hormones"
Well said.
It is possible to be pro-choice AND anti-abortion.
I would never want to have an abortion, but I absolutely believe every woman deserves the right to make that decision for herself without anyone making it any harder than it already is.
What really needs to happen is better birth control so fewer women get pregnant unintentionally.
But that is a rant for another day...
There was just a post this week from a woman who was railing against the term "pro life" because too many women believe it means something different.
I think pro and anti choice makes it clear.
But of course the anti choice folks will NEVER call it that because it hurts their anti-abortion cause.
Bad marketing.
This argument is so disingenuous and will always lead to nowhere.
It doesn't work because Pro-life voters believe that you are murdering a baby.
They think it's murdering an innocent life that god placed in your womb.
Calling them anti-choice would be like them calling you pro-death.
It would be like them assuming that your only reason for having an abortion is because you hate baby's.
Their isn't some grand master plan to force women into child birthing slavery.
This isn't a worldwide conspiracy.
It's not really that hard to understand.
You know most of the most vocal pro-life nuts are women right?
In fact most of the pro-life women I know are black.
Sticking your head in the sand by changing the language and ignoring their concerns is not better than comprising on intellectually level ground.
Children and women get raped every single day.
People get killed every single day.
Children birth babies
 of their rapists everyday.
Some children die giving birth to those babies because their bodies are not developed enough to give birth.
People freeze or starve to death every single day.
There's so much bad things happening on this planet that you should rather be worried about your god "not intervening" any of that instead of forcing your religious views on other people who are miserable and need actual help and support.
I'm pretty sure if the all allmighty doesn't care for the above mentioned people, he couldn't care less about sex outside of marriage and abortions.
If you are a crazy god believer then go for it but never push those believes on other people who don't ask for any god's opinion and actually want helpful answers.
Adoption is another option.
I was adopted at 3 days old.
My biological mother was 16 and father was 17.
My adopted parents are amazing and love me and my brother with all their heart and soul.
I now have a beautiful family, loving husband, 6 kids and a wonderful career where I manage 50 people and hopefully encourage them to be the best they can be.
My bio father found me a few years ago and has 5 other daughters.
He never stopped thinking about me all these years and had a heavy heart about the adoption for most of his life.
He raised his daughters to know that they had a sister out there somewhere.
My life is full and I am thankful my biological parents gave me a chance at life and also gave me 2 amazing parents who couldn’t have a baby if their own.
You have choices- relax, pray about it, let ur boyfriend have a voice in the matter and do what ur heart tells u to do.
No one is ever really ready to have a baby -most of the time- it just happens.
Be strong❤️.
I'm glad everything ended up happier in your life after this period.
You sound like an excellent and proactive mom, good for you!
The bookkeeper of my wife's small business is very religious and anti-choice.
So was her daughter.
They even went so far as to attend protests.
The daughter was a bit wayward, broke up with her longterm boyfriend, met and slept with this less-than-desirable guy, and of course got knocked up.
Guess who was taking her daughter to the abortion clinic?
What a bunch of hypocrites.
Its sad that this even has to be framed as something she should “regret”.
An abortion is one of the most benign and normal medical procedures.
There’s nothing to fear, nothing to regret and certainly nothing to get upset about.
Literally the ONLY reason you have those ingrained reaction is because of millenia of oppressing women that has pushed such a narrative.
But the reality is that an abortion is one of the most biologically normal aspects of humanity and one of the most closely held right of being a woman.
And there is no more noble of a profession than someone who performs abortions.
Honestly so inspired by people who do it every day.
Exactly.
They couldn’t give a shit less about kids once they’re born.
Conservatives don’t support healthcare for kids or public education.
[removed]
That is 100% false.
Even relatively early miscarriages can have major effects on the body, from hormone changes, serious (potentially life threatening) bleeding, to lasting depression.
Aside from that, I think what others are saying sounds plausible.
Before it happens to you it's much more abstract; you can't really know how you'll feel about it till after it happens.
You're making two big assumptions based on your observation of evil in the world;  one, that God doesn't care, and two that He isn't intervening.
I can answer both of those without even going into what God might be doing individually in the lives of hurting people all over the world:  He sent His Son Jesus Christ.
God became a human being and suffered with us, bridging the gap of our sin by dying on the cross for us and defeating death through His resurrection.
God has already made a way for every living person to have a personal relationship with Him and have eternal life.
This is why it says in John 3:16 that God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever should believe in Him will not perish but have everlasting life.
So God has acted and has an answer for every suffering person in the world today.
Not only that but He continues to act for mankind 24/7 365 through His sovereign grace and through His people here on Earth.
You should consider the fact that if the world isn't the way it ought to be, it is showing you there is a standard of good that you are longing for, because God has written it on your heart.
He is that standard of good.
He is perfectly righteous and holy.
So, I am not offering useless advice but telling you what the Lord God has ordained for mankind and that there is very real hope for her, her boyfriend and child through Jesus Christ.
I think people are being real, feelings regarding fetuses are incredibly varied.
Yes, it has a heartbeat at 6 weeks.
It is also 1/4 an inch in size.
To me, that is more like a tadpole than it is a human child, but I’ve never been pregnant and couldn’t say what it feels like then.
The whole point of being pro choice is not getting to make decisions for others based on your personal understanding of their pregnancy.
&gt;We don't mourn hypothetical people, otherwise every ovulation would require a eulogy.
Bumper sticker right there.
And I'm super behind anyone that wants to abort that tadpole.
I'm super behind anyone aborting this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxFxK8utecw
(when my baby died)

And even aborting this: https://youtu.be/d4Nsdm2gKSU?t=29

I just think we have to be fully informed before taking extreme stances on exactly what is "potential".
I was militantly pro-choice.
Like I wanted to shield people at abortion clinics from pro-life protesters and would have knee jerk railed against ceding an INCH in the ability to get abortions.
Now though after the experience I'm like.. Somewhere back several notches from militant.
Like.. Oh.
You want to make abortions after 20 weeks illegal?
I uh.
Won't fight you on that so long as there are the usual health of the mother precautions, serious medical issues detected in the baby or super edge case situations of a kid being kept in a dungeon not being forced to keep their rapists baby kind of thing.
I would have unthinkingly not listened to anything that gave ground.. Now i'm like.. well.. That's reasonable I guess... it's like a couple of weeks from potentially surviving on it's own.
Anyways.
I'm just saying we don't have to pretend it's still just strawberry jelly at 12 weeks.
We can understand it's more than that and STILL be pro choice.
This is mostly because this thread has wound a path through miscarriage and minimising losing a baby as merely "potential".
Respect a woman's right to choose, don't minimise the little bub that's there if they want to keep it and their grief if they lose it.
#### [9 Weeks 4 Days Pregnant Ultrasound!
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxFxK8utecw)
##### 44,892 views &amp;nbsp;👍67 👎7
***
Description: My ultrasound done at 9 weeks and 4 days.
Baby had hiccups and wiggled the whole time!
Measured at 10 weeks.
So in love!
*Brittany Brice, Published on Jan 12, 2016*
***
^(Beep Boop.
I'm a bot!
This content was auto-generated to provide Youtube details.
Respond 'delete' to delete this.)
^(|) [^(Opt Out)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/wiki/index) ^(|) [^(More Info)](http://np.reddit.com/r/YTubeInfoBot/)
I agree.
Doesn't matter if you agree with abortion.
You at least deserve to know that the choice of whether to do it or not is available.
Blessed be the fruit.
You're making a *huge* leap from "unplanned and inconvenient" to "unwanted".
The first does not imply the second.
Babies are pretty much never convenient and only sometimes come when you plan for them to...
I agree about not minimizing other womens’ pregnancy losses, but guess I don’t see the need for a distinction.
Loss of potential can be absolutely devastating, full stop.
And I feel like my own lack of interest in having the conversation about needing to ban abortion past a certain point with anti-choice or reduced-choice folks isn’t about not wanting to be reasonable about when abortions should occur, but about refusing to buy into their narrative that it’s even a problem in need of governmental regulation, because the kernel at the heart of that conversation, to me, is the insidious belief that women want to abort willy-nilly up until (or past) viability.
And that just isn’t true.
[removed]
It is possible to feel a whole range of emotions over a single thing.
It’s really not that hard to comprehend.
I too lost an unplanned and very inconvenient pregnancy early on.
It’s not the same for everyone but I felt both relief and immense sadness, along with confusion, stress, worry, physical pain.
To this day I’m still very sad about it, but can also see how different my life would look if the baby had been born.
A baby or potential baby is different to a broken arm.
But how each person feels about it is going to be different.
I guess I find it an interesting discussion because I didn't previously understand the distinction.
It's a sliding scale of potential.
If you've just seen the + on the test it's mostly potential, if you've just had a 20 week scan it's at the other end of the scale.
And I understand our friend who lost their baby at 38 weeks suffered more grief than us at 9 weeks even though I found it overwhelming and still tear up at the little booties I bought for them and now keep in a special place.
I do actually think governmental regulation has a place.
I mean 99.999999999% of people don't murder but we still need regulation for it, so there is a need to have some legal framework for it.
But I agree no one should buy into the narrative of abortions-as-contraception so I don't fault you for not engaging with the whole premise.
**Also, reprehensibly, a portion of later term abortions are actually caused by anti-choice measures aimed at preventing early abortion and they should all burn in hell for putting the women through it.
**
I don't know you, but I already hate you.
Take the preachy bullshit elsewhere.
This.
It’s amazing to me just how many people here are absolutely okay with judging another person’s natural response of fear / love regarding a human life growing in his girl...
It makes me wonder how old these people are, or if they’ve ever faced a decision like this.
It is absolutely not easy, and if it is...you might consider talking to someone.
Exactly.
I don't even bother with the semantics of where exactly life begins, because a woman should always be able to choose what to do with her own body.
End of story.
Isn't that how it always goes?
I'm very against this position until I find myself in said position.
Nobody said there was some "master plan to force women into birthing slavery."
You're attacking a point that I never made.
Whether pro-birthers realize it or not, they are pro-forced-birth.
Also, you do realize that calling "pro-lifers" "nuts" doesn't help anything?
I disagree with their position, that doesn't mean I think they are crazy.
Another thing, where do you get this whole " most pro-lifers are black women" thing?
What does that have to do with anything at all?
Are you able to actually back that up with statistics?
Even if you can, what does it have to do with anything?
You derailed your whole argument when you started in with completely irrelevant and baseless arguments.
Even if it were true, what does being a woman or being black have to do with any of this?
I'd like to up vote this x1000.
We don't?
You've never mourned the death of a novel's protagonist, or a movie's hero/ine?
How well do we "really" know anybody?
To say you can't mourn the death of a baby fetus is ridiculous.
That being said, I will concede that the majority of men's "problem" with abortion is about control(ling women).
btw, I'm a male.
Username does NOT check out.
Because status quo is all about controlling women--keeping them "barefoot and pregnant" in the kitchen, and not "in the world, messin up 'men things'".
That has pretty much been the main ideology running through our world, or at least US.
But of course that is changing (hopefully).
Because how boring is that!
If the father wanted to raise the child on his own, she'd still have to pay child support for the kid, which can be crippling.
I'm gonna go with the latter.
That's what it's all about... control.
Men controlling women.
Unfortunately, many men grow up to believe that this is okay, or, "how it should be."
Both men and women can be so ignorant and petty... that's humans for ya!
It's all about education and overcoming one's own prejudices and fears.
Lol.
Cheesy boobs.
Not really.
Pro-lifers as the term used is actually more reductive then it would be at first glance by somebody unaware of the actual meaning.
It sounds like you simply are pro life.
Pro having people carry to term once pregnant.
Ostensibly you should be able to be both, being pro-life and pro-choice.
Being for babies getting born, but having people make that choice for their own.
But that's not what the word means.
It's not just pro-life, they're actively against the possibility of abortion, and are just focused on removing choice as an option for women.
They picket abortion clinics, shame and attack people who want abortions or provide them.
They make laws trying to make it impossible, and are focused on overturning the constitutional right.
You can't be both from their side.
Pro-life is their name, but it's absolutely correct to describe them as anti choice as well.
Pro-choice people are literally just that, for the ability for people to make that choice either way.
Anti-lifers would be for mandatory abortions.
For forcing people not to have offspring.
They're not anti life.
There are not protesting or picketing the maternity ward about how bad these mothers are for having babies.
They're not attacking obstetricians.
In fact lots of pro choice people have babies and lots would not chose for an abortion regardless of their current parental status.
It literally is just affirmative.
They're just for something, not against something.
Pro-lifers simply are anti-abortion.
Pro-choicers are not anti-life.
That is a huge difference, both sides are not the same.
&gt; You've never mourned the death of a novel's protagonist, or a movie's hero/ine?
No?
I mean, you're sad at the time because you're (presumably) and empathic human being who can totally picture how sad the other people are.
But I really hope you don't spend weeks thinking back to Littlefoot's mother, or Jack (titanic) or the guy from The Green Mile and the amazing times you had while they were alive.
&amp;#x200B;

And even that's different.
I don't mourn the non-existence of my 400 nonexistent brothers and sisters any more than you do.
But....
I think you're the one missing the point.
Of course you dont mourn something that literally you have no Knowledge of--but that "baby" (foetus/thing) whatever you wanna call it, WAS there .. it did exist.
To try and say it didnt, now that's just psychotic.
By the time I found out, I hated the person who got me pregnant.
I was broke and supporting my disabled mother on a part-time waitress income.
AND, I had a very bad drinking problem(quit as soon as I found out.)
However, that child made me a mother in my heart and then it was gone.
It was a horrible time to become a mother, but the loss was an unimaginable blow, at that time.
10 years after I would still cry when I thought about it (and I’m not a crier.)
15 years later and it’s not as sad in the present, just a sad memory.
They only care about one thing and that's money.
They might say "it's those types of people" who keep on pushing out babies for a bigger welfare check too lazy to work taking your hard earned money paid in taxes.
All they do is steal do drugs and kill themselves.
They all deserve prison.
Prisons that are privately owned, full of detainees providing slave labor.
Im sorry to hear that...
Is it though?
I mean, this is a very philosophical question, but it rather depends on your definition of "being".
At what point does the potential being become a being and something you can mourn over.
Obviously it's not at ovulation, or before.
Is it at conception, or at implantation?
It's probably before birth though (but again, others disagree, and don't even name babies till they're a year old)

I can't answer that for everyone (hell, I can barely answer it for myself...), and I think everyone's answer to that is different.
&gt;All we are told that it is a woman's body, and that she can do with it as she please

That's because that is literally all there is too it.
That's how bodily autonomy works.
If babies came into this world in an independent way, via artificial wombs, or 3d printed, or downloaded for nine months over the internet, it would be different.
But unfortunately, it is not.
It has nothing to do with that.
Guys simply have not part in that decision, because that's not how bodily autonomy works.
If babies came into this world in an independent way, via artificial wombs, or 3d printed, or downloaded for nine months over the internet, it would be different.
And then men having no say instead of an equal say would be indeed unfair.
But, that is not the case.
It's not "because fuck guys" but "because it's *women* that are pregnant."
So long as you're okay with the reverse mantra for yourself - anti lifer.
I don't give a shit what you call me.
There is no  debate about whether or not a woman is a human being.
I always stand by women and their right to choose what to do with their own bodies.
"Pro-lifers" want to take away a woman's right to choose what she can do with her own body.
You can be against abortion, that's fine!
Then don't get a goddamn abortion.
However, to the people that want to impose that viewpoint on someone else, that want to rob a woman of her right to choose what to do with her own body-I will always stand up for her right to choose.
Oh, I didn't finish my sentence.
Most of the black women I know are pro-life.
I don't have stats but do you really need any?
I'm in Texas right now.
It's Jesus 24/7.
I'm just making the point that the very people that would be negetively effected by a pro-life stance, the group that is most often used by the pro-choice advocates, can be pro-life.
For them It's not about denying freedom of choice for women it's about denying life to unborn baby's.
Calling them nuts is exactly where the argument needs to go.
Instead of attempting to make it about something it's not I say "I don't believe in your religion and I know I'm killing a fetus that could potentially become a baby, I just don't care."
and then give a like a timeframe when you think that abortion is an appropriate solution.
Lean into the baby killing.
Otherwise it's just two groups with two disconnected arguments.
I have to respectfully disagree.
I don't think that name-calling is a way to get people to see things from your point of view or to get anyone to meet you in the middle.
For one thing, normality is subjective-for another, I'm assuming that your use of the word nuts=crazy.
I believe that using terms like these further stigmatizes mental illness, and is damaging for people that actually struggle with mental illness.
There are ways to get your point across, there are better ways to make your point, than calling people crazy.
I, like you, and like most people, if not everyone, believe what I believe because I believe that I'm right; people that are against abortion are no different.
They aren't nuts or crazy, they are products of the way they were raised, and their circumstances.
Debates are never won through name calling.
It only undermines your argument, and makes you look like you lack the intellectual chops to attack the argument and not the person.
That's the point.
Its not a hypothetical person.
Its a real person.
THAT very much depends on your definition of what a person is.
And since we're talking about how people process grief, everyone needs to determine their own definition.
Not that it's really relevant to abortion, because bodily autonomy trumps everything else, but it matters for your processing of grief, definitely.
I'm completely in favor of choice.
Choose not to get pregnant if you're not ready for a child.
Why is 'choice' exalted as the greatest good?
The goodness of 'choice' always has to be contextualized before its goodness or badness can be determined.
The fact you all miss this demonstrates your blindness.
All choice is restricted at some point.
That's what laws do.
Pro-lifers do not have a motive of restricting women's rights for its own sake.
We simply think the value of an innocent human life, in or out of the womb is utterly and completely priceless and supersedes any other consideration or right.
This is why we also don't condone a woman or man for that matter killing a newborn who is almost as dependent on the mother as a fetus is.
If you want want to criticize us, criticize us accurately, on the point of placing such a high value on the life of a child, and not be dishonest and act as if we want to diminish the rights of a mother as if that is what drives us.
I believe that's the crux of our difference; what trumps what.
You say bodily autonomy trumps everything and I understand and appreciate that sentiment even if I strongly disagree with it.
I say innocent human life trumps everything, even bodily autonomy.
And I sincerely believe I would not feel one iota differently about it if somehow it was men who got pregnant.
There are plenty of women who feel the same way about it.
I dont hate you, I think you're someone worthy of my love and respect.
Oh man I'm getting all giddy being able to bust this out after 4 years: cool story bro.
I can tell you why I think that.
I know that you and all people are created in Gods image.
I know that God loves us and He proved that by sending His Son to die for us even while we were still sinners.
So you are worthy of my love and respect.
If you want to see how Christians treat those who even persecute and torture them get this free book called Tortured for Christ:


 https://etools.ncol.com/a/tfc/bg_vomtfc_cbd-tfc50-email_309.html.
Brb I'm going to get an abortion.
A mental abortion so I can unsee your posts.

&gt; I say innocent human life trumps everything, even bodily autonomy.
I'd love to hear the moral argument behind that, because I'm pretty sure you haven't thought this true.
Does "innocent human life" (by which I assume you mean babies?)
also trump "non-innocent human life"?
Does  "non-innocent human life" trump bodily autonomy?
Have you considered the consequences of your sorting, or even the fact that you're assigning one life more value than another?
I'm reasonably sure you can't construct a working moral and ethical framework unless you start with bodily autonomy on top.
But I'm open to being convinced.
Poo, well I thought about it and I guess you're right about that.
I think what I was trying to say was that it's a weird concept to call this guy a bad person for disagreeing with her, and sticking to that makes him a bad guy.
If he sees it as a person at this point, then that's a huge bummer and I can see how he'd have a hard time staying with her and that's HIS choice... just as morally correct as her choice to abort it given the same premise.
I'll leave my post up though, I'm embarrassed by it the next day but I genuinely think I got something out of it :)
I don’t really see him as bad, per se.
but he’s definitely acting shitty about the whole thing, and it’s definitely shitty to value a newly formed fetus over your long-term partner.
I would love to.
I love such discussions.
I've actually thought a great deal about it, rightly or wrongly.
I appreciate your openness to discuss the matter.
It might get a bit wordy and I'm in a bit of a time crunch at the moment.
I intend to respond in detail this evening.
So it's better to call them a name like anti-choice, A name that completely disregards their geniun believes?
You are literally doing the same exact thing... Also calling someone crazy isn't the same as calling someone schizo or bipolar ect.
"crazy" has pretty loose meaning these days and I don't think it stigmatizes mental illness.
That's some tumblr level bs right there.
BTW This is coming from someone who is close and has a lot of respect for the neuro/psych field.
You are probably right though that calling pro-lifers names isn't going to help.
I'll agree with you there.
In practice I definitely have a more respectful approach.
Crazy has a pretty loose meaning these days?
So what does it mean to you when someone calls you crazy?
It could mean a just took a huge beerbong, I'm told my boss off in a brave manner, I'm driving erratically.
Maybe you could use it to describe someone who expresses an eccentric, unique, or out of the ordinary point of view.
Situations themselves can be crazy.
Like being in a mosh pit, witnessing a flash mob ect.
It has loose meaning.
I'm not referring to situations here.
I asked what is your interpretation when somebody calls you crazy.
Look at the context.
The person I was replying to said that pro-lifers are crazy (nuts).
If you say "I have x standpoint" and I reply "you're nuts/crazy" what your interpretation of crazy in this instance?
I concede that pro life is an oversimplification of the stance, using pro life instead of anti choice because it sounds better than that.
A more accurate term for pro life could be anti-murdering-babies (since we need to make the assumption that the fetus in question counts as a human baby as we are speaking from the perspective of a pro life stance).
Again this is not chosen due to "anti" having a negative connotation.
That was the point I was trying to make in my response.
For pro choice, I see two interpretations.
One is a person who is for the choice of women to abort a baby if they choose.
I think I would agree that this stance is not really "anti" something.
Still mulling it over though.
The second interpretation is a person who makes the choice to abort.
This is clearly an anti life (of the baby) decision.
Good lord I already agreed that an approach that aggressive would be counter productive.
If you replied with "you're crazy/nuts" I would probably fire back with something similar.
Your approach is also counter productive.
You're going to get the same result.
As I said before, this whole "my body, my choice" argument doesn't hold any water.
It's a waste of time.
I hope in practice you give pro-lifers the same courtesy as I do.
It's never an easy conversation.
It's incredibly frustrating.
[deleted]
How does it not hold any water?
Whether it holds water or not, the fact remains that denying a woman a right to an abortion, is denying her the right to choose what to do with her own body.
Don't believe in abortion?
Then don't get one.
I can't for the life of me understand why people feel the need to impose their values and beliefs on everyone else.
Also, "good lord," you were the one that said "crazy" has a loose meaning, when it was pretty clear from the context what exactly it meant.
Thanks!
I have a great like now, so it all works out.
The fact also remains that you are executing a living thing and while it is inside your body it's still a living entity.
It's murky territory because everyone has a different believe on when that being is considered human.
I already admitted that calling them crazy is a bad tactic hence the "good lord."
you just want to argue.
[removed]
My goal isn't "just to argue."
I feel very strongly about this topic, as a lot of people do.
You made a statement about what I said about using the word crazy and mental illness, you replied saying that it was "bs" and some "tumblr shit," and what you said about crazy being a "loose term."
I tried to refute what you said, and it seemed like rather than actually answering my questions directly, you shied away and beat around the bush.
Maybe I'm just not understanding what you're trying to say and the point you're trying to make.
My goal isn't just to debate, my hope is that a common ground can be found, and that maybe through conversation, if nothing else, we can come to understand each other better.
If your confused then maybe read over my posts again.
I answered your question and my answer wasnt what you were expecting.
nope.
i know someone close to me who was in a terrible position, and still feels very sad over losing her child.
[removed]
For me the difference is that for late term “just because” abortions to take place, a woman and a medical specialist doctor both have to agree that it’s a good idea.
That is going to turn that tiny percentage of a percentage into almost nothing, unless they find a horror show doctor who would do it, laws or no laws.
What I don’t agree with is anything that makes it more difficult for women who medically need late term abortions and are likely already suffering unimaginable emotional pain.
Those women are going to be exponentially more common than just for fun late term abortions but governmental machinations are rarely nuanced enough to spare them.
But your bolded part at the end there?
Absofuckinglutely.
what?
Plenty of pregnant people carry on with their studies.
use of her body?
The use of her body has already started.
It's ongoing at that point.
We are not talking about renting her womb here.
She had already consented to sex that led to a pregnancy.
She becoming pregnant and her womb being used was her own doing.
The only thing the father might ask of her, is to not kill his offspring just so that she can avoid an inconvenience.
There is negligible risk to carrying a child to term in a modern country with modern medicine.
Maybe you are the one that don't know enough.
&amp;#x200B;
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahaahahaha

&amp;#x200B;

So your argument is that men shouldn't have to pay child support either then.
Or is it okay for them to get hit with something so crippling?
[Do some research, please](https://www.npr.org/2017/05/12/528098789/u-s-has-the-worst-rate-of-maternal-deaths-in-the-developed-world)
Honestly no.
First off you are taking books for literal evidence for things happening that clearly those involved can't even remember at all.
All the people who were with super dude Jesus wrote different stuff of the same events they were supposed to have been ALL witnessed firsthand.
You know how police would treat different statements like that?
They would know that literally everyone is lying and making things up and they would be trying to find out the real truth.
So how come we people today are smart enough to know that people who can't even recollect the same event simply lie and make things up but some of us just can't accept that just lies written down on super old paper doesn't make it more legit or the truth.
So much for great Jesus who probably was just a random dude his friends desperately promoted to be the son of god because they can because people are stupid.
Also god is a petty and self-centered maniac if you actually believe the bible.
Remember how he asked someone to murder a loved one to test his faith in god?
If someone in real life did this he would be in prison for conspiring to have a person killed.
And there are lot more stories of this super loving god all being psycho in the bible.
But also the standard of good your god, Jesus and this whole religion is promoting is that whatever shit you do all will be forgiven if you just pray it away.
That's why priests rape little children ever since the founding of the church.
That's why everyone in the whole church was for centures corrupt and just after their own wealth and desires.
If the church is so all good now, why did your god let the people who claimed to act in god's will, all the priests, the bishops, the pops, just rob people of their money, indulge in every sin possible and hurt the people believing in them for centuries?
Even now noone working for the church is being elected by super holy god.
They are elected by humans.
They are voted.
There is nothing holy or godly about them.
God never chose them.
So how can they spread the messages of god when god never asked them to?
When god didn't choose them but some old men who were chosen by other old men?
This is just a whole religion run by humans lying about talking to god when not even the most important decision, the election of the pope is done by god.
You could argue that god chose those who vote for the pope but then why would god chose those who vote and not the pope itself?
It's just a big contradiction.
Why would he randomly decide to interact with earth but most of the time act like earth and humans mean nothing to him?
Also why didn't he tell his awesome son Jesus or anyone other about the universe?
About other planets?
Even about life outside of earth we didn't even find yet?
Because he's petty and didn't feel like it?
Or more likely because he is just made up by people who didn't know of any of this back in the day they lived so they couldn't incorporate this in their big liar story?
But you know what the worst about your super awesome religion is?
That you people are actually the worst people on this planet.
And wanna know why?
Because every little kindness you show is not based on you guys being kind people but you believing that your god wants you to act this way.
And every bad thing you do you simple brush off because you know you can pray it away and not go to hell for being a bad person.
It's like you live with a free card to do everything you want and honestly most people really act that way.
I live in a religious country, I had an religious upbringing so I really know what I'm talking about and the christian kids and adults have always been the worst of people.
Every thing that you are not supposed to do by their holy bible the literally do every single day.
They can't be decent people because they don't think they have to own up to their shit because they'll just pray their shit away.
That's how religious people live.
And that's why the less religious or even atheists are way better and kinder human beings.
Because we know that being a good person is not about going to hell or heaven but about treating other people like you want to be treated.
With kindness.
Easy as that.
You don't need a religion to teach you how to be a decent human being and if you do you are probably just a really bad person and just can't accept it.
And yes for me you are a bad person because you are super self-centered and make the problem of another person all about your obsession with religion.
You are not even trying to help at all.
This isn't kind.
You aren't kind.
So instead of obsessing further in your faith I would recommend you buy a non-religious book about kindness and how to be kind and learn how to be an actual helpful and kind human being.
This is not true.
50-75% of miscarriages occur in the first days after implantation.
Most women don't ever know they were pregnant, they just think their period came a few days late.
http://americanpregnancy.org/pregnancy-complications/miscarriage/

10-25% of all pregnancies end in miscarriage.
Those numbers are far to high to generalize and say that the vast majority of of miscarriages are wanted.
If God didn't intervene in the thousands of child rapes in his own home carried out by his own priests, I very much doubt the life of this woman is anywhere near the top of his priority list, no matter if she gets married or not.
That’s not what I was getting at at all but okay.
I think the "spiritual" level needs to be completely left out of this, since it's completely arbitrary and unless you can prove the existence of souls or God, is just making up narrative to support your point (of course God is on MY side).
Let's take it point by point.
&gt;Identical twins DNA   

So it's enough to say that once the DNA is different to the mother's, then it is a separate entity and not a part of her.
Yet if the DNA is the same, as in the case of the twins, they are not parts of each other and still separate beings?
You can't have it both ways, clearly something is wrong with this argument.
Is occupying physical space another requirement for life?
But both the mother and fetus occupy individual space.
A hollow sphere and a ball still occupy independent space regardless if one is inside the other or not.
There are also some rare case of one twin 'absorbing' the other in utero and ending up with foreign DNA in parts of their body (chimerism), if that is a reproductive organ, biologically their children won't be theirs.
Does that mean that the part of their body with a different DNA is a separate entity also?
Saying DNA somehow proves the value of one hypothetical baby over another just leaves too many logical inconsistencies.
Clearly a better identifier for personhood is needed, or anyone with chemerism needs to run out and get two passports stat, while all fraternal twins only share one.
Sorry guys.
&gt;  I didn't know a living organism having solely human DNA would make them human is controversial   

It is not.
No one argues that a fetus is inhuman then somehow changes species.
The argument is that it's a "potential" future human being, but does not have the rights of a born, independently "non biologically dependant on a host" actual human.
Same as me having full biological and physical potential to become president doesn't give me the rights of one.
Even if it was granted those rights, no one can force another human to give up blood or any bodily organ for their survival against their will.
I'm not a murderer for letting people die because I didn't donate blood.
Someone is certainly not a murderer for not donating their entire body to something without a name or any other myriad of things we use to establish personhood vs potentialhood.
&gt;Body part argument  

So does that also mean a fetus is a clump of cells without individual rights until all those body parts are fully developed?
Personally this makes sense in a way, once it is able to survive outside the womb it has acquired all necessary characteristics of being a fully developed person with all those organs needed for survival.
Until then it is an organ of the woman's body incapable of sustaining itself on its own, much like the heart.
&gt;Abortion Vs murder  

I am curious Would you give the same punishment to someone who disfigured and injured their fetus (through consumption of damaging chemicals) as you would someone that did that to a baby?
Because for some reason most countries that ban abortion consider that perfectly legal.
Personally, even though I am fully for decriminalising abortion until a fetus is able to survive, I would make that an equal offense, as it is done to someone that now has to suffer their real life through it.
A real person is carrying real consequences.
That is not right.
But somehow, pro life people have no issue with this despite seeing the fetus as equal to a baby.
&gt;I think it was a prochoice person that pointed out to me once that God instituted a fine as a punishment for causing a miscarriage to another's wife  

AFAIK that story is correct, but I'm not sure why base any decisions on what the Bible says when you are not seem familiar with it.
I missed your edit when I replied.
The easiest to me is that I define it as once the fetus is no longer reliant on the woman's body to survive, at approximately 21 weeks.
Because otherwise you get into the completely messy area of assigning the right to violate bodily autonomy for your own  survival - and absolutely no living human being has that right.
It's illegal to even harvest blood and consent can be withdrawn any time even after initially agreeing.
It's completely inconsistent to give that right to a fetus but let thousands of people die from lack of organ transplants because we cannot harvest even from dead bodies due to bodily autonomy laws.
Corpses should not legally have more autonomy rights than women capable of getting pregnant.
Once it is capable of surviving on its own it is no longer a part of the woman's body and can be maintained by other means, making it a totally separate entity biologically.
That makes sense.
Not giving a nameless, genderless up until a certain point, biologically incapable of sustaining itself being rights to not only use another person's body for their own survival, but to also cause grevious and long term harm in the process.
That's completely inconsistent with the rights of other human beings not at war.
I'm not offended by what you said here, HeroPrincess.
I'll address some of your points..

You mentioned you had a religious background.
Was it a Christian denomination?
What did it involve growing up?
You brought up supposed contradictions in the bible.
First, I would say that the 4 gospels are entirely in harmony with each other.
Two of them were written by eye witnesses, John and Matthew.
One was written by a historian, Luke, who interviewed the eye witnesses.
One was written by Mark, who was Peters disciple.
So you have eye witnesses accounts of what Jesus said and did, either directly, or from someone who spoke to the eye witnesses.
I am wondering if you've ever read the bible?
Was there anything from the bible that you enjoyed reading, if so?
You've brought up a lot about the hypocrisy in the Catholic church.
Have you ever heard of the reformation?
That's what it was all about.
A man named Martin Luther made many of the same points you did and because of that, Christianity broke free from the tyranny of the Catholic church and bibles were printed in the languages of the common people.
I am not surprised about the corruption of the catholic church because they teach and do many things contrary to what Jesus taught us to do.
Therefore they do not represent Christ as a church because they are basically apostate from biblical Christianity.
You said you think that atheists and non-believers are better people because they are sincerely kind rather than Christians who only are kind to please God.
That's an atheist talking point, to be sure, but it hasn't translated into much action, has it?
In Christianity, love is an action word.
It isnt just something you say;  it's something you do.
You couldn't calculate the amount of good Christians have done in the world, like building schools, hospitals, helping and training the poor, increasingly literacy, etc.
I don't see many atheists doing anything like that.
Christians are way more generous than secular people, giving even to secular charities at a higher rate.
They're also better tippers, averaging 20 percent.
James put it this way:

James 2:14-17

14 What does it profit, my brethren, if someone says he has faith but does not have works?
Can faith save him?
15 If a brother or sister is naked and destitute of daily food, 16 and one of you says to them, “Depart in peace, be warmed and filled,” but you do not give them the things which are needed for the body, what does it profit?
17 Thus also faith by itself, if it does not have works, is dead.
You prove your love by what you do, not by what you say.
So while you may claim that all Christians are just hypocrites with impure motives, I would say there is quite a bit of evidence that isn't true.
Speaking for myself, when you know God and are loved by Him, it totally changes you.
It's not that I do loving things for others because God wants me to, but because God has changed my heart and given me sincere love for them.
I want to help others because I care about them, not because I am getting something out of it.
I see many of my Christian brothers and sisters sincerely laboring for people, helping them when no one is looking, praying for them when they are sick, comforting them when they are hurting.
Christianity isn't a free pass for sinning, either.
There are many warnings in scripture which say that if you live in sin, you will be cut off.
God gives us grace but not that we can take advantage of it and live however we want.
There are plenty of cultural Christians who don't know the Lord and put a stamp of Christianity on everything they do, but they haven't been changed.
This is because they aren't saved.
Let me ask you a question.
Do you think you're a good person?
If so, why?
When did I ever claim all of the US has access to modern medicine.
[removed]
The child comes first and if you know for a fact you cannot provide for the child it’s better to choose to avoid its suffering and wait til a later date to have a child.
And if your boyfriend is so keen on not even discussing the situation then take him out of the equation or take the time to understand how he feels.
Knowing you are going to be a father can have a huge impact on your way of thinking and emotions.
Edit: grammar.
“Suffering” = Living on a tight budget or low income...or adoption 

Not “Suffering” = Not having a chance at life.
Yes, suffering is living in poverty or with out a loving family.
If you're not alive you're not suffering.
Poverty in America is better than the quality of life and living conditions in majority of countries around the world.
Theres no guarantees they will live in poverty or without a loving family, and if that did happen, itd not a guarantee of suffering.
Death is guaranteed  though.
So that's the mark we're going by?
Poverty here is better than a third world country?
Funny, the UN found that places in the South were just as bad as a third world country.
I grew up in poverty, it's terrible and you have no idea what the hell you're talking about.
Being dead is better than being poor here, people already treat you like you are anyways.
Being dead is better than being poor in america?
LOOOOOL

FREE education.
FREE housing.
FREE food.
Welfare.
Etc.
I can tell you've never been poor.
I can tell you’ve never been DEAD

You know why?
Because dead is hopeless.
No coming back from that


You can be poor and become rich.
You can be poor and be happy.
You can be poor and LIVE.
I have been poor, and I’m not wealthy now.
But i’m thankful for my life, which life is the most valuable thing in the world!
!
Are you aware of probability and statistics?
Because I'd rather be dead and I know a fuck ton more feel this way too.
I'm glad you lived a privileged life but not all of us have that ability.
If you would rather be dead, I’m sure you can make that happen.
Kind of a stupid thing to say, you have the choice...but through all of your pain, anguish and suffering you wake up every day and push forward through life so you can come on the Internet and argue with people    You have shown how valuable life is, by continuing to keep living even though you are miserable.
So as horrible as poverty, or adoption might be, it would be nice to give that human life a choice to push forward or not, and not make that decision for that human.
You know nothing about me.
So i would like you to explain my privileges i have had.
You have no idea about my current struggles or past.
My child has given me more happiness, perspective and appreciation for life than anything else, i like to share that positivity and hope others can find that in the creation of life.
If you really don’t want to live, and would rather be dead...and you weren’t just saying that to stick to your argument.
Then just stop arguing with me and every different opinion on the internet, go do something that makes you happy, not upset.
I personally believe that you would not be able to have the opinions you do if you've lived through poverty.
Yes, not birthing people is better than forcing them into a life where they are so pained they want to die
 I know I'm very very far from the deviation.
Your comment was pointless.
What I said was to avoid the suffering and wait til she’s in a better situation to have a child if she feels that’s the best choice.
Adoption costs money.
More than abortion does most times.
Stop being snowflakes about everything too.
People like you always assuming the worst of everything is why I’m pro choice.
Being suicidal and depressed is more complicated as you think.
Your preaching about “Wahh if you live a poor life you can make it better” people have reasons other than “pushing forward” for not committing suicide.
Like being there for people they care about.
Stop acting like you know everything.
I’d rather be dead but I’m not going to kill myself because that’s cowardice in my view.
If I die it will be from being murdered, an accident, or natural causes because I stay alive for those who actually do want to stay alive.
If I cared for no one I’d end it.
I’ll say this again.
You don’t know what people go through.
Also.
Poverty in the us is worse than death.
Poverty is the 6 ft hole without the dirt on top.
Live in the hood or on the streets.
Where that free education and shit doesn’t matter.
Where you live in fear every moment of your life.
Stop talking about life and death like you have all the answers.
[removed]
Again you can’t sit here and say death is preferred to life, while choosing life every single day.
Hypocrite.
Especially while arguing a dead person is better than a poor person.
I never said getting out of poverty was easy, but it can be done.
A person in poverty can find happiness, a dead person can’t.
You seem very self-absorbed as if the world is centered on you and your misery    

I have lived in the hood and lived in my car.
Again.
You don’t know me.
I would think turning to destruction of the fetus would be assuming the worst of everything, and being optimistic the child could end up with a happy life wouldn’t be considered assuming the worst.
Who cares about money.
Giving up a child for adoption is free when you have no money.
A life is worth more than some monetary amount.
[deleted]
No one asked for you to spew your beliefs on them.
The op is pro abortion and she’s looking for encouragement and support from others like her.
Yes life is precious and shit.
But it’s not a life if it doesn’t even have a fully developed brain yet.
People like you is why I’m pro choice.
Because hopefully we get less of you and more people who thing logically instead of all this bs about how sacred life is and shit.
[removed]
[removed]
No one asked for you to spew your beliefs on them.
I shouldn’t be the reason you believe what you believe.
But at least you admit you don’t think rationally and your beliefs are rooted in some sort of negative bitter vengeance and not compassion, also their is a bit of genocide involved too

Scientists say life starts at Fertilization by the way

Also handicapped children without fully developed brains are born all the time, are they not lives?
You just got destroyed.

Summary: 
I am not ready to be a mother.
I understand, more than most, this situation.
I try not to judge.
I have absolutely no regrets.
That's what it was all about.
I can tell you why I think that.
I have to respectfully disagree.
I have a great like now, so it all works out.
Like being there for people they care about.
I didn't choose to exist.
That’s not what I was getting at at all but okay.
I had a pretty good childhood.
I don't give a shit what you call me.
That was the point I was trying to make in my response.
I think you're the one missing the point.
I have been poor, and I’m not wealthy now.
I don't have stats but do you really need any?
I know that you and all people are created in Gods image.
I don't know you, but I already hate you.
Its not a hypothetical person.
It has nothing to do with that.
That's how religious people live.
I am having to be strong for the both of us and I am upset too.
I missed your edit when I replied.
And yes, I know someone who tried that.
I thought this was an important distinction.
You also assume that I want abortion to be illegal.
I can tell you've never been poor.
I know being born wasn't my fault.
You can be against abortion, that's fine!
People like you is why I’m pro choice.
Do what you want because fuck guys am I right?
You're attacking a point that I never made.
You don’t know what people go through.
I even offered to leave and raise it on my own.
You know nothing about me.
Most of the black women I know are pro-life.
I knew something was off and just knew I was pregnant.
you just want to argue.
One is a person who is for the choice of women to abort a baby if they choose.
I instantly just knew I wanted to terminate.
That's your whole point right?
I think pro and anti choice makes it clear.
I feel very strongly about this topic, as a lot of people do.
I believe that's the crux of our difference; what trumps what.
If I cared for no one I’d end it.
It boils down to when you think life starts.
But honestly I sometimes regret it for her.
I never really understood when people said they just knew.
Even if you can, what does it have to do with anything?
I intend to respond in detail this evening.
I shouldn’t be the reason you believe what you believe.
It's ongoing at that point.
I was adopted at 3 days old.
Being for babies getting born, but having people make that choice for their own.
More than abortion does most times.
Does "innocent human life" (by which I assume you mean babies?)
If I crippled a real life baby like that, I would be locked up.
A mental abortion so I can unsee your posts.
I can tell you’ve never been DEAD

You know why?
You can be poor and LIVE.
It sounds like you simply are pro life.
It's one of the reasons I still consider him a friend.
When I finally figured out I was pregnant.
I do actually think governmental regulation has a place.
I'm very against this position until I find myself in said position.
I wish you great love and peace.
I don't see many atheists doing anything like that.
I always stand by women and their right to choose what to do with their own bodies.
Brb I'm going to get an abortion.
Anti-lifers would be for mandatory abortions.
I'm in Texas right now.
It would be like them assuming that your only reason for having an abortion is because you hate baby's.
I thought for a moment you might be my daughter.
That's what it's all about... control.
I agree with the “wanted” part of their statement.
I think I would agree that this stance is not really "anti" something.
You are not even trying to help at all.
I want to help others because I care about them, not because I am getting something out of it.
In fact most of the pro-life women I know are black.
I disagree with their position, that doesn't mean I think they are crazy.
I hope in practice you give pro-lifers the same courtesy as I do.
Oh, I didn't finish my sentence.
also trump "non-innocent human life"?
Pro having people carry to term once pregnant.
I never said getting out of poverty was easy, but it can be done.
Still would have majorly fucked up her life.
That's the situation and you and most of the people here are cheering her on to destroy a human life.
He says he doesn’t think our relationship will make it through this if I follow through.
I appreciate your openness to discuss the matter.
I like to point out that if my mom never had an abortion, she'd never have had me either.
So gross that people actually think this way.
But how each person feels about it is going to be different.
Poo, well I thought about it and I guess you're right about that.
It's just semantics to try to sway people.
You prove your love by what you do, not by what you say.
You want to make abortions after 20 weeks illegal?
The second interpretation is a person who makes the choice to abort.
&amp;#x200B;

And even that's different.
The person I was replying to said that pro-lifers are crazy (nuts).
And I will give the perspective of a child that was not born on their mother's terms.
Do you think you're a good person?
It's a waste of time.
That makes no sense in my mind.
I asked what is your interpretation when somebody calls you crazy.
.I was in a miserably unhappy marriage in my 20s.
The abortion i made was very easy.
I personally believe that you would not be able to have the opinions you do if you've lived through poverty.
For pro choice, I see two interpretations.
When I found out I was pregnant, my husband said "are you leaving our are you having an abortion".
Certainly not enough to be making decisions for other people's bodies...
Aside from that, I think what others are saying sounds plausible.
Maybe you are the one that don't know enough.
It isnt just something you say;  it's something you do.
There are two people involved in making this decision.
I thought you were replying to this comment:
  
  
It boils down to when you think life starts.
But it may mean my relationship is over when I need my partner most..
Then don't get a goddamn abortion.
I say innocent human life trumps everything, even bodily autonomy.
But I wish that my mom could have lived the life she wanted and not the life she was forced to.
This is clearly an anti life (of the baby) decision.
It's not our place to tell other people how to feel about the unborn.
It's not "because fuck guys" but "because it's *women* that are pregnant."
Doesn't matter if you agree with abortion.
So i would like you to explain my privileges i have had.
People get killed every single day.
When I looked at that test, I never thought of the possibilities.
It's never an easy conversation.
I dont hate you, I think you're someone worthy of my love and respect.
By the time I found out, I hated the person who got me pregnant.
She has told me she never regrets the abortion.
It's not really that hard to understand.
But that's not what the word means.
I'm pro choice I believe woman should be able to have an abortion if you are not ready to have a child you are not ready.
You say 'he is trying to force you into what he wants by giving you an ultimatum'.
Stop talking about life and death like you have all the answers.
It would be best for both your relationship and the child if you decide to have it.
Much like a fetus is a theoretical hypothetical person.
Stop acting like you know everything.
Doesn't make it any less or more "hypothetical" which it the point.
I don’t think this is true or based on anything other than speculation.
That you people are actually the worst people on this planet.
Choose not to get pregnant if you're not ready for a child.
So that's the mark we're going by?
Yes life is precious and shit.
They only care about one thing and that's money.
I am wondering if you've ever read the bible?
