Original Response: 
There are a lot of claims going around about the cause of the abuse scandal but this figure stands out to me.
Boys were abused at a much higher rate in all age groups compared to girls.
Moreover the priests with a single charge against them (the vast majority of the accused priests) had a more evenly distributed gender ratio.
Meanwhile what serial abusers (10+ charges) there were had principally boy victims.
No wrong or right answers - I just want the views of you all on this.
If I had a guess, it would be accessibility/opportunity/parental complacency.
Alter boys spent more special access/time around the sanctuary than other students back when serving was strictly boys only.
They showed up early for mass, and help cleanup afterwards.
They needed to be around for weddings and other special events.
Some postulate that many priests went into ministry because they were born gay, and celibacy through ministry was the honorable route to deal with the tendencies.
I think it was remarked that Ireland has a much higher population of females abused by priests because they had much higher access to girls and vulnerable women.
Because of the Magdalene Laundries and the fact that all the schools in Ireland used to be church run.
&gt; 
&gt; 
&gt; Some postulate that many priests went into ministry because they were born gay, and celibacy through ministry was the honorable route to deal with the tendencies.
Being gay doesn't mean you're interested in little boys.
I'm straight and I have no interest in little girls because I'm not a pedophile.
Homosexuality =/= pedophilia and I hate this narrative.
More likely, pedophiles saw it as easy access to impressionable children.
&gt; Some postulate that many priests went into ministry because they were born gay, and celibacy through ministry was the honorable route to deal with the tendencies.
You were doing so well up until this point...
FWIW, some people bring that up because there are very real issues of abuse in Catholic seminaries where seminarians are roped into having sex with older priests.
Not sure if there's any real perpetrator overlap between child and seminarian abuse, but they're two issues of sexual misconduct in the Catholic Church.
It's true, but if you look at gender ratio among abuse victims of a particular population, you'd expect that to change with the fraction of the population that is naturally attracted to each gender.
Basically, I don't expect gay men to be more likely to abuse children than straight men are, but I expect gay men to be more likely to abuse boys than straight men are, and I expect straight men to be more likely to abuse girls than gay men are.
That being said, that point in this context is pretty difficult to make in a way that isn't harmful, since the "gay people are more likely to abuse children" narrative is so prevalent.
&gt; Being gay doesn't mean you're interested in little boys.
I'm straight and I have no interest in little girls because I'm not a pedophile.
Of course it doesn’t.
But that’s part of the opportunity of it all.
If you spent all your days exclusively with younger girls for years and years with no healthy outlet or future escape, I’d posit it would be easier to screw up for you than if you spent all that time with just boys.
The celibacy and “high position” probably does just as much to breed pedophilia than attract pedophilia.
Well, it’s a discussion.
So I’d like to hear any objections you have and consider them.
Gay people are more likely to abuse people of the same sex, while straight people are more likely to abuse people of the opposite sex.
That said, if you're desperate and depraved enough to sexually abuse someone, you probably aren't going to be too picky either way.
I don't think it has anything to do with being gay.
The abusers were priests and they're alone more with boys, due to them being altar boys, especially in the era we're talking about.
They were who the abusers had access to, so the victims are primarily boys.
[removed]
The fact that there is no evidence that voluntary celibacy leads to the raping of children.
The evidence does suggest that voluntary celibacy occasionally leads to sex.
What we can’t determine is whether sex with minors is proportionate to sexual deviancy outside of celibacy—mainly since breaking that vow with consenting adults would go largely unreported.
&gt;Homosexuality =/= pedophilia and I hate this narrative.
Great job on making this distinction clear.
&gt;More likely, pedophiles saw it as easy access to impressionable children.
Seems a little far-fetched buddy.
They are bad people but to say they left their old life behind, they went to the seminary to study for years to get a Master's degree with little to no pay just to have "easy access to impressionable children" is a stretch.
Why not just be a teacher?
No, these priests were passionate about their faith and wanted to make a change but they should have realized that their urges should have stopped them from ever stepping foot in the seminary.
&gt; We we can’t determine is whether sex with minors is proportionate to sexual deviancy outside of celibacy—mainly since breaking that vow with consenting adults would go largely unreported.
Which would lead one to believe that if it was just sex people were looking for they'd go with the option that:

1.
Goes largely unreported.
and
2.
Isn't rape.
Yes, but if you are gay (and a man, hence priest) the chances of you being attracted to little boys is way higher than little girls.
No one is saying gay people are pedophiles.
Do some not postulate that?
The John Jay reports found that gay priests were *less* likely to abuse children than straight priests.
In fact, the category of priests most likely to abuse children were priests who *weren't sure* whether they were gay, straight, or something else.
Which is to say, priests confident in their sexuality were the *least* likely to commit abuse.
&gt;I'm straight and I have no interest in little girls because I'm not a pedophile.
Right but if you were you would go after girls and not boys.
Pedophilia is not a sexual orientation.
People also postulate that there are lizard people running the country.
It doesn't do any good to spew that garbage and feign like it merits consideration or they are "just asking questions"
&gt; Seems a little far-fetched buddy.
They are bad people but to say they left their old life behind, they went to the seminary to study for years to get a Master's degree with little to no pay just to have "easy access to impressionable children" is a stretch.
Why not just be a teacher?
Meh, there is a history of pedophiles seeking out positions like we are discussing.
And as you go back further (were many of these abuses happened) people would question a 'bachelor' teacher, where they obviously wouldn't a priest.
Thank you!
This narrative is so toxic.
Not sure what you mean.
It's a paraphilic disorder that develops around puberty similar to orientation, but isn't considered as such due to its harmful nature.
If people wish to bring up option they should be free to.
This has strong notoriety and a basis for its claim as well, despite its criticisms, so it would be weird for it to not come up.
&gt; If people wish to bring up option they should be free to.
They obviously are free to.
Just as I'm free to point out that no amount of celibacy is going to make child rape an option.
&gt;This has strong notoriety 

For good reason

&gt;a basis for its claim as well

There is no basis for this claim.
If you count bigotry or blind assertions as a basis then I guess I'll agree.
But no, there is no basis for the claim whatsoever, at least for what was being implied.
Yes, some homosexuals went into ministries to hide their homosexuality.
No, not having sex doesn't magically make a strait or gay person a pedophile.
No, it's considered a paraphilic disorder as it is one as opposed to the homosexual orientation.
&gt;  Pedophilia is not a sexual orientation.
Well actually it basically *is* its own kind of sexual orientation.
Look at Jared Fogle for example.
He functions heterosexually in his relationship with his wife, but he sought out child victims of both genders.
Their age was what mattered more than their sex.
One way to think of it is to remember that ordinary, well adjusted gay and straight men are not only attracted to primary sexual characteristics, but also secondary ones.
All things being equal, a lot of straight men like enlarged breasts and other features created by, inter alia, higher levels of estrogen, a lot of gay men like body hair and enlarged stature and other features created by, inter alia, higher levels of testosterone.
Guess what features pedophiles are not attracted to?
Because pedophilia is an attraction to bodies that have necessarily not completed puberty, and therefore lack a lot of the secondary sex characteristics that gay and straight men find attractive.
The point is, the growing scientific concensus is that you're born a pedophile.
I'm honestly not sure what you're trying to say.
Definitely makes sense but do you have a source on that?
I find that extremely doubtful outside of Nambla partners.
But yes, fetishes are disordered.
the distinguishing feature that differentiates a little girl from a woman, is clear and obvious (breasts, hips).
is the distinction between a boy and a man really that different?
what makes a pre-pubescent boy different from a post-pubescent boy, such that someone could find one attractive, and another not?
it's not so clear how there is an objective distinction.
I'm trying to understand the line of logic here.
Is the argument that the majority of the abuse cases are because gay men are becoming priests and some of those men are also pedophiles, and the straight clerics aren't significantly contributing to the same-sex abuse numbers?
For that to be the case, wouldn't the majority of priests have to be homosexual?
That doesn't seem very likely.
Edit: This is very wrong, please disregard.
&gt;They obviously are free to.
What I am trying to tell you is that it merits at least consideration.
Ideology should not keep us from considering anything.
&gt;For good reason

Definitely.
A few popes and archbishops have made such claims.
&gt;There is no basis for this claim.
The basis is the sharp difference in the gender of the victim as opposed to the aggressor.
That should be plain as day.
However the soundness of that claim is discussed often.
That gets us into the criticisms I already referenced.
And I'm not sure why you're continuing on about celibacy.
I'm not contending your comment there at all.
Fetishes are disorders?
Wtf are you on about?
Someone with a foot fetish has a disorder now?
At any rate, you're going to have to take it up with the American Psychiatric Association.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedophilia#Development_and_sexual_orientation.
If you can't see the difference between a pre and post-pubescent male body I don't know what to tell you.
&gt; Being gay doesn't mean you're interested in little boys.
There is a world of difference between being "interested" in an 8 year old versus a 16 year old.
Nonetheless, sexual orientation does not go out the window when a person is a pedophile.
There are gay pedophiles and straight pedophiles.
With that line of logic, to get the numbers that have been reported, wouldn't you have to have a majority of the clergy being homosexual?
&gt; what makes a pre-pubescent boy different from a post-pubescent boy, such that someone could find one attractive, and another not?
Facial hair, size of testicles and penis, body hair, voice, size of body, development of muscles...

Now if you are talking about late stage adolescents (late teens to early twenties), sure, the differences between those guys and developed adult men are not as clear.
But there is a significant difference between pre-pubescent and post-pubescent boys.
&gt; Some postulate that many priests went into ministry because they were born gay, and celibacy through ministry was the honorable route to deal with the tendencies.
This was what I originally replied to.
I'm focusing on that because it equates gay celibacy with pedophilia.
1.
Until there is evidence to support that claim (hint, there isn't) there is no reason to that it merits consideration.
It is just a long line of bigotry pointed at homosexuals.
2.
And those popes and archbishops don't seem like the best source of information on this topic given their history of cover ups and deflection as well as that they know shit all about sexuality it appears.
The ONLY point I've brought up and harped on is the other posters claim regarding celibacy.
You trying to back door this conversation into something else doesn't matter.
I called out the original point and you appear to be defending it.
?
??
Do you know the words you're speaking about?
You called it a paraphilic disorder.
That is also called Sexual Fetishism, which is why it's distinct from sexual orientations.
I'm not sure why you're changing your tune now unless you don't know what those words originally meant or you're trolling me.
I'm especially confused by you by your APA link.
They aren't siding with your views.
They are siding with mine.
Not sure even read it.
To quote your link:

"They added, "In fact, APA considers pedophilic disorder a 'paraphilia,' not a 'sexual orientation.'"
So where are your views coming from?
All I am saying is that if you are a priest and gay, you will more easily be attracted to little boys than if you were a priest and straight.
I don't know the numbers, but this seems clear as day to me.
You have reading comprehension issues as I never said it was an orientation.
I said it was, and I quote:

&gt;It's a paraphilic disorder that develops around puberty *similar to orientation*, but isn't considered as such due to its harmful nature.
The point I'm making is, that it's a disorder that you're born with.
Sexual fetishes are not disorders.
There are disorders that are considered fetishes, but having a fetish doesn't automatically mean you have a disorder.
It depends entirely on what that fetish is.
&gt;I'm focusing on that because it equates gay celibacy with pedophilia

Or, the common view from those people, that gay pedophiles cause gay pedophilia.
Or the more terrible interpretation, that homosexuals are sexual perverse and will lead to that given the opportunity.
There is much to be concerned about but you're needlessly interpreting it one way.
For the rest, you seem strongly defensive and I simply wanted to open your mind to entertaining (without supporting) other views to which some manner of ideology hinders you from.
I don't mean to press a view as true nor fight you so this will be my last response to you.
Have a good day.
&gt; There is much to be concerned about but you're needlessly interpreting it one way.
Every way to interpret it is negative.
Hope you have a good day as well.
The accused priests account for 4 percent of the priesthood so there is no majority here.
But yes, that's the whole of the "it's a homosexual problem" claim.
No, it is a paraphilic disorder.
[removed]
Oof, that was a silly mistake for me to make.
Thanks for clarifying!
Starting to think "paraphilic disorder" is the extent of your vocabulary because you just keep saying it over and over again with no apparent comprehension of what it means as it relates to this discussion.
Gotcha, thanks for that info.
Guess with that in mind, it really is just an overarching issue of sexual misconduct; whether it be a priest unsure of their sexuality abusing minors or a homosexual priest abusing seminarians, it's all a problem.
Would you agree to that?
It's a *mankind* problem, where roles that allow access to victims attract would-be perpetrators.
Sure, I guess that works from a theological view.
Broadening it to _mankind_ problem makes it harder though to put measures in place or adopt actions that can reduce the issue at hand.
In most cases where there's an issue, the first step is to define it in a approachable manner rather than an being overly broad/nebulous.
If it is irreducible from being a _mankind_ problem, then there's really no coarse of action that can be taken outside of removing mankind itself.
Well I find that unnecessarily antagonistic and also wrongheaded but you do as you please.
I am not in any interest in fighting others, as your verbiage is obviously meant to.
Ah yes, the looming threat: the bisexual.
[deleted]
I wasn't sure what you were looking for in your previous comment.
If you are wondering about concrete steps for reducing abuse, the RCC sets a good example:

Not leaving children alone, mandatory background checks, training, professional examinations, glass/see-through doors and windows inside classrooms, fingerprinting, and anonymous (or not) hotlines and web forms for submitting complaints, and zero-tolerance policies (reported complaint = removed from ministry pending criminal investigation).
[removed]
Really that’s what you guys do?
Here in Aus they’re still trying to cover their backsides.
Open the confessional.
It’s disgusting that by law ANY minister of religion has to mandatorily report yet the RCC is saying if they find out in confession too bad.
The science on this is different.
For the predatory paedophile type the attraction to adults and the attraction to children are uncorrelated.
Gay is not more likely to be attracted to little boys - it doesn't work that way.
However, if we are talking post puberty then the two can get confused as the two attractions cross over.
Therefore to make sense of the stats, you would also need to be looking at the age of the victims as well.
And then we have the situational type - where access and the ability to get away with it comes to the fore.
Again, these are likely to end up abusing altarboys because they can.
The 81% of victims being boys is most likely to be attributable to the sexual discrimination in the catholic church and thus the bias in the people around.
The narrative is what we should be concerned about, right, rather than the kids who were raped?
Don't want any "toxic narrative" get in the way of political goals.
That's precisely what we're concerned about.
Rather than exploiting raped kids as an opportunity to demonize and scapegoat all gay people as pedophiles and avoid accountability for the institutional problems that cause pervasive coverups of sexual abuse, we would like the church to actually undertake meaningful reforms to protect them.
What the church needs is for laity like you to start caring more about raped kids than you do about hating queer people, because as long as you refuse to, you will continue to be appeased by seeing the people you hate framed, and the church will continue to get away with raping kids and covering it up.
Even the John Jay report agreed that homosexuality was not the issue, and as much as people with an agenda like to manipulate statistics, an adult man who prefers to rape little girls who are fourteen years or younger is not called "straight;" 80% of the victims were 14 or younger, the men who raped them can't be called "gay" either.
Pedophilia is entirely distinct from an adult sexual orientation, and abuse is often more about power and opportunity than sexual desire anyway.
If you want to stop the rape of children, a clerical culture of pervasive secrecy, shame, and extortion needs to be reformed.
Demonizing gay people is only exacerbating *all* of those problems.
The seal of confession is still honored in the US.
Nonetheless, the above policies work really well.
I agree they do we’ve implemented them and I think maybe more in The Salvos here in Aus as a result of the Royal Commision into child abuse (however I think we started most of it before hand just added more to it after rc)
While I agree with you, from the simple standpoint of "pre-puberty" to "sexually mature individual", that also confuses the fact that most of the victims began being victimized while, at oldest, a tween who would be early to mid puberty.
And there's a world of difference between a 12 year old and a 16 year old.
A grown adult who is into a sexually mature, but still not adult individual (16/17) has a morality problem.
(It's a large one I don't mean to minimize, FWIW.)
A grown adult into a pre or mid-puberty child has a deeper, much worse problem.
&gt; What I am trying to tell you is that it merits at least consideration.
Ideology should not keep us from considering anything.
Lack of evidence other than "well, some people think it" *should* keep us from considering.
Bring some reasoning or evidence, and it should be considered.
Until then, it is as valid a theory as "the lizard people commanded it."
What part of "the basis is the sharp difference in the gender of the victim as opposed to the aggressor" did you miss?
I'm now quite certain you created this post in bad faith.
You said it was to glean answers, and to foster discussion with no right or wrong perspectives.
Instead, you have repeatedly devalued the notion of *access* to one gender of victim, and ignored posts about the statistics of non-priest pedophiles general disregard of gender of the victim, and keep coming back to this one particular notion.
It seems you had a hope for how the thread would go, and instead it went a very different direction.
At this point, bringing up the the gender disparity of the victim as *evidence* of the reason for the disparity is, at best, begging the question.
I'll say it again: If the postulation that "that many priests went into ministry because they were born gay, and celibacy through ministry was the honorable route to deal with the tendencies" is to be considered, then you need to come up with evidence for that fact.
Given what is known about lack of gender preference of pedophiles, given known preferences of gay men for *adult* partners, and given the significant disparity in *access* to the genders of youngsters in the church to clergy, you need a much stronger claim than "well, most of them were boys."
If you can come up with a better claim, I will gladly listen to it.
But the claim you give is *easily* accounted for by other factors, all of which are well covered throughout this post's comments.
The second point is really, really interesting.
&gt;Instead, you have repeatedly devalued the notion of access to one gender of victim, and ignored posts about the statistics of non-priest pedophiles general disregard of gender of the victim, and keep coming back to this one particular notion.
Not at all.
It is in fact you acting in bad faith.
I have respected all answers here and not contended anything besides views favorable upon pedophilia's legitimacy.
I have not devalued, much less responded to anyone promoting the accessibility viewpoint.
In fact that is the general view come to by the John Jay Report to which I'm citing the original data from.
What I have seen and responded to is a small few claiming homosexuality leads to pedophilia and a large bulk seeming to be ideologically against the notion of homosexuality playing a part.
Note yourself for instance: I have not defended this point of view about homosexuality to you.
I have told you what those who are proponent to it support.
You are unable to see this, apparently, and think I'm pushing views on you for PURELY LETTING YOU KNOW WHAT THE VIEW IS AND ITS BASIS.
This is YOU acting in bad faith.
And YES there are criticisms to their claim and I TOLD YOU there were.
You can't seem to be able to treat an idea fairly because your ideology puts you on attack against it.
I don't wish to defend this notion to you AT ALL.
I just want you to know what the view is and what it is based in.
The John Jay Report says that the biggest demographic of abusers were those with no definitive view of their sexuality.
This is vague but worth more inspection to sort out greater details.
I am very pleased to see this.
These are great steps being made.

Summary: 
Pedophilia is not a sexual orientation.
Sexual fetishes are not disorders.
I don't think it has anything to do with being gay.
&gt;  Pedophilia is not a sexual orientation.
I am very pleased to see this.
No one is saying gay people are pedophiles.
There are gay pedophiles and straight pedophiles.
Homosexuality =/= pedophilia and I hate this narrative.
You were doing so well up until this point...
That doesn't seem very likely.
They were who the abusers had access to, so the victims are primarily boys.
Gay is not more likely to be attracted to little boys - it doesn't work that way.
I'm straight and I have no interest in little girls because I'm not a pedophile.
&gt;I'm straight and I have no interest in little girls because I'm not a pedophile.
Right but if you were you would go after girls and not boys.
I just want you to know what the view is and what it is based in.
Would you agree to that?
This was what I originally replied to.
Demonizing gay people is only exacerbating *all* of those problems.
The point I'm making is, that it's a disorder that you're born with.
Guess what features pedophiles are not attracted to?
The science on this is different.
I'm focusing on that because it equates gay celibacy with pedophilia.
&gt;Homosexuality =/= pedophilia and I hate this narrative.
Being gay doesn't mean you're interested in little boys.
&gt; Being gay doesn't mean you're interested in little boys.
No, it is a paraphilic disorder.
I have told you what those who are proponent to it support.
Sure, I guess that works from a theological view.
And I'm not sure why you're continuing on about celibacy.
is the distinction between a boy and a man really that different?
&gt;There is no basis for this claim.
You called it a paraphilic disorder.
If I had a guess, it would be accessibility/opportunity/parental complacency.
And YES there are criticisms to their claim and I TOLD YOU there were.
But yes, fetishes are disordered.
Not sure what you mean.
So where are your views coming from?
