Original Response: 
So much talk of Q and Q-related GA stuff, and I've never seen a single Q proof that couldn't be disproven in minutes.
Q believers, what is your best, irrefutable proof?
[deleted]
They'll say misinformation is necessary, which is Q's built in out for everything that fails.
That was never a claim.
If you are talking about the date he said Hillary would be arrested, that may or may not have happened.
We will find out soon enough.
But to say that it was stated she is under house arrest or anything like that is bs.
By house arrest I believe he meant ankle bracelets.
You gonna deny that?
[removed]
You got a source?
IIRC I believe Q said it was deliberate misinformation, as the baddies were also reading Q posts.
[deleted]
There are 365 days in the year.
The date he choose had a MAJOR MAJOR happening with the arrests of the Saudi Princes.
Go back and looks at the drops prior to that date.
The name listed first in most drops was SA.
&amp;#x200B;

Could be a coincidence but one thing is certain Q picked the EXACT day of MAJOR arrests.
Not gonna waste my time rereading through all that shit.
Definitely there from FBIanon days.
And ankle bracelets were never mentioned by q either.
Tho there was an interesting pic of White House press room with at least five or six reporters all sporting the same type of boot Clinton and McCain wore.
Have t been able to find it again tho.
May have been it.
Perhaps much of what I was reading were interpretations.
May have been something like pics of them wearing boots and then asking when was the last time they left the country.
I may have been wrong in stating what was specifically stated, but the breadcrumbs (imho) were dropped with the intention of leading people to a specific conclusion.
BTW, did you notice the new Q proof?
On April 24th I believe, in response to anon asking when we would see MOAB.
Q alludes to the Emmys and rolling out the red carpet.
Well, we all know what happened last night, FISA release!
So he made a huge list, he always does, and one person who was from a country he listed got arrested?
Do you understand why this isn’t convincing?
No one else on the promised list was arrested.
No one he named was arrested.
Someone from a country he named was arrested...and it wasn’t even on the exact day predicted.
Except it was referring to April 30, the daytime emmys.
Also, this is the problem with Q.
You ignore all the things he misses and latch on to whatever can be interpreted as a hit.
Never mind that nothing happened at the daytime emmys red carpet, never mind that fisa stuff wasn’t released last night, never mind that this same hype happened for the Nunes memo and nothing came of it and you all just gave Q a pass and believed a super double secret redacted version existed:
So how did you extract that it was referring to the daytime Emmys?
Seems you do the exact same thing only with the intention of disproving anything posted.
You are correct about the Nunes memo tho.
We will soon find out if the FISA lives up to the hype.
Because he posted about the red carpet on April 30 and the daytime emmys with red carpet were on April 30.
This isn’t rocket science.
Ummm...post was April 24th, not 30.
There was one on the 24th and another on the 30th, both mentioning the same thing.
Isn't it more likely a reference to the daytime emmys that were on the 30th?
No, because that doesn't fit your narrative.
yes, because you choose not to believe and assume it is all coincidental.
you ask questions but refuse to listen to the answers.
What about all the other people he said would be arrested?
Why do you count 1 hit and 20 misses as a success?
who said he was done ?
They were supposed to be arrested in November.
first, they never gave the exact date of whom would be arrested.
that was all assumed based off echo chamber chatter.
The dates he has called have been spot on.
So please turn down your turbo jets and go with the flow.
What date has he called that's been spot on?
Give one.
not someone..... 12 someones.
12 someones who are deeply involved and directly responsible for funding radical muslim groups to fight proxy wars.....
But ya just someone.

Summary: 
No one he named was arrested.
Also, this is the problem with Q.
What about all the other people he said would be arrested?
first, they never gave the exact date of whom would be arrested.
That was never a claim.
Q believers, what is your best, irrefutable proof?
So how did you extract that it was referring to the daytime Emmys?
Q alludes to the Emmys and rolling out the red carpet.
Except it was referring to April 30, the daytime emmys.
