Original Response: 
I get that the NHL wants to do more outdoor games, but there’s a saying that more is less and this is one of them.
If they keep it to 1-2 outdoor games, I can see the appeal of the outdoor games, but have more than 2 then you diluting the special meaning that the Outdoor game provides.
I’m cool with the Outdoor games, but limit to 2 per season.
Never thought I would agree with a Colorado fan but I do.
Once they started the stadium series I lost all interest in outdoor games.
Limit it to 1 or 2 a year, and rotate all teams through, with no repeats until all teams get one game.
Does not necessarily even need to be near a home team.
Maybe try a few games in states or provinces without a nhl team.
Yeah, part of what makes it a diluting factor is that you get the same teams in the outdoor games that there’s no variance of other teams in there.
Oh Blackhawks are playing in the Outdoor game, who gives a fuck, they don’t need to get anymore airtime.
Send one to Florida and have the Florida-Tampa Bay Outdoor game occur in Orlando.
I’m sure Minnesota and Dallas would be a Winter Classic game and has a historical rival feel to it.
Have one in Green Bay, I’m sure they’ll love to host a Outdoor game as it’s the Holy Grail for Football.
The Florida game would have to be on roller blades.
Does it really matter where the game is played?
It gets done either way and chances are you're going to be watching it on TV.
what's the difference?
I agree, and would like to add that they shouldnt have the Blackhawks playing the outdoor game every year.
You want to give more teams a chance at the outdoor games, stop picking the same damn teams every year.
Put in a little rotation.
I liked the stadium series at Yankee stadium, but that is mostly because it has a unique situation- 3 teams right there.
Every team was technically a home team, and all the teams played each other for a game.
It was a one-stadium series, and it helps that yankee stadium did well promoting it.
If they wanted to pull that out again, I don't think any of the NYC/NJ fans would complain, but it couldnt be a yearly thing.
Most locations, though, would not be able to pull that atmosphere off.
Ive worked with the guys who put on those events, they are waiting for a Florida game to happen,
Nice, I’d welcome returning seeing some Roller Hockey like we saw in the 90s on ESPN.
Yeah, many people are getting sick of seeing the Blackhawks for the Outdoor game.
Sure it was good the first time being heald at Wrigley, but they shouldn’t have been asked to play another one until all teams got a shot.
This is now their 3rd time hosting a game and a few more where they were the visiting team.
They’re also playing the Bruins which also has saturated the Outdoor Games with Flyers, Penguins and Caps not far behind.

Summary: 
Does it really matter where the game is played?
The Florida game would have to be on roller blades.
Every team was technically a home team, and all the teams played each other for a game.
This is now their 3rd time hosting a game and a few more where they were the visiting team.
