Original Response: 
One of my biggest fears is getting pregnant,my boyfriend said he'll pull out but I'm still nervous that it won't be as safe as wearing a condom.
To be honest I'm not even sure I'm 100% ready to have sex,but we've been together for a month and I'm scared that if I keep him waiting too long he'll lose interest in me.
He's also a virgin and he keeps telling me he really wants to have sex.
I told him that I went and bought some condoms for him so he didn't have to get them himself,then he kept saying "I'm not gonna wear one,it's our first time I want the real experience,don't you trust me?"
I love him and trust him,but I also really don't want to risk getting pregnant.
I'm scared to say anything else to him about it because I don't want him to leave me.
No condom no sex.
I bet he wouldn't want a baby too.
And if he leaves you over that then it sure hurts but you deserve so much better.
(also if it's his first time I highly doubt his ability to pull out in time)
Would hurt even more if he got her pregnant because he wouldn't wear a condom and THEN left her.
Don't do it OP!
THIS.
If he doesn't respect you enough to wear a fucking rubber, don't fuck him.
Good second point, no way he's going to be able to time that correctly.
&amp;#x200B;

You can also get pregnant from precum, although the chances of that happening are less likely:

&gt;However, an earlier ejaculation (either from sex, masturbation, etc.)
may leave some leftover sperm in the urethra.
This sperm can get flushed out by precum (aka, the precum would then contain sperm), and together would have a chance to cause pregnancy.
&amp;#x200B;

There's also nothing wrong with waiting until you feel comfortable OP.
Everyone moves at different speeds and for someone your age you shouldn't feel guilty for wanting to wait longer than a month before having sex.
I don't want to make things negative, but there's also the chance that you all will break up *afterwards*.
Do it on your own time, when you're ready, not as a bargaining chip to make sure he doesn't leave.
Yep^
Disclaimer: I'm male.
This.
All of this.
Don't let this guy trick you, the threat to your future is too great.
I won't say not to have sex, but please use a condom until you're ready for kids.
Agreed.
Put a condom on him.
Dead on correct.
My brother and his missus used the pull out method... they now have a baby.
My high school boyfriend did this to me.
Guilted me, pressured me until I caved, I got pregnant, he left me.
I was 17.
My son turns 16 on Sunday.
I’ve not seen his father since he was 7, and it was sporadic before that.
this is the right answer here.
This is so important.
This isn't about not trusting him, because he won't be able to control anything here.
Listen to your heart and don't do it!
If he doesn't want protection he is obviously not ready for the act.
In my experience, a man having PIV sex for the first time will immediately ejaculate 🙃.
Also, if it's his first time I highly doubt his ability to tell the difference between how his dick feels in a vagina with a condom on vs. "the real experience".
Sorry, but dude sounds like an idiot and an ass...
High school boyfriend wanted to have sex, I wasn’t ready and didn’t allow it.
He broke up with me days after having had surgery.
I cried so hard my brothers thought I was dying and ran up the stairs to help.
It hurt like hell but guess what, I got over it and life moves on.
Had I caved and had sex I would’ve been heartbroken for not having listened to my heart.
Don’t do anything you’re not ready to do OP, he doesn’t care about you and it may not seem that way now but one day you’ll look back and understand that someone who truly loves and cares for you WILL NOT pressure you to do anything you don’t want to do.
Good for you.
Hindsight, somethingsomething.
It sucked, hope all is well!
And hope OP follows her heart.
You're not just male, you're a good man.
:)
So I've been told.
Thanks for the compliment though.
Why aren’t you on the pil  if you are going to have unprotected sex ?
I got my girlfriend pregnant in high school.
Because I was stupid and didn’t want to wear a condom.
No pressure.
I just didn’t respect her enough to not ruin her life.
I married her.
We have three beautiful kids together.
We are no longer married.
You shouldn’t abandon someone just because your actions caused a problem.
I’m sorry this happened to you.
It’s fine.
I chose to have the baby.
He’s a smart boy and I ended up marrying a guy who treats him as his own.
I went to college, got a cushy government job and make a lot of money.
I travel often.
I’m bitter that someone can choose not to know my son, because he is a good kid who deserves knowing and I am as bitter that I had to do all the dirty work in raising him and he got off without losing any sleep, worry, patience, money or opportunity.
I’m bitter that I’m the one that has had to come up with an answer to my son as to why he’s not there and doesn’t want to be there.
I’m bitter that 16 years later this person still holds this power over my life, despite not being here.
I’m better than this and I know it.
You are better.
And it’s great you married a man that treats him like his own.
My sister in law had a baby and the dad wanted nothing to do with it.
He’s my son now.
He calls me daddy.
He doesn’t know anything about that shit stain, and that’s just perfect for him.
He’s four and only knows love.
One day he’ll know that I’m not his bio dad, but I hope it won’t be as great a sting because he has as much love as I can give him.
Thanks Mitt Romney.
This is very true

Source: conceived a child with my ex wife this way.
&gt; No condom no sex

The new hit reggae single on college campuses everywhere.
Agreed.
No glove no love.
I say this as a parent of an 8yo... Wrap.
That.
Shit.
Up.
If he doesn't like it then he can get to steppin.
19, No condom, and the pull out method.
When's the baby shower?
[deleted]
I mean, respecting your partner is really just the bare minumum for human decency.
I think the bar for 'a good man' should be quite a bit higher.
Not saying that u/armas_ectos isn't, just that this isn't really enough evidence.
The original poster should read this ^ post and pay heed to it.
Everything said here is true.
I've had sex on the regular for the past 4 years.
As a newbie, I couldn't tell the difference between wearing and not wearing a condom.
So wearing a condom on my penis didn't in any way diminish my experience.
Now that I can tell the difference (which would make you think I'd insist on not putting on a rubber), I still prefer to wear a condom.
Both for my basic partner's sake and my own.
There was one time when we noticed that the condom had ruptured as we were cleaning up afterwards.
We panicked.
Ran to the pharmacy, got a morning after pill.
We sat down and had a talk about what we'd do if we were indeed pregnant.
This was the second or third time we were having sex (shows you how inexperienced we were).
We considered dropping out of college, getting married and me working for her dad while raising the baby.
Both of us had great plans for the future and a baby in our early twenties would have meant giving up on everything we both wanted since high school.
We realized that half an hour of sexy times isn't worth ruining our life plans over.
Keep in mind that we had been together for almost 2 years at that point and we were pretty sure that we'd get married after college.
Thankfully, there was no pregnancy.
We have been extremely cautious ever since.
This little story is meant to show you a number of things.
First, that it's perfectly normal to wait to have sex.
We waited almost two years to do it.
I have friends who have been dating the same partner since high school and only started having sex in college.
Second, you don't need to give a guy sex to keep him interested.
My interest in my girlfriend isn't only about having sex.
If it was, then our relationship would be very shallow and it wouldn't be too hard for me to break up with her and start dating someone else.
What makes me interested in her and our relationship is that I value our conversations and our activities together (gym, swimming, shopping, cooking etc).
What I'm saying is that if anyone can give me sex but only my partner can give me fulfilment in other aspects of life.
And that is enough to keep me interested.
Third, that people who are new at sex can easily make mistakes.
I was wearing a condom and still managed to tear its tip.
It is virtually impossible for a newbie to be able to pull out before ejaculating.
It would be stupid to think otherwise.
OP, sit down and think about your future in 5 and 10 years' time.
I highly doubt you're looking for a life of regrets and hardship due to an unwanted baby.
Don't do something that may jeopardize that future.
What does respect have to do with sexual preferences?
It's his right to not enjoy condoms, it's her right to not have sex with him.
Both are entitled to their opinion.
&gt; also if it's his first time I highly doubt his ability to pull out in time

Please read this OP.
Your virgin boyfriend has no idea.
I hate condoms and I still whole heartedly agree with you.
If he's pressuring her into sex without protection, he's an asshole who doesn't get to have sex.
This literally happened to a friend of mine!
Condoms or nothing everybody!
Thank you!
Clearly from any gender perspective this guy is scum.
I think we can all agree that he’s at least smarter than the dumbass that OP is dating.
He's a horny teenager.
I won't say that he's scum, I don't know him personally; he's thinking with his dick though.
Hormones and hindbrain instincts can be a pain in the ass to overcome, and I hope he does so.
Don’t fuck up your future plans over some guy.
Use a condom or get birth control.
He’s 19, his “pull out” game is weak af.
Other bc options don't give all the same protections as condoms.
His pull out game is as weak as his respect for her tbh.
Yep non existent.
IUDs have a much higher success rate than condoms.
Do virgins even know how to pull out?
The only time pulling out should be part of the plan, is to attempt some kind of fancy porno movie finish.
It's a stylistic flourish, like a sundae that already has cream on it, and you decide to add sprinkles too.
IUDs don't protect against STIs.
True, but since both parties in the post are virgins and the girl seems to be more concerned about pregnancy, I don't think STIs are the issue in this scenario.
Happily IUDs are not mutually exclusive to condoms.
My concern was a (presumed) lack of an inclusive or with the original comment.
Technically the risk is still there.
In addition to bc not protecting everything a condom would, bc will also not be effective for the timeline OP is talking about.
No way starting birth control today would prevent a pregnancy this weekend.
That is a very polite / politically correct way of calling her boyfriend a douchebag.
I agree with that assessment wholeheartedly, except a douchebag has a purpose being placed where it is at times; he would be trespassing.
They call people who rely on the pull out method "parents".
You can get pregnant without him cumming inside you.
Even if it wasn't, precum has sperm in it.
Birth control is an option if you trust the guy not to have any diseases, and if you're willing to postpone this until it's effective.
But given how little he seems to respect OP, how sure are you about that?
"Don't you trust me?"
I sure don't.
That's the bigger part to me.
I don't wear condoms very often but if my partner wants one then that's the way it goes.
Sex is a 2 way street and it should be both of your decisions, just cuz it goes on his penis don't mean shit.
For reference, in the show Scrubs, JD makes his girlfriend pregnant without actually cumming inside her.
Scrubs is medically accurate.
...no sprinkles for me please.
Precum does not automatically have sperm in it.
Depends on if he's ejaculated recently.
If so, there are lingering sperm that didn't catch the first train.
Otherwise, Precum isn't sperm laden.
Pulling out is also not a good protection method.
Not a good question for reddit I presume.
Ah, lemme rephrase it better.
Do redditors know how to pull out?
Oooo, nice!

Summary: 
I chose to have the baby.
Put a condom on him.
I’m better than this and I know it.
I bet he wouldn't want a baby too.
Because I was stupid and didn’t want to wear a condom.
I got my girlfriend pregnant in high school.
19, No condom, and the pull out method.
Use a condom or get birth control.
Listen to your heart and don't do it!
Pulling out is also not a good protection method.
My interest in my girlfriend isn't only about having sex.
I say this as a parent of an 8yo... Wrap.
I was wearing a condom and still managed to tear its tip.
I just didn’t respect her enough to not ruin her life.
He's also a virgin and he keeps telling me he really wants to have sex.
I hate condoms and I still whole heartedly agree with you.
IUDs don't protect against STIs.
It's his right to not enjoy condoms, it's her right to not have sex with him.
I'm scared to say anything else to him about it because I don't want him to leave me.
(also if it's his first time I highly doubt his ability to pull out in time)
I won't say not to have sex, but please use a condom until you're ready for kids.
I don't wear condoms very often but if my partner wants one then that's the way it goes.
Do redditors know how to pull out?
Do virgins even know how to pull out?
We are no longer married.
Guilted me, pressured me until I caved, I got pregnant, he left me.
Other bc options don't give all the same protections as condoms.
Not a good question for reddit I presume.
