Original Response: 
I wonder what the hell goes on inside someone's head to think that sending a picture of himself naked to a stranger on the internet is a good idea.
Judging from the pic and his response after she wasn’t into it I’m guessing he is a sociopath.
Idk, it is the online naked man.
Maybe it works 1/3 times?
Good enough for me!
Two out of three times...
Not everyone is a sociopath.
If every guy that sent a dick pic on the internet was one, good god the percent of sociopaths would be huge in the population, way higher than it actually is.
I would say sending unsolicited pics of your cock to people falls into the category of anti-social behavior.
Because men don't face any real social stigma for it.
A woman's entire life/career can be effectively ended if the nudes she sent to her boyfriend get leaked.
but when guys sexually harass women in texts the predominant response is "well some women like it", "that's just how the dating game works nowadays", "You never know unless you put yourself out there", "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take!"
To them it's just flirting...
This is grindr, it works.
Booty’s cool though, right?
I don’t know how else to use the app.
Like what the fuck am I supposed to do besides send a pic and ask for a good succ?
It definitely works on Grindr, but... *this* isn't Grindr.
Which seems weird as fuck.
Like, in absolutely zero organic dating situations would it be acceptable to just get your dick out and waggle it at someone.
You'd get arrested or worse and definitely be considered a sex offender, even by guys that send dick pics.
I don't understand how they don't see that it's the same fucking principle, the only difference is you can't get pepper sprayed via text.
I find it hard to believe that the only thing stopping most guys from whipping it out at a bar is the possibility of violence, but that's certainly what it seems like.
Oh my bad.
Yes, because I actually want them.
Some guys like getting kicked in the balls.
We should kick anyone who says this in the balls then say "some guys like it, stop being so dramatic" when they complain.
Yeah I mean.. At least slap up a semi first.
[removed]
Upvoted for the obvious HIMYM references.
He's not a sociopath, just a douche.
[deleted]
Very douchey behaviour.
[https://www.encyclopedia.com/medicine/psychology/psychology-and-psychiatry/antisocial-behavior](https://www.encyclopedia.com/medicine/psychology/psychology-and-psychiatry/antisocial-behavior)

&amp;#x200B;

 Antisocial behaviors are disruptive acts characterized by covert and overt hostility and intentional aggression toward others.
Antisocial behavior may be overt, involving aggressive actions against siblings, peers, parents, teachers, or other adults, such as verbal abuse, bullying and hitting;
That's pretty much all you do.
Or you can be classy and just say "hi" or something because they'll probably ask if you don't send first.
Or let them come to you, but then that means you get messaged by a lot of people who probably arent your type at all, or are 400 feet away demanding you let them suck your dick at 1am so you stay inside your house for two days so they can't see you leave and hunt you down.
Do you need someone to send help?
Just google it LUL.
It's not the same.
Nah this was like a month ago.
But I really, really hated it at the time.
Mildly paranoid about it still but I think it's gucci now

You will catch me lackin' over here though, which sucks.
I can explain this, you see the problem with these people is that they don't know what women want, so they end up assuming that they want what us men want, random nudes.
[deleted]
It's interesting to note that it works on Grindr, because this reveals why straight guys do it.
They assume women are exactly like men, and men, whether straight or gay, like getting pics of genitals sent to them, as long as they are attractive genitals belonging to attractive people.
They can't relate to what women feel when they suddenly see a stranger's penis.
Honestly, I don't know what goes through a woman's head when she gets an unsolicited dick pic, but I imagine it's similar to how I'd feel, as a straight man, seeing another guy's penis: first of all, no matter what it looked like, who is this person, and why the hell did they send me this?
Second, in the best case scenario, I might say to myself "Huh, impressive size", but still wouldn't feel horny at all, or have any desire to meet the guy.
Worst case scenario, it would be small and hairy, discolored and warty and I'd be absolutely disgusted.
Antisocial behavior and being a sociopath are different things though....
right??
Also, some antisocial behavior doesn’t automatically mean that person has antisocial personality disorder either haha.
Unsolicited is the key word lol.
anti-social behavior is different from anti-social personality disorder.
So like 75% of primary to high schoolers are sociopaths?
My theory is they get their charge in the sending of the dick pic.
Nothing further required.
Not necessarily.
They tend to go hand in hand for a reason.
Well, yeah, but the thing is they grow out of it.
Either way, the second point I made was the main thing I’m getting at.
Too many internet psychologists in here trying to diagnose someone from a screenshot.
“What dick, that is a thumb, I did not ask for this, it is Sunday”.
So perfect.
I felt that.
"Hey, look, it's like a cock but smaller!"
Cockette, cockito, cocklett....
Whenever I think about taking a dick pic on a Sunday I ask myself, what would Jesus do?
“Don’t call me squishy face”.
*White Jesus.
[deleted]
If you sexually expose yourself to someone unconsensually you deserve to be made fun of.
Has nothing to do with anyone else, just them.
Sounds like an evolution of Pokemon you find on Route 1.
Unsolicited dick pics immediatly cost you any level of respect for your feelings.
Also you shouldn't feel bad about your dick size.
Chances are, it doesn't fucking matter.
"More of a ding than a dong"
That’s NOT what she said.
[removed]
Nope.
This idea that “I can do this to you and make you uncomfortable, but you can’t say anything in return that might hurt my sensitive feelings” is nonsensical.
If guys send unsolicited dick pics, you can say whatever the hell you want.
If a guy doesn’t want his limp baby dick to be made fun of, maybe he should stop sending unwanted genitalia pics.
[removed]
PREACH.
Noooooope, you send a dick pic to someone without their consent, you deserve a massive roasting.
Don't be like the dude in the post.
Yes 🤣🤣🤣.
Haha nope.
If you expose yourself to someone without their consent then yeah, you get made fun of.
If he’s sensitive about it, maybe he *shouldn’t be sending unsolicited dick pics to random girls*
You gotta be fucking joking dude.
If somebody on the street whipped out their dick in front of a stranger he'd be charged with sexual assault.
Having his little ol peepee made fun of is the least this guy deserves.
Ok, Cheddar Bob.
The Germans call it der Cöckchen.
Cockatiel.
Nouns suffixed with _-chen_ are always _das,_ though.
It’s almost like a haiku.
[removed]
Das Schwänzlein.
🎵🎵 Schwänzchen klein | ging allein ... 🎵🎵.
Oh shit you’re right :)
"thanks for reminding me!
I have to buy baby carrots!"
"Chen" in german is the equivalent of the "chibi" style in japanese, but it doesnt really work on everything.
It would be "Schwänzchen" or maybe even "Penischen" but you dont really say "cock" or even "cöck" in german to a dick :D.
Small?
Possibly, but flaccid?
The shadow on his leg tells a different story.
That's still not 8" by any means.
he could be rocking a chub.
Still looks a little droopy.
Are you a dicktective?
Enhance

*Enhance*

#ENHANCE.
Though the light looks like it's coming directly from his left so it could make the shadow look longer.
Depends on where the light source is.
Or the fact that it'd make him in the top 0.01% of dicks?
If the light source was coming from directly below his left, sure then i'd believe that but this isn't the case.
I had to scroll back up just to verify what you said.
This kind of dick shaming dont need any kind or logic, just let him feel like shit.
Maybe that way he will keep his dick to himself.
My fellow mommies and I are dick detectives, if you need help with any cases let us know.
Also the bevel clearly shows it.
stay high and tight out there today, fellow Hitler.
You too, Jeans.
I hope you're not suffering from any neuropathy issues.
Some people say they can smell a crime from miles away, and sniff out a perp in no time at all!!
TRY'EM OUT!
!
Ramona Quimby, 8 Inches.
"Ride my dick"

&gt; You accepted the request.
Edit: the joke, people, is that this exchange makes it humorously sound like she is obliging with his request to ride his dick.
I was worried nobody else had clocked this.
Right!
BS trolling.
I think she's definitely sending mixed messages.
She needs to accept the request to send a message back, and if she didn't send a message back how would she have gotten this sweet sweet karma?
If you dont follow someone on twitter, you do not see images if they first send it to you.
It's blocked but you CAN view them first and then accept messages.
I've got a few people who have sent dick pictures first and I preview the images and of course the first thing I want to do is reply to them like "What is wrong with you my dude"
I too was worried nobody else had cocked this.
About 90% of all the unsavoury text posts in this sub can be avoided by the receiving party if they would simply block the offender.
I mean your not wrong, but that's not entertaining.
It would defeat the purpose of this sub.
I was worried that no one had blocked this, as well.
I feel like every girls reply to this site is a comment about size.
It's really annoying.
You could've said so many things about him being a bad person for sending you something like that, but yet you decided to make fun of him for something that he can't change.
I mean yeah do w.e you want to hurt him.
I don't really care.
But then you post it online and everyone glorifies it.
"Haha that guy has a small penis, you showed him haha".
Ok cool, but a lot of guys have small penises and it's really in bad taste to glorify that kind of bm.
I don't even know why I care so much about such a stupid topic.
I even have a pretty decent dong so I'm not personally hurt by this.
I am just tired of the hypocrisy.
You are being a bigger dick than him (No pun intended).
I know I'll get downvoted for this.
But can we just stop glorifying shit like this.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
Baby dick up above.
Are you really defending a racist guy sending unsolicited dick pics?
Radiates *small dick energy*
r/incels leaking?
Especially that I saw a post on r/askreddit where a question was posed saying “Ladies, what is it men are insecure about that you don’t care about?” And so many said size, it’s how you use it, what else you do in sex, connection, etc.
And yet, here we are, a woman saying he’s small and then other people (no idea of their sex) applauding and agreeing with it.
The iguana doth protest too much, methinks.
No.
He is a moron for sending dick pics, but I don't agree with the way the girl acted as well.
I mean even if I did have a small dick the argument would still stand.
Not really.
I would be an incel if I hated women.
I don't think I said anything that would make you think that.
Yeah.
Every post about unsolicited dick pick &gt; Haha your dick is small.
Every post asking about penis sizes &gt; Size doesn't matter.
smh.
Are you being serious?
Tbh if he just shows his dick off out of nowhere, he deserves to be belittled.
No one wants some guy being creepy and showing his dick off without asking.
I agree that it's shitty for a girl to make fun of a guys dick but if you were a girl, I'm sure you wouldn't be too happy with people harassing you with unwanted pictures of their dick.
I know it would hurt if some girl said that to me but big difference between consensual sex and sexual harassment.
You are right.
I would probably act much worse imo, but I wouldn't want it to be glorified!
He does deserve to belittled, I am just not a fan of how it was done.
Because when some guy sends you a dick pic out of nowhere it's like a mental assault.
You wouldn't go up to a girl in public and pull out your dick to show it off to her, would you?
Guys who send dick pics are like 21st century flashers, but instead of people being like, "Somebody arrest that guy, he just showed me his penis!!"
Everyone's like, "Oh, it's just a thing.
Girls get dick pics.
It's gross, but whatever."
So when we get them we know to hit them where it hurts.
Dick size.
:)
Hey, if he’s willing to send a dick pic to a stranger as their first point of contact?
Hit them where it hurts.
Maybe his ego needs to be taken down a notch.
&gt;You are being a bigger dick than him

Are you fucking serious?
Good lord.
I think he's saying it's mean to those with smaller penises, who don't do shit like this.
Kind of like making fun of a shitty manipulative woman by making fun of her acne scars or stretch marks, it could make others with those features feel even more insecure.
I don't think it's his feelings they care about, he sent an unsolicited dick pic.
But other men with small penises who might feel insecure about reading that.
It’s because it doesn’t matter to anyone except guys.
So if he’s being rude, it’s literally the easiest way to hurt him.
Look at how bruised this guy’s ego was by some random stranger’s comment on his dick.
Telling him he’s a bad person wont do shit, he’ll laugh it off.
It might not be right, but it works, which is why people still do it.
He's saying that using small dick as an insult is hurtful towards a lot of people who have small dicks.
Just like calling someone gay as an insult is hurtful to gays as you imply they're bad.
[removed]
I would NEVER make fun of a man for having a small penis if I was seeing his penis of my own accord.
If I'm attracted to a guy, and we hit it off, and I find out he has a small penis, I would absolutely not make fun of him for that.
For one, small penises are still enjoyable, so it doesn't matter if it's small.
Secondly, I would never say something to intentionally hurt or humiliate someone who has been decent.
BUT, sending an unsolicited dick pic is rude and disrespectful, and that person deserves nothing but ridicule.
Exactly.
I will admit, I am extremely self conscious of my penis so it would hurt if a girl were to make fun of me but there is no way in hell I would send an unsolicited dick pic.
I have never sent one when asked to.
Exactly.
how did you know he was racist before dick shaming him?
Nope, wrong.
It's sad to think that you and so many others think your value is solely in your dick.
And this lack of concern for people who get harassed by your fellow losers.
Meh, deal with it.
Because it's a hit to someone like you whos ego is solely tied to their dick (you must suck in bed).
This is a form of sexual harassment, if this dude ran around flashing people in person he'd be at risk of having castration so stfu.
no ad hominem, please.
ty.
It seems like you are projecting.
My value isn't solely in my dick.
I just don't think it's ok to shame someone about thinks they can't change.
Here's the thing, if someone is going to send you *unsolicited dick pics*, that is a **complete lack of respect** for the person who gets them- no different than flashing a person on the street.
And the people that do that don't deserve respect from the receiver of those pictures.
So as a woman who has touched many a dick of differing size, shapes ajd colours and knows how insecure men are about them, if they're going to *force something on me that I never asked for* then **fuck their feelings and insecurites why should I have to be respectful if they aren't**.
Lol because obviously the solution to a problem is to do exactly what they did back to you.
She can respond to sexual harassment anyway she wants, and making fun of his babydick is going to sting the most.
That's the whole point, responding to sexual harassment in a way which will hurt him the most.
You are no longer entitled to *any* kind of respect/decency when you sexually harass someone.
&gt; I even have a pretty decent dong so I'm not personally hurt by this

Hmm, I gotta say, babydick, I'm not so sure I believe you.
found the man who sexually assaults women by sending dick pics without consent and who also has a teeny tiny wiener.
\&gt;  I even have a pretty decent dong so I'm not personally hurt by this.
if you gotta brag about, you're lyin', teeny tiny wiener man.
why, does it hurt your little dick feelings?
they can change their behavior.
had he not sent pictures of his teeny tiny dick without permission, he wouldn't have been made fun of for his teeny tiny dick.
got it, teeny tiny dick man?
okay teeny tiny dick man, whatever you wanna lie about today!
calm down there buddy.
Yeah that was exactly what I was talking about.
lol sure buddy.
So what do you suggest we do then?
Ignore it and allow it to continue to others?
Or ask nicely?
Cause I don't know about you but neither seem to work very often.
Apparently making fun of his size doesn’t either cause y’all keep getting dick pics.
Well if I'm gunna get sexually harassed anyway I'm not gunna be fucking nice about it.

Summary: 
why, does it hurt your little dick feelings?
I am just tired of the hypocrisy.
I mean yeah do w.e you want to hurt him.
Yes, because I actually want them.
Don't be like the dude in the post.
how did you know he was racist before dick shaming him?
Maybe that way he will keep his dick to himself.
Yeah that was exactly what I was talking about.
I know I'll get downvoted for this.
I have never sent one when asked to.
Hit them where it hurts.
I don't think it's his feelings they care about, he sent an unsolicited dick pic.
“What dick, that is a thumb, I did not ask for this, it is Sunday”.
I would be an incel if I hated women.
My theory is they get their charge in the sending of the dick pic.
I have to buy baby carrots!"
got it, teeny tiny dick man?
I mean your not wrong, but that's not entertaining.
So when we get them we know to hit them where it hurts.
I was worried that no one had blocked this, as well.
If guys send unsolicited dick pics, you can say whatever the hell you want.
It seems like you are projecting.
I don't think I said anything that would make you think that.
Because when some guy sends you a dick pic out of nowhere it's like a mental assault.
Everyone's like, "Oh, it's just a thing.
I too was worried nobody else had cocked this.
Also you shouldn't feel bad about your dick size.
Are you really defending a racist guy sending unsolicited dick pics?
I mean even if I did have a small dick the argument would still stand.
Some guys like getting kicked in the balls.
I think she's definitely sending mixed messages.
I had to scroll back up just to verify what you said.
Two wrongs don't make a right.
I was worried nobody else had clocked this.
I even have a pretty decent dong so I'm not personally hurt by this.
"Ride my dick"

&gt; You accepted the request.
My value isn't solely in my dick.
I think he's saying it's mean to those with smaller penises, who don't do shit like this.
I don’t know how else to use the app.
