Original Response: 
If anyone is just learning about the Bible and Jesus, look at Jesus in the Old Testament.
It will blow your mind and really solidify many things.
The Bible was like a riddle in the past, but should be clear as day now that we have the New Testament to clarify Jesus Christ the Messiah, and who He is.
A few examples:

Jesus walks in the garden in Genesis 3:8

Jesus was one of the 3 men who came to Abraham in Genesis 18

Jesus was the 4th man in the fire 

Jesus wrestled with Jacob 

Jesus was the Angel who spoke from the burning bush 


These are just a start, but when you read the Old Testament it becomes a Jesus-search puzzle that gives your heart a flutter every time you find Him again!
Jesus was ALWAYS the plan!
Keep the faith and God bless you!
Not trying to cause trouble but there is a lot of evidence that shows that most of the OT is made up by writers under King Josiah to unite northern and southern Israel.
Read The Bible Unearthed by Israel Finkelstein for more context.
That the Deuteronomists wrote on behalf of king Hezekiah or king Josiah for a particular purpose does not mean they invented their history.
To accept that we have any warped version of the Bible would be to say that God would let the enemy, or corrupt man, warp His message.
The Bible has a lot of reliable science (life in the blood, circle of the earth, relative time) in it between 66 books with over 40 authors.
It’s a pretty intricate message that works together as a unit but is actually a reliable library of God.
Even Job alludes to Dinosaurs, and that is the oldest written book of the Bible.
But there are way more intricate messages on Jesus in there, despite any Christ appearances or not.
Not necessarily, but the archeological evidence supports the opposite of nearly all OT stories.
For instance, there is not a shred of evidence of an exodus out of Egypt.
Job was a play/drama.
It wasnt a real event.
Men are not perfect, and men wrote the bible.
Just because something works together does not make it true.
Your first assertion is false.
Archeology corroborates much OT history, particularly after David.
As for the Exodus, yes, there is only Biblical evidence of its occurrence.
Lack of evidence does not prove the opposite.
If you are really curious read the book I referenced.
It goes into far greater detail than I can get into on here.
There is substantial evididence that it did not happen.
Finkelstein represents an extreme view.
I prefer the work of Richard Friedman.
Traditions about a people's origin are not invented whole cloth.
Some very old Biblical texts commemorate Israel's flight from Egypt.
Texts written long before the Exile.
Of course there are.
But we have to listen to both sides and see what the evidence points to.
Such as there is no evidence of 600000+ people living in the desert for 40 years.
Not even one basket.
Fair enough.
&gt; As for the Exodus, yes, there is only Biblical evidence of its occurrence.
Lack of evidence does not prove the opposite.
There's a complete lack of evidence that New York was destroyed by a nuclear bomb.
Lack of evidence does not prove NY didn't blow up, right?
To each their own, I guess.
I still think it’s pretty radical that 40 plus people who never met, wrote their own books that aligned into one integrated message.
Not to mention the science it knew....washing in running water, knowing life is in the blood and that time is relative....thousands of years before human medicine discovered its truth.
Not to mention the Holographic Principle and Quantum Physics backing it up....that we are living in a shadow of reality, where consciousness controls matter....not the backward explanation of matter creating consciousness.
How did matter write the code of life that controls it, without a Program Developer?
But anyway....
I can’t make you believe something you don’t.
Interesting that someone who disagrees with the Bible has an interest in debating Christianity.
Almost like you are subconsciously looking for the truth of life.
Best of luck wherever you go and whatever you find.
This really should be more obvious.
People don't speak in poetic monologues.
&gt; wrote their own books that aligned into one integrated message.
But they don't.
The authors disagree with each other pretty often.
The message of God sending a savior to help bridge the gap for humanity and God is throughout and agreed upon.
Most contradictions are because the one reading doesn’t understand.
Do a study of 9 in the 9-code and you will see this property.
If a number is a 6....it needs a 3 to equal 9.
9 is the only zone where only 9’s are allowed.
Do a multiplication table from all numbers 1-9 and then break the answers down to their Root Digit.
The code is seen right there just to start simple.
But anyway, some are still confused how the “least can be the greatest” in heaven.
There are some deeper than that one.
Nonetheless, the message seems pretty agreed upon when you study the over-arcing message.
&gt; The message of God sending a savior to help bridge the gap for humanity and God is throughout and agreed upon.
This message doesn't exist in the Hebrew Bible.
The message of the Hebrew Bible (not that it's a uniform whole) is that God will help Israel live in their land in peace.
&gt; Most contradictions are because the one reading doesn’t understand.
Most harmonizations of these contradictions are because the one reading is forcing the text to conform to an interpretive system.
But it says as clear as day that God will send someone to crush the serpent, a King from the line of David.....to rule forever.
What was all of that talk about then?
Which contradiction do you struggle with believing?
You're missing the forest for the trees.
So many passages speak of a future king who will defeat the hostile nations and bring peace to Israel.
One of the ways that historical story was told was through apocalyptic and cosmic language.
The serpent, Satan, is the ruler of those idolatrous nations that oppress Israel.
The future king was thought to subdue those nations and thus crush the serpent's head.
Where did their understanding of modern science discoveries come from?
Guesses?
How did Cyrus get predicted by name to restore Jerusalem to the Jewish people?
Coincidence?
There are too many things that prove they come from outside of space-time....yet no human can understand something not confirming to properties of time.
Study time and its properties and understand eternity is outside of any of this universe time .
It makes more sense.
We are in a Holographic universe of space-time.
I'm not struggling with any of them.
I just accept them for what they are.
So you can’t name a contradiction?
Besides googling it.
&gt; But it says as clear as day that God will send someone to crush the serpent, a King from the line of David

It doesn't say anything like this.
It says Eve's descendents and snakes will have a perpetual enmity, of the snakes biting the heel and Eve's descendants stomping the snake.
No biblical text connects the text in Genesis 3 to a king defended from David.
How could it when Genesis was written centuries prior?
No one would know who David was....the Davidic covenant wasn’t established until later anyway.
There is still the covenant to Abraham too.
If you don’t believe in the Bible, do you believe in a Designer of the universe?
&gt; Where did their understanding of modern science discoveries come from?
Guesses?
The Bible doesn't reflect much of modern sciences' discoveries at all.
&gt; How did Cyrus get predicted by name to restore Jerusalem to the Jewish people?
Coincidence?
Isaiah 40-55 was written while Cyrus' war campaign against Babylon was already underway.
These chapters were written by an anonymous prophet, never claiming to be Isaiah.
They were appended to the original Isaiah's book simply because people saw a thematic connection.
Genesis was written in the sixth century, four centuries after David.
It's impressive that you can put words in my mouth and have no remorse for essentially lying.
Modern science:

Einstein discovers time is relative in 1915.
In 2015, we saw gravitational waves that proved space really can be “stretched”, “worn”, “burnt” or “rolled up” due to space-time having physical properties 

Medical....

We bled out George Washington with our medical professionals to try and save him.
It killed him.
Thousands of years earlier, the Jews were told “life is in the blood”.
We use blood tests to see the quality of life now.
Didn’t start until the 1900’s.
I'm agnostic.
I don't see evidence of "design" to the universe.
Are you familiar with Program Development and Information Science?
AI?
Quantum Computing?
DNA?
Mathematics?
Fibonacci Sequence?
What do you believe our electromagnetic universe is then?
Or do you believe in solid and void?
&gt; Einstein discovers time is relative in 1915.
The Bible doesn't reflect this discovery.
&gt; We bled out George Washington with our medical professionals to try and save him.
It killed him.
Thousands of years earlier, the Jews were told “life is in the blood”.
This is not a modern discovery at all.
It didn't take humanity very much trial and error to discover that the red liquid oozing out of a gash from a sword is necessary to keep a person alive.
Yep, I'm familiar with those.
I don't see them as evidence of "design".
Fair enough then....at least you’re aware of it.
I’m still unsure how matter with no brain or information became matter infused with consciousness that obeys and grows by the laws of the DNA code.
Where did the information come from?
And why hasn’t a computer built itself and wrote its own software yet?
And if you say a Quantum Computer, the QC was still built by a developer.
&gt; I’m still unsure how matter with no brain or information became matter infused with consciousness that obeys and grows by the laws of the DNA code.
If you're actually curious, and not just asking a question you have no cares for an answer, look into abiogenesis.
&gt; And why hasn’t a computer built itself and wrote its own software yet?
That's essentially what the brain is.
The Bible said time is relative.
“To the Lord a day is like 1,000 years and 1,000 years a day”

2 Peter 3

It seems to illustrate that outside of earth, time is relative.
Seems clear to me.
As for bleeding people out as a solution to things (when we know removing blood is a terrible plan)....if they would have listened they would have known that “life is in the blood”.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloodletting.
Non-Mobile link: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloodletting
***
^HelperBot ^v1.1 ^/r/HelperBot_ ^I ^am ^a ^bot.
^Please ^message ^/u/swim1929 ^with ^any ^feedback ^and/or ^hate.
^Counter: ^213189.
**Bloodletting**

Bloodletting (or blood-letting) is the withdrawal of blood from a patient to prevent or cure illness and disease.
Bloodletting, whether by a physician or by leeches, was based on an ancient system of medicine in which blood and other bodily fluids were regarded as "humours" that had to remain in proper balance to maintain health.
It is claimed to have been the most common medical practice performed by surgeons from antiquity until the late 19th century, a span of almost 2,000 years.
In Europe the practice continued to be relatively common until the end of the 18th century.
***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/Christianity/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28.
Yea, but the brain was developed from a DNA code from a parent....whose brain was created from their parent....so when did this start?
And how?
How do you know consciousness doesn’t create and control matter?
[deleted]
&gt; The Bible said time is relative.
The text in question is using a figure of speech which is meant to communicate that, because God exists through all ages, a thousand years is to him a blink of the eye.
It is not describing the scientific concept of time being relative between two bodies.
&gt; As for bleeding people out as a solution to things (when we know removing blood is a terrible plan)....if they would have listened they would have known that “life is in the blood”.
The whole point of bloodletting was to get rid of *bad* blood, not all the body's blood.
Everyone knew blood was needed for the body to live.
The Bible didn't make this discovery.
We could go in circles all night about this I guess.
Agree to disagree.
Glad to know you at least have done your own research.
&gt; Yea, but the brain was developed from a DNA code from a parent....whose brain was created from their parent....so when did this start?
And how?
Same thing I already said: read about abiogenesis.
Ok, just make sure you read Biocentrism.
For those interested, Peter Enns also wrote a great book called The Bible Tells Me So in which he goes into the context of the OT and its writers.
This isn’t the place for a debate on inerrancy but *spoiler he doesn’t hold that view.
Which is evidence to suggest that an exodus the scale of the one that is reported in Exodus didn't happen, sure.
I'm willing to believe that.
This doesn't change the fact that it's not unlikely that a smaller scale exodus explains the historical/cultural memory of the event and in fact probably best explains it (as far as Friedman can be trusted)
Where did the Qur'an's understanding of modern science discoveries come from?
Guesses?
How did the Qur'an so accurately describe plate tectonics and human embryonic development?
Coincidence?
https://www.islamreligion.com/category/34/scientific-miracles-of-holy-quran/

Those questions aren't rhetorical, by the way.
Perhaps if you articulate an explanation for why so many Muslims see science in the Qur'an, you might see how you're doing the same thing.
How do you know when Genesis was written?
So we can measure how old the universe is but not when a book was written?
This is crazy logic.
Historians who don’t believe in Genesis will still tell you it is older than Samuel and Kings.
This would make sense though.
The God of Christianity and Islam is the God of Abraham.
He would be the same creator to Christians and Muslims.
You believe in Elijah, Jesus, etc as prophets 

The difference is when you get to Isaac and Ishmael.
Did you know this?
Do you think the Qur'an is divinely inspired?
Is that your explanation for "science" in the Qur'an?
&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
I would not doubt that there have been Muslims who have talked to God and been revealed truth....I just do not believe the Qur’an is God-inspired.
I believe there is more evidence for the Bible and Jesus to be the truth.
I understand you disagree.
I do believe that Jews and Muslims can still find God’s truth when pursuing Him....I just believe they are missing the Jesus Christ revelation.
To follow that up, I think of Judaism and Islam as the cousins of Christianity.
We disagree fundamentally, but we share the same beginning “childhood” so to speak.
I enjoy discussing God with Jews and Muslims because you are already aware of Him.
As long as we put aside our differences, I think we can learn there are deep truths of God we both agree upon.
&gt; I just do not believe the Qur’an is God-inspired.
Then what is your explanation for the "science" in the Qur'an?
I already asked once, and you responded that the God of Christianity and Islam are the same.
But this, apparently, doesn't translate to inspiring both holy books, and therefore doesn't work as an explanation for the "science" in the Qur'an.
Do you have one?
BTW, using Islam as an example doesn't make me a Muslim.

Summary: 
I just accept them for what they are.
I believe there is more evidence for the Bible and Jesus to be the truth.
The Bible said time is relative.
&gt; The Bible said time is relative.
To each their own, I guess.
The Bible didn't make this discovery.
The Bible doesn't reflect this discovery.
&gt; I just do not believe the Qur’an is God-inspired.
I don't see them as evidence of "design".
How do you know when Genesis was written?
This is not a modern discovery at all.
I don't see evidence of "design" to the universe.
The Bible doesn't reflect much of modern sciences' discoveries at all.
The God of Christianity and Islam is the God of Abraham.
This message doesn't exist in the Hebrew Bible.
&gt; Where did their understanding of modern science discoveries come from?
&gt; wrote their own books that aligned into one integrated message.
I can’t make you believe something you don’t.
Lack of evidence does not prove the opposite.
I'm willing to believe that.
&gt; Most contradictions are because the one reading doesn’t understand.
There are some deeper than that one.
Where did their understanding of modern science discoveries come from?
Is that your explanation for "science" in the Qur'an?
Then what is your explanation for the "science" in the Qur'an?
&gt; Einstein discovers time is relative in 1915.
Where did the Qur'an's understanding of modern science discoveries come from?
Most contradictions are because the one reading doesn’t understand.
Read The Bible Unearthed by Israel Finkelstein for more context.
If you don’t believe in the Bible, do you believe in a Designer of the universe?
I already asked once, and you responded that the God of Christianity and Islam are the same.
