Original Response: 
Why can't they just fuck hot babes.
&amp;#x200B;
They were they just had dicks that’s all.
It would still be a scandal, but have you ever tried fucking a guy?
It's pretty fun and hot.
[deleted]
Your name is literally Vagina Blood.
I never have but I wont deny gays are usually fun people to hang out with.
I think the full name of "vag blood white stuff" is significantly worse, no reason to cut corners.
[deleted]
[deleted]
And what about a female's anus?
Don't think shit comes out of there too?
Bro, I'm saying... all those powerful doods could easily get like 100 hot chicks and have big parties somewhere private AF.
But they bring young boys to the fucking WH and shit??
Cmon man wtf??
The arrogance is epic.
Plenty of straight guys are very into fucking girls in the arse too, in fact nearly every bloke I've been with has asked for that at some point.
Is there any evidence to show the male anus holds more faeces, diarrhoea style or otherwise, than the female anus?
LoL, I already know guys are not my thing, I have no interest in them sexually.
Yeah but dude just try it.
You never know.
You don't want to be on your death bed wondering if you were into guys all long.
I have already been on my death bed and  guess what?
That wasn't what I was wondering about.
Same reason why we keep jerking it to more kinky and hardcore shit.
What we used to find arousing has become stale and we seek even more taboo and dangerous stimuli to get off.
Speak for yourself.. not everybody is a psychopath.
I watch shit that looks like it feels good.
Think you misunderstand me.
The way the brain works it becomes desensitised to stimuli, if you're constantly escalating beyond what you find boring but used to find arousing sooner or later you're going to jerk it to extreme shit.
btw fuck your moralising.
Because they're not attracted to them, dummy.
Well fucking children is pretty awful, fucking dudes is much better than chicks.

Summary: 
Don't think shit comes out of there too?
That wasn't what I was wondering about.
I have already been on my death bed and  guess what?
It's pretty fun and hot.
And what about a female's anus?
