Original Response: 
Do.
They.
Mean.
... senpai...?
Im so confused.
Obviously not.
A senpai is an older classmate/someone who is elder in your company or organization without being manager.
A sempi is, apparently, someone you love so much that you want them so badly and you would do anything for them to notice you and if you really love your sempi you will kill girls who talk or look at them and you might kill sempi to be with them forever.
I figured they might have just had their definitions wrong ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
Whoosh.
Also double tap the \\
it's senpai...
I think you mean sempi.
It's obviously shorthand for semper fi, which is itself shorthand for semper fidelis.
Gotta keep up.
Nope, guy you replied to gets the joke and is rollin' with it.
You're the woosh.
Urban dictionary here we come.
Yut!
And that's how the sempai copypasta was born.
Whoosh.
Whoosh.
[deleted]
**YUH!
**
#YAHAHA!
Someone needs to shut the damn window.
How about you semper DeEz NuTz.
Itgoesitgoesitgoesitgoesitgoesitgoesitgoesitgoes.
No u.
Semper fido.
I’m dead.
Overdosed on woosh.
Rah!
Whoosh.
/r/BoneAppleTea.
he comes to me with money in his hands.
Semper fidelis Tyrannosaurus!
Guillotiiiiiiiiiiiiine.
This is so delightful.
This must be true, all the Marines I know talk just like this.
^yesyes/s.
HE OFFERS ME, I DIDN'T ASK HIM.
Because in the Corps, they teach Marines the value of honor, discipline, and loving sempai so much that you have to kill all of America's enemies to keep sempai safe.
Sempre ubi sub-ubi?
It's even cringier this way, I'll let it slide.
Mine was a Venture Bros reference :]
Mine was Latin for 'Always wear underwear', roughly.
[¯\_(ツ)_/¯](https://imgur.com/Ht18jWq)
You found me!
CREAM CORN RAH.
Looks like they caught themself a yandere.
Good fuckin luck.
Sempi fer.
Sempi.
Ooh rah.
*jf.
"Sempai" is a more phonetically accurate romanization that you'll sometimes see.
The n sound together with a p sound (or a b or m sound) is pronounced closer to an m sound.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=G7RgN9ijwE4.
Notice me staff sgt.
Jesus I'm crying here!
Fuck that was funny.
I didn’t know this sub existed but I love it.
Thanks!
I burst out laughing at this I'm so glad I'm home alone with no one to he embarrassed in front of ...*tear drop*
I get it.
Dude is a rapper.
He makes up his own words.
It's like he didn't even read the post.
Fuckin hell why is this so fucking funny I’ve been  laughing for minutes now.
Pronunciation &lt; spelling.
What’s this reference chain about?
Shit song by the Death Grips called Guillotine.
I pictured it being screamed at a drill sergeant by a guy standing to attention.
I am the same.
From top comment down to here I am laughing loudly at each one.
I dont know why you all are so confused, i mean he says right in the post exactly what "sempi" is.
I visualized it like I was back in boot camp and a recruit actually said this to ssgt ream our Senior Drill Instructor.
It’s funny cause I’m thinking how it’s like a privates trying to prove to get his ssgt attention lmao.
Parent comment is Guillotine, we're memeing Beware thank you very much.
I dunno that song.
Just saw the first 2 comments and knew they were from that song.
I listened to it a few times a couple years ago in awe that someone could actually create something so awful and people would still buy it...
I hope the song y'all are referencing is better!
Hey man, I thought the same thing when I listened to them for the first couple times.
Now their my second favorite band.
Same with a lot of stuff I love now.
Sometimes you gotta be open minded and try things more than once.
Aw shit man I didn't know you liked them, my bad buddy.
Just not for me...
I guess.
I see a fellow who learned latin.
Nah.
I had a religious friend in high school who was learning it because he wanted to go to Seminary.
He taught me that once and it stuck for some reason.
Still nice to see some latin.
Dude went straight for the murder talk.
OP should probably get a ccw license.
Is it a dude?
I got the impression it was a girl/woman when they said they would kill all girls who talk to their sempi.
Either way, time to run.
[deleted]
Not even just girls, but the guy himself

fuck the what.
Title says "i'm HIS sempi"
Your reading comprehension skills are A+.
Assuming this is ops conversation?
I mean...
I use dude in a pretty gender neutral way.
Hell I call my wife dude sometimes.
But based on the title.
I can't tell lol.
Looks like they're trying to do a yandere thing.
Good Burger taught me that we’re all dudes.
I think it’s that when you say “(the) dude” it just inherently sounds like you’re talking about a guy for some reason 



I get it though, when you call someone a dude, girls included, it is generally gender neutral and wouldn’t come off as masculine as saying “The dude walked across the street”.
Yeah!
Dude went full yandere.
You never go full yandere.
Dude!
You.
Me.
Same.
And Bill and Ted taught me that we should be excellent to each other, and party on, dudes.
Yandere?
I've seen this mentioned several times.
What does it mean?
It's the type of character that seems cutesy and lovestruck right up until the object of their affection either doesn't acknowledge them or gets involved or admired by someone else, at which point they turn completely psychotic.
The title of the post implies that it's a male.
r/yandere.
[removed]
I went in there.
It was shadowy and it smelled weird and I still don't fucking understand any of it.
Also, here's [an overview](http://goboiano.com/the-14-popular-dere-types-in-every-anime/) of this and related tropes.
Ethan?
You re worthless.
It's a dude saying it to me lol he's just odd.
to anyone who is confused, sempi is shorthand for shrimp scampi.
Don’t order the shrimp scampi.
No it's shorthand for Seminol Pinto beans.
Are your kids texting about *shrip scampi?
*
No, that's sepin.
Sempi is short for Semper Fi.
God damn Bill Brasky.
Showers in vodka and feeds his babies shrimp scampi.
I approve this.
I know I'll kill any girl that looks at my shrimp.
I might even kill all my shrimp to be with them forever.
Wouldn't that be sempfi.
ok it's the short version of sempfi.
Don't order the sempi

Wait what

Do they want to eat OP?
Oh now that I know that it's short for shrimp I'm totally not confused now it makes total sense.
[deleted]
&gt;shrip.
I feel like they are talking about yandere simulator.
That's what the majority of 12 year old girls who just learned about the word senpai derive all their information from.
It's creator seems like the type to do that.
I Remember when it used to be Ouran High School Host club.
[deleted]
Sounds like you got a case of the lolis, my dude.
Isn't Onii-chan a kin to "brother" though?
In a lot of languages and their respective cultures, "big brother" can be used even when there is no blood relstionship.
It simply indicates an older male that you're relatively close to.
Some languages still have strong gender roles, so even if the female is older, she may refer to a male as "big brother", if the age gap is reasonable (like a short 24 year old female and a tall 20 year old male).
And in certain circumstances, a younger male might refer to an older female as "big sister".
Obviously this is more rare due to the mentioned gender roles, but also because it's pretty rude to directly imply that a woman is older than you if you're both of similar age.
Gimmie more information!
Yeah but why would it matter that LiNxRocker is engaged and somebody calls him onii-chan?
You have subscribed to Random Facts Human.
Did you know that hot water causes semen to coagulate and becone more difficult to clean?
It's full of protein, so much like cooking an egg, heat causes the protein strands to denature and tangle into a solid.
If you need to wash away semen, you should use cold water.
LiN is probably just misinformed.
It happens from time to time.
Saving lives, one fun fact at a time.
Dude it means big brother.
Don't why being engaged has anything to do with it.
You keep using that word.
I don't think it means what you think it means.
My wife's currently doing that with the word bukkake.
That's hilarious.
Make sure she never finds out.
Oh, no, she knows.
At least your daughter isn't using the C-word.
Cat?
Cologne?
Crack Cocaine?
How could someone use it in a sentence without knowing what that is?
?
If she does, make sure it's in person.
Cat.
Cat.
Cat.
Cat.
Cervical cap?
Uhhhhh, so in what context is *she* using it?
It’s a line from Bert Kreischer’s special.
This thread is how Joel pets cats.
Inconceivable!
Cookie?
?
Is the thread between his legs though?
AKA the fattest man in North America.
The fattest, most racist man in comedy, Burnt Crystals.
 And look at all that sweet karma he's getting from someone else's joke.
Credit Card?
I guess I'll be the only comment to acknowledge that it's from Bert Kreischer’s special.
They bukkaked me at the Chevy dealer yesterday....
Remind me to go next time instead.
Nerd alert.
Sadly not but i think he only does that w Joe the cat.
Somewhat related story, in Japanese *bukkakeru* is just a normal verb that means "to pour [something] over [something else]".
I was explaining a recipe to a Japanese woman once and had to use it in a real sentence.
While she found it completely normal and didn't bat an eye, I felt pretty awk about it.
Really tho.
What is the c word?
Did you ever teach her?
😂.

Summary: 
I think you mean sempi.
Dude it means big brother.
I might even kill all my shrimp to be with them forever.
I feel like they are talking about yandere simulator.
I know I'll kill any girl that looks at my shrimp.
Hell I call my wife dude sometimes.
I use dude in a pretty gender neutral way.
I don't think it means what you think it means.
I see a fellow who learned latin.
Same with a lot of stuff I love now.
You keep using that word.
Sempi is short for Semper Fi.
He makes up his own words.
I didn’t know this sub existed but I love it.
It's like he didn't even read the post.
It's a dude saying it to me lol he's just odd.
This must be true, all the Marines I know talk just like this.
Title says "i'm HIS sempi"
It's creator seems like the type to do that.
Sounds like you got a case of the lolis, my dude.
It happens from time to time.
I dont know why you all are so confused, i mean he says right in the post exactly what "sempi" is.
Looks like they caught themself a yandere.
to anyone who is confused, sempi is shorthand for shrimp scampi.
Looks like they're trying to do a yandere thing.
Dude went straight for the murder talk.
Aw shit man I didn't know you liked them, my bad buddy.
I figured they might have just had their definitions wrong ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
I hope the song y'all are referencing is better!
Not even just girls, but the guy himself

fuck the what.
HE OFFERS ME, I DIDN'T ASK HIM.
You never go full yandere.
