Original Response: 
Hello, I want to buy my wife a new gaming mouse.
Guild wars 2 is pretty much the main game she plays, so I thought I would come here for advice.
She mainly plays magic users (mage maybe?
), she has a bunch of different characters but I think they are all in the same vein.
She has mentioned to me before that she has a hard time getting enough actions out during a battle because she has to use the keyboard commands, which slows her down.
I guess I am looking for a mouse (usb or bluetooth) with a bunch of programmable extra buttons, a comfortable grip for a woman's hand, and less than about $100 AUD.
Does anyone use something similar that they could recommend?
EDIT: thanks everyone, I have ordered a g502.
We'll see i guess :)
Being a lady myself...
I have small hands and it was tough to find a mouse with thumb buttons that fit me well.
I found one that I absolutely love and can't imagine going without now.
The name is Red Dragon M901.
i wouldn't recommend someone with small hands one of these "mmo mouses" with huge amounts of side buttons on the side, these are often hard to reach in fast combats and can get uncomfortable over longer game periods.
Hijacking this to mention another good mouse for people with small hands: Steelseries Rival 500.
If you have normal sized hands I'm sure it'd work too since there are buttons on it I can't reach easily.
But I get easy access to 8 buttons which is enough for me.
Eh, you don't really need all the buttons for instantaenous actions.
I use a Naga but only use maybe 5 out of 12 buttons for combat oriented skills that need to be quick.
Other buttons are used for things like mount hotkeys and auto run toggle that aren't really important to be completely instant, but are still convenient to have at your thumb.
I\`m a very short woman and use a mouse with extra buttons but found myself using them only for stuff like interact and mounts, since using the keyboard is definitely faster with me - cause I can take several fingers for that, not just one \^\^
Looks good buttons are better arranged then these "MMO mouses" with this huge numpad keys on the side.
Also has one of the Pixart 3360 Optical Sensors and not a crappy laser one which most MMO mouses dent to have.
For actions less used like mounts, it's probably better to have these on keyboard and use a mouse with 1-2 fewer keys in favor of a more comfortable mouse   ...  but that depends on your use of course.
I use this mouse too!
I can't reach all of the buttons either but I also feel that I use enough to make the mouse worth it for me.
Can't recommend the rival 500 enough (:
Like I said, I have small hands and had a hard time finding a mouse with side buttons that fit my hands and felt comfortable.
I tried a lot of the other recommended mice on this thread (and others) and they were much too big for me (in stores and from friends etc.).
That's why I mentioned the mouse I found because I know it can be difficult when you want a good gaming mouse with side buttons.
It took a bit to get used to the side buttons but I've had no problem reaching the side buttons on this mouse.
In relaxed state it also feels comfortable which it definitely didn't on other mice.
It freed a lot of keys up on my keyboard that I struggled to reach before because of my hand size which is what was mentioned in the OP.
Now I'm sure my hand isn't the smallest hand on earth but I know they are smaller than average.
Don't see anything wrong with recommending it for that reason.
On top of that it's a solid mouse that has served me well so... not sure why you're so opposed to me recommending this mouse?
Beside, you can get it from Amazon so if it's too big you can always return.
Yeah, for GW2 I find it to be more than enough for the classes I play, My thumb can easily just slide down the three side buttons which is enough for utility 7-9 and the side button to the right of the right mouse click works well for an elite or special action.
And the button under the scroll wheel works for heal utility.
It takes a bit to get used to since you'll have to spread out the buttons, but it also makes it easier to ensure you clicked the right thing.
It's also very comfortable to hold for me which was a pleasant surprise.
When I went to the store to buy it I just showed my hands to the guy behind the counter and said "I have teeny tiny hands, do you know of a mouse that works?"
and he just smiled and said his favourite mouse would probably work well enough for me.
Which it did.
It helps to go to the actual store where you can get to hold the thing as well.

Summary: 
I use this mouse too!
Can't recommend the rival 500 enough (:
I have small hands and it was tough to find a mouse with thumb buttons that fit me well.
But I get easy access to 8 buttons which is enough for me.
Hello, I want to buy my wife a new gaming mouse.
and he just smiled and said his favourite mouse would probably work well enough for me.
