Original Response: 
As is their right, under our parliamentary system.
If the Liberals can't form a government, the PC's will be allowed to try to form a government.
I can't imagine the PA supporting the Liberals, and who knows what the Greens will do, so the PC's and the party of **anti-bilingual populists** will most likely join up to form a government in a couple of weeks.
Bolded because what the actual fuck.
Just a point of clarification: in NB we have 2 seperate healthcare systems, as well as French and English children not being permitted to use the same busses.
This adds a huge amount of waste and redundancy.
The idea is to have 1 healthcare system and ensure services are available in both languages.
[deleted]
Bathurst already does this with their hospital so I don’t see why this would be such a big deal.
It just makes good sense to have one bilingual institution to lower costs and increase communication (hopefully - as I’ve heard the relations between the two authorities are terrible).
&gt; French and English children not being permitted to use the same busses

So we've skipped past multiculturalism and bilingualism into straight up segregation.
WTF New Brunswick.
You’d be shocked how many pissy parents in this province support this.
Their identity is wrapped up in the fucking language they prefer.
I peeked at the electoral map, and holy shit the red areas are predominantly French (northern NB and Shediac-Mirimichi) while the blue are predominantly English (Moncton-Saint John-Fredericton), with some exceptions here and there.
That doesn't seem healthy.
&gt; You’d be shocked how many pissy parents in this province support this.
Yup, it's disgusting.
It's also funny to be stuck behind one of these  “ÉCOLIERS”, seeing all the kids disembarking and hearing them speak English.
Their kids have no interest in speaking French.
This is the way the vote has split for generations - if anything the past election with the super majority was the exception to the rule.
Anti-bilingualism also has been popular in NB because of the drain on the system (segregation of busses, schools, services) and what a lot of people view it as well as loss of opportunity in the workforce here mainly if you live in the southern anglo dominant parts since everything still requires french for promotion or good paying jobs (why kids leave NB for NS etc.)
- mainly due to this poor two educational systems in play for over 60 years yet our kids are getting less and less bilingual per generation (currently I believe a shrinking 17%).
But NB has always had an anti bilingualism party of some sort, [most famous being the COR](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Brunswick_Confederation_of_Regions_Party) and if you look who won for the PA you see some overlap of regions.
We're basically Balkans tier.
I'll get the accordion.
There's a saying in Federal elections that involves NB: "Whichever way NB goes, the country goes."
This is becuase we have such a divided population in:

- English-French

- Rural-Urban

- Rich-Middle Class-Poor

And that saying was very prevalent in yesterdays election.
- The English voted for the predominantly english party (PC)

- The french voted for the predominantly french party (LIB)

- The (mostly) rural english voters voted for the anti-french party (PA)

- The greens are the part that I can't figure out.
They have a riding in a city, but also 2 semi-rural areas.
- The NDP try to be LiberalLite, which really didn't work.
In the next federal election, I can see some of the rural ridings in the province returning Blue, maybe even Green becuase of provincial riding influence, but most of the city ridings will remain Red.
The NDP will gain zero traction in NB as they are not viewed well here.
And by all the kids you mean all 4 of them.
Miramichi city is mostly English and Moncton is mostly French.
Have you not listened to any American minority rights movement?
&gt; The (mostly) rural english voters voted for the anti-french party (PA)

They're not anti-French, they're looking to do away with "duality", namely dual-busing of students and the two separate health authorities.
They recognize that although NB is officially bilingual, only a 3rd of the pop.
is Francophone and are mostly concentrated in the north so requiring services to be bilingual a-la-carte is a financial burden.
Ahh that makes sense.
I apologise, I haven't been in NB for quite some time (BC for 3 years) and have heard they were anti-french.
Thank you for explaining!
The green won one riding that the PC's were previously looking to harvest natural gas from and there was a big stink.
Huh.
I've only driven through Mirimichi once, from Shediac.
Just assumed it was all Acadien along that route.
TIL.

Summary: 
Their kids have no interest in speaking French.
Miramichi city is mostly English and Moncton is mostly French.
The NDP will gain zero traction in NB as they are not viewed well here.
As is their right, under our parliamentary system.
And by all the kids you mean all 4 of them.
They have a riding in a city, but also 2 semi-rural areas.
You’d be shocked how many pissy parents in this province support this.
