Original Response: 
&gt; Students entering teacher education today are assessed carefully for their motivation and capacity for a teaching career before entry.
No they are not.
There is no "entrance interview".
&gt; They must demonstrate they have numeracy and literacy skills better than 70% of the population.
... because a lot of graduates were innumerate.
&gt; 70% of QLD teachers in 2016 possessed higher degrees in the field of education 

Its more like 20%.
I don't know there they got this from.
I'm a former teacher and quit after a year.
The bottom line is people who had a job before teaching, try teaching and go back to their previous job.
Turnover is very high, especially for teachers who have started teaching through a post-grad course rather than a B.Ed.
About 80% of these people quit in there first 5 years.
The schools don't care because places were deregulated in 2011 and there's a torrent of chumps to replace them.
There are far too many graduates.
New teachers are only offered temporary contracts so there is no incentive to stay.
The behaviour of kids in government schools is absolutely appalling.
I had my car tyres slashed &amp; people were fighting during exams.
The main skill is acting like a prison warden.
A senior teacher told me most  most permanent staff wanted to leave.
Just look at the [Testing Teachers](https://www.sbs.com.au/ondemand/video/914818115950/testing-teachers) program on SBS.
"Determined to get off to a good start, the defiant behaviour of their students is a rude awakening and it's not long before their classes unravel."
The oppositional defiant and disruptive behaviour happens in just about every class in government schools.
Students with lowest entry scores are offered places in teaching degrees

http://www.abc.net.au/news/2018-09-18/students-lowest-atar-scores-teaching-degree-offers-secret-report/10200666

&gt; Students with lowest ATAR scores being offered places in teaching degrees: secret report.
&gt;There is no "entrance interview".
It's written and part of the application.
You usually have to do something similar before they'll send you on prac as well.
The story about the ATARs is a beat up too.
There are a few alternative entry programs for all degrees.
They pick up students from demographics that are statistically let down by the school system, e.g.
Indigenous students.
They have alternative methods of determining whether or not students are capable of doing well in their prospective degrees.
In some uni's those methods might be half-arsed, but where I work we are very serious about not setting potential students up to fail.
there is an accreditation interview at the end of your degree.
might be different in qld but this was definitely true 5 years ago in nsw.
&gt; It's written and part of the application.
Not in QLD.
&gt; They have alternative methods of determining whether or not students are capable of doing well in their prospective degrees.
How do you do that?
I have done some private tutoring of education students.
One indigenous quit the course because of literacy issues, and I completed assignments for the other.
There is no interview at any stage in QLD.
But I will accept that there are probably  systemic problems in education here that are not in other states.
Before the Australian Curriculum came in force,  I wrote lesson plans based on NSW curriculum because the QLD curriculum was dumbed down.
&gt;It's written and part of the application.
Not in SA either.
&amp;#x200B;

Edit: There was no entry requirements apart from having a degree (no matter how old either).
Source: I also left teaching.
My experience is in nsw.
The article is written by teacher educators in qld though, so I'm gonna assume they're not lying about assessing motivation.
At my uni we have a combo of literacy/numeracy testing and entrance interview.
Also intensive summer courses that students must pass to get in, or for some others a year long version of that.
I can't talk for wherever you went - I'm pretty sure there are other places with less resources than us who might have less rigorous methods.
The result would be a poor retention rate.
Ours is slightly above mainstream.
Why the fuck would you be doing you're student's homework?!
If you were an education student you should have known better.
The right thing to do would be to bring it up with the student support officer responsible for organising the tutoring.
&gt; Why the fuck would you be doing you're student's homework?!
$60 per hour.
She's a beautician studying a tertiary prep course before a B.Ed.
Her boyfriend is a PE teacher.
I get the feeling that QLD is out of step  with NSW.
It felt like a culture shock working for Education QLD, it was decades behind.
In one school I had to carry data projectors because there were not enough for all the classrooms.
&gt; $60 per hour

ha!
if they drop out or stop coming to tutor appointments your income dries up (i was in ITAS tutor as an undergrad as well)... fair enough I guess - you followed the perverse incentive the contracting system sets up.
&gt; The bottom line is people who had a job before teaching, try teaching and go back to their previous job.
Turnover is very high

so it's almost like the article says: the problems are with the system, not the teachers.
&gt;The behaviour of kids in government schools is absolutely appalling.
I had my car tyres slashed &amp; people were fighting during exams.
The main skill is acting like a prison warden.
A senior teacher told me most  most permanent staff wanted to leave.
&amp;#x200B;

This.
So much this.
I've seen a kid literally kicking teachers (in a 10-minute long attempt to kick another kid who was hiding behind the teachers).
One teacher called the parents.
That was it.
If teachers are unable to act even in self-defence, then there are two questions:  
\# how can there be any discipline in class at all?
\# why would anyone enter a profession where self-defence is not allowed?
We need to remove the "child-care" like aspect of teaching.
Mis-behaviour needs to fall back on the parents, not on the poor teachers and the rest of the class.
&gt; I've seen a kid literally kicking teachers

and [fighting](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZjdZ9jDU5I&amp;t=50).
This is normal behaviour in Australia, not an aberration.
It becomes apparent why Australia is falling behind on the [PISA rankings](https://www.acer.org/ozpisa/key-findings).
Here's the trend over 15 years:
https://www.acer.org/files/Australian_achievement_trends.svg

The maths result is down from 525 to 495.
The curriculum is OK, the teachers are teaching it, but  aussie kids want to muck up and don't want to learn.
There is for Unisa's program and there's a mandatory exam now on completion for registration.
I'd disagree somewhat:
&gt; The curriculum is OK, 

The maths curriculum has gone downhill IMHO.
For example, learning the times tables is no longer required.
Kids are taught alternate "strategies".
Frankly, if you don't have up to 10 times tables, then you can't do maths.
&gt; the teachers are teaching it, 

In my experience (limited), teachers are not in the top 70% of Australians for maths.
&gt; but aussie kids want to muck up and don't want to learn

Not entirely.
Most kids are good.
But all it takes is one or two to ruin the classroom entirely.
And there appears to be nothing that can be done about that.
One related point is that most kids (and people) these days are used to instant gratification.
Long, slow projects are too hard.
&gt; For example, learning the times tables is no longer required.
Its one of the first things I test in private tutoring, along with clock reading.
If needed, I also give them documents on algebra, factoring, etc which I tell parents they must complete.
Last week I had a very bright tutoring student tell me she did not know what an "equation" meant.
I finished a maths degree 35 years ago and do things the old fashioned way.
I expect them to know what a mathematical proof is and age-appropriate elements of group theory ie real numbers for a [field](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field_\(mathematics\)) and there are ways to solve equations in a field.
&gt; No they are not.
There is no "entrance interview".
It probably varies state to state, but in NSW you absolutely cannot become an accredited teacher if you do not do your [suitability interview with the Department of Education](https://teach.nsw.edu.au/find-teaching-jobs/teaching-qualification-check/apply-for-approval-to-teach)
"Frankly, if you don't have up to 10 times tables, then you can't do maths."
I disagree.
I never bothered learning times tables and was top of my class in maths.
Went on to do 4 unit and did quite respectably.
Frankly, I think that times tables are probably useful for slower kids, but at most will save a few seconds time while going very basic maths.
Edit: spelling.
The benefits of memorising times-tables are not so much about multiplying numbers as about knowing the factors of numbers.
From year 7 onwards, students needs to know factors so that they can simplify fractions.
From year 9 or 10 onwards, students are expected to be able to factorise quadratic expressions.
If you don't know your times tables, it is extremely difficult to do that.
I don't know anything about you, so I'm not sure what you have or have not learnt; but I do know that students who don't know their times tables reasonably well have a lot bigger problems than just losing a few seconds on basic maths.
I think you proved my point about the curriculum going downhill.
Returning to QLD after 3 years away this week.
There certainly used to be a suitability interview and portfolio examination at graduation for qld college of teachers accreditation and the right to teach.
You should be on that subreddit about people who are really smart.
Actually when you apply through QTAC you now have to attached a written statement about why you want to be a teacher.
&gt; learning the times tables is no longer required.
I don't have a problem with people being rote taught things like times tables.
The real problem comes into being when kids start to be creative with algorithms.
Basic numeracy itself is fairly decent.
So, I'd argue that it isn't the lack of being able to rote learn tables that is the real problem here.
&gt; Kids are taught alternate "strategies"

Kids are taught complimentary strategies that more accurately reflect process instead of some short cut process that doesn't really make sense.
&gt; Most kids are good.
Most kids are good but they are often enforced and re-enforced that their teachers aren't competent and/or that their teachers are teaching them things that aren't relevant or useful.
Oh sorry, I meant it happened to a friend of a friend of mine.
Obviously not me, because an anecdote of mine relating to the topic would just be arrogant.
The purpose of times tables is to train imbeciles to count change so that they can be employed in the service sector.
They have no application whatsoever to higher mathematics.
&gt; From year 9 or 10 onwards, students are expected to be able to factorise quadratic expressions.
Not so.
They are required to understand "find x using a set of rote memorised rules".
Understanding what a quadratic is would be nice, but is very much optional in the public system.
Universities now much have to reteach trigonometry and calculus from scratch because Australian highschools are useless.

Summary: 
&gt; No they are not.
I don't know there they got this from.
&gt; Most kids are good.
There is no "entrance interview".
&gt; learning the times tables is no longer required.
I have done some private tutoring of education students.
One teacher called the parents.
There is no interview at any stage in QLD.
I'm a former teacher and quit after a year.
Kids are taught alternate "strategies".
Source: I also left teaching.
&gt; It's written and part of the application.
Frankly, if you don't have up to 10 times tables, then you can't do maths.
"Frankly, if you don't have up to 10 times tables, then you can't do maths."
There are a few alternative entry programs for all degrees.
I don't have a problem with people being rote taught things like times tables.
The behaviour of kids in government schools is absolutely appalling.
If you were an education student you should have known better.
I get the feeling that QLD is out of step  with NSW.
&gt; For example, learning the times tables is no longer required.
