Original Response: 
I was born and raised Christian, my parents have very conservative, traditional values and it’s all I knew growing up.
I’ve been saved, baptized, recommitted my life, and prayed countless times for god to save me, but it never felt real.
I wanted so badly to feel saved and like God was with me, but it never happened.
When I was a kid I would be up at night crying because I thought I did something wrong.
I don’t think I can ever truly be a Christian now that I’m older.
Having spent most of my life in different churches, and with a family who’s life revolves around god, I can firmly say that it’s not for me.
What frustrates me the most is that I can’t express these feelings to my family.
I can’t have a civil debate or talk about the way I feel without my mom or dad getting mad at me and starting a fight.
The Christians I know seem so closed minded, and can’t allow someone to question their religion.
What good is anything that doesn’t allow you to ponder on it and try to understand it in your own way.
I’m not even sure why I posted this.
I’ll probably be met with the same cristisism I always face, but I’m just so tired of it.
Their firm pressure and forcing me to follow their beliefs has only pushed me farther away.
I haven’t stepped foot in a church a single time since I moved away from home, and I don’t see myself ever going back.
This reminds me of one of my favorite CS Lewis quotes: 

 "When a young man who has been going to church in a routine way honestly realises that he does not believe in Christianity and stops going—provided he does it for honesty’s sake and not just to annoy his parents—the spirit of Christ is probably nearer to him then than it ever was before."
\- C.S.
Lewis 

&amp;#x200B;

I think this is common experience.
A lot people can't hold on to the same notions of god that they had as children, especially when it was somewhat force fed down their throats.
Most people need to come to a fuller and more deep understanding on God, and that is usually a very personal and round about process.
If a good long bout of atheism or agnosticism helps facilitate that, well then its probably a good thing.
I thought this was a well put together response.
Dang, C.S.
Lewis is great!
I had the same thing as a kid/teen.
Now I'm back here.
I’m experiencing this kind of too.
My dads church just isn’t the place for me.
I never feel like I belong there.
It’s a very stuck up upper middle class church.
It was miserable being forced to go to the youth activities.
The kids were stuck up ass holes.
Couldn’t make a single friend.
They treated it like high school hang out time and I wasn’t invited.
Not a shocker they all don’t attend anymore.
I still go there every Sunday just to make my dad happy.
I don’t listen to the sermons.
My mother is a whole different story and just a disaster.
I haven’t had the best time with Christianity.
I still pray every night.
Yeah he has lots of great stuff, really fun reading him.
Yeah, there's an ugly strain of entitlement, superiority, and cliquishness that runs through a lot of "well to do" churches.
It severely turned me off of church when I encountered it as a child.
Thank you!
I forgot about this post while I was at work, but I really like and appreciate your response.
I have tried so hard to convey that religion isn’t the number 1 priority in my life right now since I have a lot of other things going on in my life, but that isn’t enough for my family.
To them it’s God first no matter what all day everyday, or I’m doomed to hell.
I just want to be able to find myself in my own way, not being forced to do so.
Now I’m only a freshman in college, but when it comes to my views as a Christian I’m a firm believer that as with everyone in the world being unique, every single relationship with God is unique.
There is no one way to follow him, and to love him.
And a lot of people believe that it is this fixed thing, and I just don’t see how that can be the case.
And also, God knows your troubles, if you can’t make it to church, or you don’t want to go to church, I also believe that he’s chill with that.
Again there’s no just single way to be a believer.
And generally the people who are closed minded about this, shouldn’t be anyways, because they shouldn’t be judging you and your actions.
Only God should be able to judge that.
Thank you, really glad I was able to help.
Same and this happened many years ago, a toxic church made me atheist again and leaving my family a horrible aftertaste.
Thanks God I found him again and my family enjoy a healthy church life at a new place.

Summary: 
I had the same thing as a kid/teen.
I don’t listen to the sermons.
I never feel like I belong there.
I haven’t had the best time with Christianity.
I’m not even sure why I posted this.
I still pray every night.
I just want to be able to find myself in my own way, not being forced to do so.
Only God should be able to judge that.
