Original Response: 
Can't be worse than the abomination called Canada Post.
Someone's never had to use Purolator...
Canada post used to be amazing, but that was before the massive funding cuts under Harper.
It sure looked good on the budget for that year, but now everyone is paying for it with reduced service as less people did more work across the board.
Which is owned by Canada Post...
Have you ever had to use FedEx or UPS?
It’s like quadruple the cost for the same / worse service somehow.
I’ve never had any major issues with CP, aside from the usual lazy driver, etc, but that’s the same with all couriers IMHO.
Isn't Canada Post a crown corporation funded by its operations?
I can't find anything about funding cuts.
What's really annoying is now they fucking deliver your package then send a bill in the mail for duty fees, which all seem to have gone up lately.
What ever happened to paying all that shit when you're making the purchase.
Canada Revenue Agency used to be amazing, but that was before the massive funding cuts under Harper.
It sure looked good on the budget for that year, but now everyone is paying for it with reduced service as less people did more work across the board.
Sadly swapping post with revenue Agency and it fits Aswell.
91 percent owned by Canada Post, oh how things are.....
Lazy driver.. I’d love to see your rationale for that..
That's CBSA (customs) and/or the seller's fault, Canada Post doesn't have anything to do with duty prices.
They pay the duty at the border to clear your package, and then send you the bill to reimburse them.
There are some vendors on eBay, etc.
that will include duty/tax in the purchase price, but otherwise it's a crapshoot whether or not you'll get flagged at customs.
Sometimes you get lucky and don't have to pay, but when you do they go by whatever the seller put down as the declared value of the product.
I've dealt with that before.
I [unknowingly at first] got swept into a class action lawsuit about those kinds of fees.
As far as I understand, they were fees above the CBSA fees.
Years of overcharges by one of those other delivery companies.
Never CP, mind.
I believe the funding cuts were in reference to the changes to community boxes over home delivery.
This would have allowed them to basically let a bunch of people go, since it is much quicker to drop mail off in one of those than walking to each individual house.
and then back to the vehicle.

Summary: 
Which is owned by Canada Post...
Canada post used to be amazing, but that was before the massive funding cuts under Harper.
I can't find anything about funding cuts.
Can't be worse than the abomination called Canada Post.
