Original Response: 
[removed]
I actually feel bad for you OP.
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
Thanks it's disgusting lol.
Also.
How did you even get in the habit of using a pour spout constantly and not closing it?
It's a glass jar with a metal pour spout screwed on top with no cover at all.
Just a metal open straw.
It's basically a disaster waiting to happen.
It was a house warming gift from my mom about a year ago.
Ohhhh okay my bad.
I thought it was one of those fancy ones that can close\open.
No such luck lol.
Hope you feel better OP.
It's common to use those for oils which are less likely to attract proteins.
Feel better!
You accidentally sent up a bug trap.
Whenever I have issues with fruit flies I take an empty bottle, add some vinegar, and then roll a piece of paper into a funnel shape and stick it in the mouth of the bottle.
Flies are attracted to the vinegar, so they crawl in through the paper funnel, but then they can’t get back out and eventually die.
Thanks I'm a little better than yesterday.
What the heck is an itilian?
A type of [hoagie.
](https://imgur.com/a/zZoyb78)
a misspelled Italian.
He eats Italian people.
What the heck is a hoagie?
Which is a type of sub

Which is a type of long bun sandwich.
[Delicious.
](https://imgur.com/a/zZoyb78)
I was going to ask this same thing.
They're delicious.
What the heck is delicious?
Only if eaten al dente.
#de·li·cious

dəˈliSHəs/

adjective

highly pleasant to the taste.
"delicious home-baked brown bread"

synonyms: delectable, mouthwatering, appetizing, 
tasty, flavorful, toothsome, palatable.
What the heck is taste?
["Taste" is a single by American rapper Tyga.
It was released on May 16, 2018 for streaming and digital download by Last Kings Music and Empire Distribution.
The song was produced by D. A. Doman and includes a guest appearance from American rapper Offset.
The single has peaked at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his first chart entry in three years.
It is notably the second highest charting single of his career as a lead artist, behind "Rack City" from 2011.
](https://youtu.be/LjxulQ1bEWg)
Twice?
Definitely misspelled it.

Summary: 
What the heck is delicious?
What the heck is taste?
What the heck is a hoagie?
What the heck is an itilian?
I actually feel bad for you OP.
Hope you feel better OP.
