Original Response: 
I've had my CBR600RR for 4 years now and rode an FZ6 for a couple years before that but I've never taken either to a track.
My main concern is giving it too much throttle and high-siding on a corner exit.
Would it be worth selling my current bike to get something like a Ninja 300/400, or is traction loss not a huge problem with 600s?
FWIW the CBR600RR is the weakest 600 in terms of power but it's still more than double what the 400 has.
And I've got ABS, so at least there's that...
bro what if youve been riding your 600 for year why would you be scared when youre on a closed course lol.
50% because I don't want to total the bike and 50% because I don't want to total my body.
I don't ride on the street like it's a track so I don't have a ton of practice taking corners at 100+.
what makes you think that you wont get hurt if you fly off on a 300/400 dude.
stop drinking this dumb ass subreddits kool aid a 600 is fine especially if youve been riding that 600 for years.
also if you dont want to total your bike dont push yourself past your limits.
just take your time no one is going to fault you for coming in last.
If you are worried about the bike you should pick up a cheap bike and make it a track bike.
I think it'd be pretty hard to break the rear loose by giving a 300 too much throttle.
Not sure it would even have enough power to do it unless you're practically dragging elbow already.
Yeah that's pretty much what I'm trying to decide.
If not I'll at least get sliders and some cheap fairings for my current bike.
Not sure it'd do much but it's better than nothing.
And you won't be doing that your first days out anyway.
You'll be out there... and some coach on a 300 will come tear assing past you because you weighed anchor two seconds before the first braking marker.
Like all riding, it's an evolution.
And any TD org with the money you give it will have you out on that first day, in some controlled structure.
Trust me... you're more likely to lose the front end than the rear.
You'll still trash a smaller bike.
There's a reason a lot of people own 250/300's, and jesus, the SV650's.
It's fun to take a "slow" bike to the track and learn to ride it fast, plus you don't need to worry about totally your "good bike".
If you're worried about messing up the 600, pick up a cheapie to ride the crap out of.
Yeah, there's something to be said about dominating on a kawisaki ninja 250.
&gt;I think it'd be pretty hard to break the rear loose by giving a 300 too much throttle.
Harder.
Not hard.
If you ride within your limits, have proper tire pressures and listen to instructors there's no reason you should expect to crash.
Also, I wouldn't expect to be taking corners at 100 during your first track day.
Take it easy and learn the basics.
&gt; I don't ride on the street like it's a track so I don't have a ton of practice taking corners at 100+.
so don't do that until you're comfortable, work up to it.
I dont consider the SV to be "slow"
As a track bike, absolutely not...they can be a fast little bugger.
I was comparing them to a 600/1000 or something that most would consider a "fast" bike.
The 650 would be my choice if I were going to put together a track bike.
[deleted]
Trust me, you can.
I’ve done it.
After the warm up laps too.
Saved it by keeping it up with my knee.
The reason to go 300 on a track is to save money/learn quicker cause the slower pace gives you more time to think and correct mistakes.
Don’t worry about losing the rear.
The front is gonna wash out on you before the rear will most likely.
Oh ya you're right about that.
SVs get destroyed on straights by 600s but its the torque coming out of corners that gives it the advantage imo :)
Username checks out.
On a similar note I feel this sub has a huge influx of new riders that think that everyone is going to crash and crash multiple times, like it's an inevitability or a release of liability.
Fucking work on your tech, ride within your limits and don't fucking crash.
Rules of Track Riding:

1) Don't track a bike you aren't afraid to lose.
Buy a cheap secondary if you want to track but are afraid to lose your main.
2) Injuries on tracks tend to be less severe than on public roads.
This is because you're forced to wear a full set of race-level gear and there few things to actually collide with.
Most track incidents are relatively benign slides.
I completely agree, if you get a good Ryder on a 650 they're going to be well ahead coming out of just about every corner.
The problem is if you're on the 650 you better hope this straightaway is short , LOL.
Because that's 600 is coming.
I literally could not agree more.
It is not inevitable that you crash nor is it guaranteed that you won't.
I myself laid down my f4i the first day I got it due to a careless person on their phone who decided to drive directly at me in my neighborhood.
My dad on the other hand has been riding for 40 years and just laid his bike down for the first time last year from losing his footing on his bagger in the driveway.
Just because it's a 250 doesn't mean it won't get damaged in the event of a crash, and it also doesn't mean you won't whisky throttle it and crash into a wall.
You and the bike can get hurt from anything.
Then start slow or go buy a shit bike and take that to the track.

Summary: 
Like all riding, it's an evolution.
I dont consider the SV to be "slow"
so don't do that until you're comfortable, work up to it.
You and the bike can get hurt from anything.
I literally could not agree more.
Because that's 600 is coming.
Don’t worry about losing the rear.
And you won't be doing that your first days out anyway.
Also, I wouldn't expect to be taking corners at 100 during your first track day.
I was comparing them to a 600/1000 or something that most would consider a "fast" bike.
