Original Response: 
[deleted]
Thank you, we are often so blinded in the West to not even realize these things are going on.
I want to be a missionary to the Middle East, please pray for the courage to do so, even with autism/ptsd.
God bless you.
Based on some of your other comments you would be extraordinarily unwelcome among the Christians there.
Keep in mine there is a large presence of Christian's there.
The Orthodox and catholic churches need support, so If you go, support them and their efforts.
I'll move right now to an Orthodox church like in Russia.
I'm selective mute and can only talk to other believers I trust (abused as a child so I have this weird terror that comes over me from strangers who might lie and use me to be a predator).
I just wnat to study the Bible and serve people around others who LOVE God.
I'd love to never speak again but in talking about God/Scriptures.
I have disability but I'm in a room alone 24/7, I don't know any humans in person.
This is reddit though, I am actually mute and disabled in a bed 24/7.
Thank you for your honesty, but that really destroyed my feelings.
Well I’m very sorry but you’ve said some rather nasty things about the communion of saints, which would be unwelcome over there.
I'm sorry, can you clarify what I said?
I want to repent and apologize if I was wrong.
I just had a friend beaten to death and I've been upset and it's not fair to be mean to others here, please forgive me.
Do you mean in a Catholic sense?
If so I believe we might be talking about 2 different https://www.gotquestions.org/communion-of-the-saints.html.
"The communion of the saints refers to believers in the past, believers in the present, and believers in the years to come sharing a common salvation in our Savior the Lord Jesus Christ."
Do you have any links to help me understand your point of view?
I really am sorry I offended you :(  I hate myself sometimes, I HATE autism.
I’m very sorry to hear about your friend and I shall pray for their soul.
You made a few comments, but for simplicity’s sake I will address them all here.
You said a day or so ago that you worship God alone, and that’s good practice, but you commented it on a thread of an icon of St Nicholas.
This implies a belief that Catholics/Orthodox worship saints and idols, which is far from true.
We believe that they are not dead, but alive in Christ.
They are in a sense more alive that us, since in heaven they are without sin.
As they are alive, we ask them to pray for us to God.
Everything is directed at God.
The saints magnify the glory of God by being examples in life of His Grace and His power.
In the Epistle of Saint James it’s shown that the prayer of a righteous man availeth much, and who could be more righteous than the people in heaven?
There are even special words for the distinction between their treatment and God’s.
Saints receive *dulia*, meaning veneration, whereas God receives *latria*, meaning worship.
All the Apostolic Churches share this view; Catholic, Coptic, and Orthodox.
[Here](https://www.catholic.org/encyclopedia/view.php?id=10364) is a handy explanation of what Apostolic Christianity believes.
I’d be wary of websites pike gotquestions.org, they’re very anti-Catholic.
It’s always better to learn what people believe from the people themselves, rather than what other people think they believe.
Thank you so much for that helpful information.
I might disagree with some things, but I want us to be united in Christ for sure.
I know I'm wrong on many issues, I don't know the Bible that well or Church History, only what I've learned around me.
I apologize for being rude or prideful.
I'll take the time to pray for wisdom and read what you have provided.
Please accept my apology, I confess and repent for that.
I don't want to be anti-Catholic AT ALL.
You’re absolutely forgiven, don’t worry brother.
thank you, I think God just showed me some pride I needed to get rid of.
I need to really see what other Christians believe and not make it red team vs blue team.
Thank you for helping me to realize this.

Summary: 
I apologize for being rude or prideful.
I'm sorry, can you clarify what I said?
I want to repent and apologize if I was wrong.
Thank you for helping me to realize this.
Everything is directed at God.
I don't want to be anti-Catholic AT ALL.
We believe that they are not dead, but alive in Christ.
