Original Response: 
So that dad wasn’t really into riding or he has another daily ride?
I never really get those guys.
Daily rides an GS500 (Or drives in winter), the CBX absolutely chugs the fuel being a 6 pot.
Thanks for your reply.
I suppose fuel in Germany is quite expensive.
I have a Hayabusa and BMW 1200.
As fuel gets more expensive the big pot bikes will get ridden less often.
Due to running costs.
I’m keeping mine in n mint condition as they will eventually become collectors items just like your photo.
👍.
Oh yeah that area was expensive, so was the Netherlands, nearly 1.80Eur/liter!
Makes me glad my 250 was good on fuel though, managed to get away with only filling up in Belgium where it's about 1.30/liter.
Should have filled up in Luxembourg ;)
I totally would have, a hell of a detour though.
Damn!
That's over $8/gl.
Crazy.
Yeah Europe is soo expensive with fuel.
I miss Aussie fuel prices...could fill up my GS500 with less than an hours worth of minimum wage work.
Jesus christ and i got upset when gas hit 2.80 a gallon a while back.
I really envy US fuel prices, even felt cheap af despite visiting from Australia during shitty exchange rates.
for comparison: Currently, where I live (in germany, I mean), a liter of normal Fuel is going for 1,35€ to 1,58€.
Filling up my Marauder used to be about 14 Euros, now it´s close to 15€ for a whole load.
Not much difference, but if you ride a lot, you definitely feel that it became more expensive.
I´m Lucky my Marauder takes less than 3 liters per 100km.
I can get up to 500km with just a single 15€ Fuel Tank.
I feel sorry for people with bigger engines, especially mutliple cylinders.
I do about than 200 km on a full tank... it adds up quickly!
It’s a good thing I’m not paying European prices for fuel...
They're also not really that good to ride.
Stock, the suspension was bad, brakes were iffy and they don't handle very well at all.
There is nowhere on the planet where fuel is so expensive it justifies owning a bike that you ride less than 60kms per year.
Holy shit.
In my part of Canada I'm currently paying the equivalent of 0.98 Euro/liter.
And everyone here, myself included, thing it's crazy high lately.
I can't imagine how anyone can afford to drive while paying that much for fuel.
Small engines.
I have a 1.6L diesel - it's pretty average here.
I think the current price for diesel is around €1.52/L.
My CB600F gets an average of around 6 liters / 100km.
My tank takes around 15 litres to the brim and I get between 230 \~ 250km / tank of fuel.
Where I live gas is around 1,20€ \~ 1,50€, depending on the gas station.
damn, 1,80?
Where do you get your gas?
I haven't reached 1,70 (yet)
This was down in Limburg, to be fair I wasn't paying attention to too many petrol stations as I didn't need to fill up, but the times that I saw them they are about 1.75-1.80/L  for 95.
I wonder if it has weird handling characteristics because of the placement and size of the engine along with all that spinning mass.
Apparently it just feels heavy and harder to lean, which makes sense, sadly I didn't get a chance to give it a ride otherwise I'd be able to go into more depth.
They definitely handled poorly.
Neat bikes, but they stopped building them after a few years for a reason.
They absolutely handle like shit.
No joke.
Worst bike ive ever ridden.
Saved by the symphony coming out the 6 to 1.
I'm not sure how that heavily modified bike would ride, but the stock ones are just fine.
You can replace the old nylon pivot bushings with rollers, modern rear shocks, even get new forks if you wanna go crazy.
There's a guy in Georgia who sells all kinds of parts for these and he races one in a stock frame with some custom suspension.
It's not gonna handle as nice as most anything modern, but it will cut a road up more than fast enough for me.
&gt;Neat bikes, but they stopped building them after a few years for a reason.
Yeah, they were expensive.
As soon as the CB1100F came out (followed by the VF1000F), Honda had a bike that weighed less, made more power, cost less to build, easier to maintain, etc.
They never thought that the 6 cylinder was gonna stay around forever.
Honda in the late 70's was just getting weird with it.
&gt;I wonder if it has weird handling characteristics because of the placement

No.
It's simply because the frame is inadequate for the weight and power.
&gt;Yeah, they were expensive.
This.
At the time, the Suzuki GS1000 was just as fast, lighter, simpler, cheaper, handled and stopped better and was easier to service.
But guess which bike people value higher now?
&gt;They absolutely handle like shit.
Agree 100%.
Only thing worse than the handling is the braking.
272 kg is a lot on a top heavy bike.
Damn!

Summary: 
Where do you get your gas?
I never really get those guys.
I suppose fuel in Germany is quite expensive.
I can get up to 500km with just a single 15€ Fuel Tank.
Yeah Europe is soo expensive with fuel.
I have a Hayabusa and BMW 1200.
They absolutely handle like shit.
I have a 1.6L diesel - it's pretty average here.
&gt;They absolutely handle like shit.
Honda in the late 70's was just getting weird with it.
I think the current price for diesel is around €1.52/L.
