Original Response: 
Pierre Dorion apparently turned it down.
Wants to maximize return.
lol well turning that down is surely going to minimize his return to absolute zero when Karlsson just plays the year out and signs elsewhere then.
Maybe he's hoping to gain some leverage from the trade deadline.
But that's a risky move for sure.
To be fair, the pieces still could’ve been underwhelming.
Three bottom six guys, three meh prospects, and a pick aren’t worth Karlsson.
Maybe he's banking on a team like the Bruins, who've had a very deep system the last few years, to be willing to move an established player, 1-3 good upside prospects, and draft picks at the deadline if anyone becomes expendable up front and EK is the missing piece.
I agree that it's a huge gamble but the market for teams who'll be able to do something like that will be mindbogglingly small.
Remember when this was said about Sakic/Duchene.
I would love to see him on the Bruins if the trade was good, and not stupid.
But we don't even know what was offered so how can we assume turning it down was a mistake?
Just because it was 6 pieces doesn't mean it was 6 good pieces.
Dorion is playing the long con, in he's going to get conned, then canned.
Nope.
Just nope.
None for you.
Please no.
what happened to Duchene again?
He got traded for amazing value.
[deleted]
Yeah, well Sakic had 2+ years to work with when he started trying to trade Duchene, and got a deal done a year and a half out.
Karlsson has to be traded within the next 7 months or he walks for nothing.
The thing with this is Karlsson holds all the cards here.
He's a year away from UFA where he can make the decision to go to any team that wants to sign him with money but may also not have the pieces to try to make a trade work.
For example, if he wants to go to Tampa and they can make it work financially but they also don't want to give up pieces like Sergachev then he can just wait and go there.
If Dallas is a team that's willing to make the trade the team wants but it's reliant on an extension, well maybe Dallas isn't the best destination for Karlsson long term.
They're still not really a playoff team (no offence to Dallas).
The whole basis of this big return is based on Karlsson signing an extension with the respective team that is willing to trade, but it doesn't necessarily mean that he will want to sign an extension with the teams that are actively trying to make a trade with the Senators.
At this point in the game, Karlsson can do whatever he likes and he's not just going to sign with whatever club available so Ottawa can get the biggest return when he's not even a year away from making that decision himself.
He doesn't give a shit about Ottawa's return for him.
That's why the maximized return thing could end up screwing the club itself, but it's a risk Dorion is willing to take.
Come trade deadline if he's not going to re-sign in Ottawa then they're going to have to settle with whatever the best thing at the deadline is, and if that's not even close to what they want it's kinda too bad.
Either they take it or walk.
Worked out well for Sakic, but doesn't mean it always works out well.
Also helps that Duchene had 2 years, and this trade is reliant on an extension.
[deleted]
2+  years to work with on Duchene's contract, not 2+ years to trade him.
He was being shopped at the deadline in 2017 when he had 2 years and a bit left on his contract.
Even if Dorion started shopping him 8 months ago, Karlsson only had a year and a bit on his contract left.
The difference in term is the argument, not the amount of time either spent trying to trade their respective player.
[deleted]
But you're arguing different points.
Blaze was saying that it helped that Duchene had 2+ years term on his contract, not that Sakic was trying to move him for 2+ years.
Whether Dorion has a year and a half or not, Karlsson still has less term on his contract than Duchene did when he was being shopped.
Or just end up pulling a NYI and not getting anything for him when he walks.
I strongly disagree with this.
Maximum return went out the window a year ago.
Let's say it's Dallas...you are telling me Pitlick, Johns, a 2nd, a 3rd, Gurianov, and John Nyberg isn't a good offer for EK??
But it's 6 pieces!!
!
I wouldn't be waiting much longer if I were him.
He has no leverage.
Every team in the league could make him wait for the deadline where if they're out of it, he almost assuredly goes to free agency assuming they don't accept that they have to be taken for a ride on this deal.
I disagreed with you guys getting Tavares, but here we are.
Sakic isn't Dorion.
The team could also be a team Karlsson might be known not to want re-sign at, which would mean the conditional picks would be worthless.
Maybe Dorion spoke to Karlsson first, and Karlsson said he didn't want to sign there.
We don't have enough information to have any kind of opinion on whether Dorion should have or shouldn't have accepted this offer.
We know there was a 6 piece offer made with conditional picks on karlsson signing long term, and it was rejected.
That's it.
That, to me, makes it seem likely that it was the picks that had most of the weight in the deal.
So the prospects were likely not very good, the roster players either.
Those would have been 4 players for Karlsson for a year, basically.
It seems that way, anyway.
Leave Pitlick alone.
:( He's just trying to make it in this world.
Yes, when Duchene made it clear he wanted a trade he still had 2+ years left on his contract.
Sakic wasn't under the fire as much as Dorian because he at least had a little time to listen to offers.
Karlsson's situation happened with only a year left on the contract and Dorian has a literal deadline to do something next season.
He's in a much stickier situation.
I don't see why someone would confuse this.
Agree, he was getting destroyed
Much more then dorion is before he made that duchene trade.
yup.
fuck those were dark times.
I mean he had more time and everyone on r/hockey was calling him retarded, anyway thanks for the 1st.
I want EK to take a discount and sign with TOR just to spurn Melnyk.
Granted not even Sens fan deserve that fate.
Sakic had 2 and a half years to make it happen.
He could afford to be patient.
Plus contract renewal were not part of the negotiations since they couldn't at the time.
This didn't limit the teams he could go to like Karlsson.
&gt; who'll be able to do something like that will be mindbogglingly small.
Yeah that's a big part of it.
It's not so hard to acquire a Derick Brassard at the deadline.
It's a whole other ballgame to acquire a player like Karlsson.
There aren't that many team willing to sell the farm for a rental, and there are even fewer of them who have a farm nice enough.
McDonaugh kind of showed us that.
Same reason I'm scared Pacioretty will still be here at the deadline.
It's a huge gamble.
Just renewed his contract this summer.
Doubt Melnyk pays for a GM who isn't in charge.
Unless he makes himself GM too after naming himself president.
Dallas could very well be a playoff team without Karlsson, they were on pace for a 3rd/4th place finish in the Central last year until Bishop got injured and they absolutely collapsed in the final 15ish games including many blown 3rd period leads, and they still only missed the playoffs by 3 points.
So they should easily be a playoff team with Karlsson if they can stay healthy.
It's so much more than that though.
For what Dorion wants, he needs a contender that's so good they'll be able to give up real pieces off their NHL roster that won't hurt their chances as well as having a strong farm system.
Plenty of teams have one or the other, very few have both.
It's a massive risk he's taking.
On a tangent here, It seems dehumanizing when people say pieces instead of players.
It seems rather pedantic on my part, its just one of those things that I am idiosyncratic about.
And yet when Sakic said no to the Hamonic trade he was a moron, oh how the turntables...
better trade Bobby Ryan with it.
Three units of human property and three future properties in the form of humans for your one unit of human property.
Reddit and the rest of the internet circlejerked too hard and Sakic dumped some cold water on them.
yup!
I don't necessarily agree with your comment, but I like the comment.

Summary: 
:( He's just trying to make it in this world.
what happened to Duchene again?
Sakic had 2 and a half years to make it happen.
Plenty of teams have one or the other, very few have both.
2+  years to work with on Duchene's contract, not 2+ years to trade him.
He got traded for amazing value.
Also helps that Duchene had 2 years, and this trade is reliant on an extension.
He's in a much stickier situation.
It's so much more than that though.
It's a massive risk he's taking.
He could afford to be patient.
This didn't limit the teams he could go to like Karlsson.
I strongly disagree with this.
He was being shopped at the deadline in 2017 when he had 2 years and a bit left on his contract.
It's a whole other ballgame to acquire a player like Karlsson.
Those would have been 4 players for Karlsson for a year, basically.
