Original Response: 
First, note to self and to my fellow atheists: I would genuinely like to hear answers to this.
Thus, I would request that we (myself included) do not downvote those who make any bona fide attempt to answer.
Thanks.
---

So, I understand the idea that humans became less than perfect in terms of good and evil with the fall from grace when Adam and Eve ate the apple (actually, I was taught fig).
I don't agree with this position.
But, I get it.
However, there are very real physical flaws in the alleged design of our bodies and brains.
I will give some examples.
But, I'm of the impression that the Abrahamic religion (deliberately singular) teaches that humans were created by an all knowing and all perfect god (known by the proper name God).
And, I'm not aware of any teaching that says that God deliberately marred His/Her own design after the fall to cause physical problems for us.
The only exception of which I'm aware is the pain during childbirth.
So, here are some examples of the kinds of issues I see with our bodies that I think no competent engineer would design.
They work well enough to survive, which is pretty good, but are far from perfect.
* Curved spines.
[Approximately 80% of people will experience back pain](https://www.ninds.nih.gov/Disorders/Patient-Caregiver-Education/Fact-Sheets/Low-Back-Pain-Fact-Sheet) at some point in their lives.
No competent engineer would create a curved structure like our spine to carry the weight of our major organs including our brains balanced precariously on top.
Evolution says: This is a result of our evolution from knuckle walking apes who evolved to stand upright.
* Knees.
I'm not sure of the statistics for knee pain.
(google break) [This NIH publication](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3408027/) states 25% of adults experience frequent knee pain.
This is a poorly designed joint for a bipedal animal such as humans.
It works well enough for knuckle walking species like chimps and gorillas.
Evolution says: This is a result of our evolution from knuckle walking apes.
* Testes.
Like most mammals, we need our testes external to our bodies to regulate the temperature for sperm production at a lower temperature than the rest of our bodies.
However, like the fish from which we evolved, our testes start in our abdomen and must then drop to our scrota.
[This leaves a cavity that is the reason men are prone to hernias.
](https://www.cedars-sinai.edu/Patients/Programs-and-Services/Pediatrics/Treatment/Pediatric-Urology/Hernias-and-Hydroceles.aspx) Any competent designer would have put them where they need to be in the first place rather than having them migrate south leaving a cavity.
Evolution says: This is a result of our evolution from lobe-finned fish, for whom testes in the abdomen is a perfectly reasonable place.
The taxa for such fish is sarcopterygii.
We are still in this taxa just as we are still mammals and still apes.
We are members of all of the families from which we evolved including but not limited to: eukaryotes, animals (animalia), vertebrates (chordata), tetrapods, mammals, primates, apes.
* Sinuses.
[Human sinuses must actually drain up.
](http://www.lifeinharmony.me/wp-content/uploads/anatomy-of-nose-images-and-sinus-the-sinuses-human.jpg) Were this the result of design, one might think the designer does not understand gravity.
Evolution says: This is a result of our evolution from knuckle walking apes who keep their heads in a very different position for most of the time.
* Optical illusions (brain failures): We've probably all seen the [image of the two lines with arrows on the ends](https://www.kip.zcu.cz/kursy/svt/texty/ILUZE/ARROWS40.GIF), one facing in and one facing out.
No matter how many times we measure these two lines, no matter how much we convince ourselves that the lines really are the same length, we will still see the image as having lines of different lengths.
This indicates the compartmentalization of our brains where our visual cortex is reporting something very different than the truth.
Two parts of our brains disagree.
One part is demonstrably correct.
The other is demonstrably incorrect.
Yet, we cannot convince our visual cortex that it should report the lengths as the same.
If our brains were designed, we might expect that there would be some controller module that could correct the visual cortex.
We might even think of this central controller as the true self.
But, there is no central controller.
Our consciousness is much more complicated than that.
Evolution says: This is the result of our brains evolving over time adding more and more modules, similar to adding to a computer program, over time.
Various parts of the brain perform different tasks.
Sometimes, two parts of the brain will disagree.
* Recurrent laryngeal nerve: This nerve takes a very circuitous path to get from point A to point B.
[Here's a video of the nerve being shown in the neck of a giraffe, where it is more extremely out of wack.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cO1a1Ek-HD0) However, it does exactly the same thing in our much shorter necks and is no less silly.
Evolution says: This was a direct route from the brain to the gills in fish.
But, when those gills gradually became our larynx (yes, our larynx evolved from fish gills) and we evolved necks, at every step the simple change was just to get a bit longer and go where it needed to go.
This is evidence of the long change from fish to mammals.
TL;DR: So, for those who deny evolution, how does your religion explain these obvious physical flaws of the human body?
If we are made in God's image, does God experience back pain?
Is God a mediocre but far from perfect engineer?
Did God really completely redesign our bodies after the fall from grace to deliberately cause pain and suffering?
Do you have some other explanation of which I'm unaware?

Summary: 
Two parts of our brains disagree.
Evolution says: This is a result of our evolution from knuckle walking apes.
I will give some examples.
Evolution says: This was a direct route from the brain to the gills in fish.
Sometimes, two parts of the brain will disagree.
But, there is no central controller.
This is evidence of the long change from fish to mammals.
One part is demonstrably correct.
The taxa for such fish is sarcopterygii.
