Original Response: 
I was hired by Bloomage, the Chinese company working with the NHL for the China Games, to be a team host for the Calgary Flames.
Basically, my job was to travel with the team, make sure their transportation was organized, and translate for them if needed.
I had an amazing time with the team and I thought I would share my experiences with /r/hockey.
&amp;#x200B;

One of the most memorable stories from the trip came post-game in Shenzhen.
After the game, the players all boarded the bus headed towards the airport to catch a flight to Beijing.
However, in the underground parking lot of the arena, things took a rough start.
On the first turn in what can only be described as a labyrinth of a parking structure, our delightful bus driver rammed his right-side rearview mirror directly into two air conditioning units, shaking the entire bus as sparks flew outside the windows.
The rearview mirror was [bent completely out of position](https://imgur.com/a/zdcKxFc), causing it to block our bus door and the only way to exit the bus.
Despite the driver's best efforts to open the door from the inside, it would not budge.
Eventually, it caught the attention of the other buses with [GMBT trying to dislodge the mirror](https://imgur.com/a/g0Hlogp) but unfortunately cutting his hand in the process.
Finally, another driver managed to pull the mirror back into a somewhat acceptable position, amidst the typhoon of chirps coming from the players on the bus.
We decided then just to drive to the airport with one and a half rearview mirrors in order to make our flight.
Hilarity, stress, and sheer astonishment rolled into one unique experience.
&gt;"You can't make this up" - Matthew Tkachuk.
(TLDR; bus driver ran into an air conditioning unit in Shenzhen, rearview mirror trapped us all in the bus).
&amp;#x200B;

Another great experience was undoubtedly going to the Great Wall with the team.
All the players immediately and brashly bought many hilarious souvenirs upon entering the area, becoming colorfully adorned in [military/panda](https://imgur.com/a/RPpqUag)/[straw hats](https://imgur.com/4GnY3j6), and [kimonos](https://imgur.com/NYl6QnQ).
Best part of the day was riding down the toboggan [behind Johnny](https://imgur.com/7sLUBWg) and [in front of Jankowski and Bennett](https://imgur.com/y4w74ll).
Johnny kept braking so I would crash into him and subsequently be crushed by the big boys behind me.
I counted three people in total who completely wiped out and fell off their sleds.
It was a blast.
&amp;#x200B;

Finally, I was also [interviewed by FlamesTV](https://twitter.com/NHLFlames/status/1042288426261864453), for which I was brutally unprepared for but I tried my best.
&amp;#x200B;

The team and staff were absolutely amazing to me, treated me with the utmost hospitality, and allowed me to feel welcome and included during my interactions with the team.
I have gained a lot of respect towards the Calgary Flames organization, and I wish them the best of luck in the upcoming season.
&amp;#x200B;

Feel free to ask any questions about my work experience!
I was also working closely with the team hosts for the Boston Bruins as well so I can answer any China Games related questions.
&amp;#x200B;

P.S.
James Neal is an absolute beauty.
edit: formatting.
What made Neal such a beauty?
Any other cool anecdotes you could give about the player's personalities?
PS you're a legend for this.
Living the r/flames dream!
Neal was hands down the most welcoming out of all of the players: he invited me to the players' dinner and sat next to me, before the Beijing game he came out and gave me his stick that he got the whole team to sign, and just as of now has followed me on Instagram.
This story makes me physically ill... feeling warmth towards James Neal of the Calgary Flames?
I gotta sit down.
Yep, that sounds like a good dude.
Glad you had fun bud, what an experience.
I hate everything about this post only because I can feel nothing but warmth and joy for the whole thing.
I need a drink...
Dude's attitude completely changed during his year with us.
One of the more outgoing players when he was here, for sure.
We (kinda) miss the Real Deal!
&gt; feeling warmth towards James Neal of the Calgary Flames?
I can't even imagine the conflict that must be raging inside you right now.
I still kind of miss him from his time in Pittsburgh, though I hated his losses of control and headhunting in the infamous Flyers series, and I'm really glad to have Hornquist on the team.
The line of Kunitz-Malkin-Neal was pure magic when it came to pucks in the net.
James Neal is a beautiful man and my girlfriend never lets me forget it.
All those natural essential oils in his hair doin work.
Certified beaut.
He was the only player to let the flow loose during pregame skate, all the other players had their helmets on.
100% man rocket.
Plus he was a big fan of the other teams in Pittsburgh too.
Used to go to Bucs games all of the time.
I feel creepy because it took me like thirty seconds to find you on IG.
Idk if you were trying to hide your identity but just something to think about.
&gt;	100% man rocket

I smell someone who listens to spittin chiclets.
Haha I went public so that Nealer and the Flames could see my post.
Maybe I should go back to private...
Awesome pictures though!
Looks like a good time with the boys.
Biz is a national treasure.
Did he eat with his elbows on or off the table?
Can confirm he was an asshat in Pittsburgh.
https://imgur.com/QACkO7z.
this is amazing.
I think you simply peed your pants.
Neal was always a fan favorite in Nashville.
There are still regular debates over choosing to let him go in the expansion over Jarnkrok.
So his one year with you transformed him, eh?
Met him a few times here.
Pretty sure his “changed attitude” was already in place before spending one season with VGK.
Jarnkrok at $2M a year until the sun turns into a ball of coal is pretty great.
Yeah it usually goes something like this:

Pro Neal: why did we let Neal go for someone who will only ever play on the third line?!
Pro Jarnkrok: Jarnkrok is so cost controlled and versatile!
Plus we wouldn't be able to afford Neal when his contract is up!
PN: Yeah BUUUUUT Jarny will never be able to score 30 goals like Neal!
PJ: He's only ever done that twice and is past his prime!
PN: no u

PJ: no u!
*Ends up making out*

If I had a nickel every time I've seen this argument play out.
Are any flames players listeners?
I know Johnny and hanifin were on it.
Just curious, you're referring to the Pirates, correct?
Yup.
Makes sense.
I've always thought that the Pirates have the coolest name in baseball, if not all sports.
It's just awesome, both because pirates are cool and because of the alliteration.
The Pittsburgh Pirates.
It would be cool if our karmic reward for sending good guy Engo your way (I have a soft spot for the journeyman) was to get a version of Neal who's leveled up in Chemistry.
Best name, one of the best uniforms, best stadium.
No so great team   :(    Though this season has kind of defied expectations.
If they finish above .500 it should be considered a massively successful season, despite being out of the playoff picture.
Also in the MLB way fewer teams make the playoffs.
There have been a TON of NHL teams over the years who have made the playoffs with records below .500.
In 1987-88, the Maple Leafs made the playoffs with 21 wins in 80 games...

Summary: 
I know Johnny and hanifin were on it.
One of the more outgoing players when he was here, for sure.
James Neal is an absolute beauty.
Maybe I should go back to private...
Are any flames players listeners?
What made Neal such a beauty?
Met him a few times here.
Plus he was a big fan of the other teams in Pittsburgh too.
&gt; feeling warmth towards James Neal of the Calgary Flames?
I think you simply peed your pants.
Used to go to Bucs games all of the time.
Also in the MLB way fewer teams make the playoffs.
I had an amazing time with the team and I thought I would share my experiences with /r/hockey.
Looks like a good time with the boys.
