Original Response: 
That's like a HUUUUGE overpayment right?
Did I just forgot how hockey works?
Tatar has fallen off lately.
Suzuki is a good prospect and the 2nd round pick is a bet at best.
I think it’s pretty even value although VGK obviously get the better guaranteed player and their James Neal replacement.
pacioretty is a 30+ goal 60+ point player.
but people forget since he sucked last yr and the team sucked.
I like what Montreal got but pacioretty is a top line winger.
Disagree.
Clear win for MTL.
So a 20 goal winger for a 30 goal winger is worth one of your best prospects + a 2nd now?
I never understood this train of thought.
Even though I think this is good for both sides and not a “clear winner” VGK got the best player in the deal.
Tatar was a healthy scratch with VGK.
Suzuki is a great prospect no doubt, but who knows how he will turn out.
The 2nd could be a better player than Pacioretty, but it could also be Patrik Stefan.
I can’t see any justifications with MTL being the clear winner until multiple years down the road.
thats one way to look at it.
another way is that it was 20 goals at 5m+ that wasn't playing for Vegas plus a 2nd (Vegas got a lot of picks don't they?)
plus Suzuki (really good prospect) FOR patches for 1 year at nice value.
we as leaf fans use to call Phil kessel a 40 goal scorer (he never scored 40).
theres a difference between 40 and 30, and 30 and 20. its not linear value.
Yeah Max was tearing apart the room in Montreal.Addition through subtraction.
[removed]
The team with the better active player wins the trade.
Vegas wins the trade.
That's a really stupid way to evaluate trades:

Erat for Forsberg would be a win for Washington.
And I think we all know that isn't the case.
Right now, before the season has even started and Nick Suzuki has played a si gle regular season game, it's really the only metric we have.
I'll gladly look at this on new years day and admit I was wrong if Tatar has a great year in MTL and Pacioretty struggles here.
Until then, it's based on overall stats that have already happened, right?
##Tatar
Games played 427

Goals 119

Assists 109

Points 228

Goals per game 0.53

-3 (+/-) 

##Pacioretty 
Games played 626

Goals 226

Assists 222

Points 448

Goals per game 0.71

+36 (+/-)
Sure.. And if the trade was Pacioretty for Tatar I would say it's a clear win for Vegas.
But assets have "value" attached to them and Suzuki and the 2nd aren't nothing.
They might just be dart throws at a board.
They might turn into all star players or they might never make the show.
The fact is Vegas just flipped a player they just recently traded a first 2nd and third for along with their 2nd or 3rd best prospect and a second in exchange for a top line LW.
Value wise I don't think it looks for Vegas.
They get what they wanted but I think they overpaid.
Yes nick going bothers me too, we still have glass though, however rumor was that Ottawa wanted him as part of a deal for Karlsson.
Any NHL gm that looks at trade value like that gets rightfully fired.
Lol like fuck u talking about.
Next up for the Habs Rasmus dahlin who is far from a sure thing having no NHL experience for Jeff patry who is a respectable top 4 dman with loads of NHL experience.
Maybe buffalo should add due to the massive difference in experience.
Mark my words, Patches for Suzuki is going to become GMGM’s next Erat for Forsberg.
subscribe.
lol, even if Suzuki becomes that good you gotta admit Erat is no where close to Patches.
You guys just really hate Vegas don't you?
Cannot happen, Patches will be so much better than Erat was.
Depends how much Patches bounces back I suppose.
If this year was indicative of the future or he only marginally improves than the comparable is pretty close.
Gonna hit 40 goals if he gets top line minutes.
Patches can snipe, don't doubt it.
He just needs someone to set him up which he didn't have last year, Statsny will bring him back to the levels everyone is used to seeing him at.
This sounds suspiciously like how Stastny was going to turn Tarasenko into a 50 goal scorer.
Stastny was a fine 2C, but he wasn’t really a game breaker with the Blues.
The Blues also have better wing depth than Vegas, and he still didn’t really elevate our scoring.
Stastny got hot in the playoffs, so it’s sort of a question of which Stastny is Vegas going to get.
I like both players though, so hopefully they will catch fire before they start to decline from age.
I think they'll probably end up being one of the most defensively responsible lines in the NHL that are a legit scoring threat.
...and someone to playmake for him.
Let's not fool ourselves, Patches is a crazy good sniper but only under certain conditions.
He needs to top minutes, he needs a *really* good playmaker/feeder and he needs to be in a good mood/streak.
I love Patches, but last season, his faults flared up like a beacon of light in the night.

Summary: 
Value wise I don't think it looks for Vegas.
pacioretty is a 30+ goal 60+ point player.
They get what they wanted but I think they overpaid.
I like what Montreal got but pacioretty is a top line winger.
Patches can snipe, don't doubt it.
The team with the better active player wins the trade.
thats one way to look at it.
And I think we all know that isn't the case.
Cannot happen, Patches will be so much better than Erat was.
