Original Response: 
Pity he was smart enough to do it under Parliamentary privilege.
Does it matter?
Dutton just admitted he hired a sexual predator to head up ABF.
PM material for sure.
Is there any consequence for defaming someone’s character under parliamentary privilege?
Seems fucked if he’s called someone else a pedo if it’s not true.
Nope, so long as you do it politely.
One rule for politicians, another for the rest of us.
Parliamentary privilege is a good thing when used correctly.
Someone tell Elon Musk!
Yeah you lose the respect of your colleagues and the electorate.
If it could be proved he knew what he was saying was wrong then he would be misleading the parliament.
He didn’t actually call him a pedo.
Just used language that implies it.
Meh.
He knows he's now completely damaged goods politically speaking and will never have the top job, there won't be a comeback from this no matter how long he waits.
He's just flailing around now trying to take others down with him.
(Former) Marshall Quadbox first because he is the one antagonising him.
I have no doubt that by next week he'll have broken out his 'list' and will be naming Labor MPs who have brought up MI matters to him.
We should actually be a bit nervous because this is a preview what will happen with Trump if the Dems  go full blue wave for the mid terms (I'm talking cloture proof majority in the Senate, maybe a slim majority in the house).
However when Trump implodes it will be Hiroshima to the firecracker that is Dutton, with likely negative global implications.
Toss it on the pile.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah I commented same on another thread.
'Grooming a girl...' is obv.
a deliberate choice and is just the very worst judgement.
I'm actually a centre right voter but I despise Dutton more than any politician on the left.
Funny how he has actually brought the country together in a way, if only for the next two weeks as reddit is going to be filled with comment threads where everyone is just posting to agree on what a shitbag he is.
Hard to do.

Summary: 
He didn’t actually call him a pedo.
Yeah I commented same on another thread.
Nope, so long as you do it politely.
Parliamentary privilege is a good thing when used correctly.
