Original Response: 
Done equitably this is a fine idea and would bring us more closely into line with our international human rights obligations and equalise current discrepancies in Australian federal law between discrimination against ethnoreligious vs religious groups.
Call me a cynic though, I can't see this government willingly extending to Muslims (or atheists for that matter) the same protection it would extend to Christians.
I await with morbid fascination the precise method by which they fuck this up.
 

&gt;precise method by which they fuck this up.
ever paint yourself into a corner?
shits about to get messy.
Yup, this has basically been Tucker's Law: The Government.
The kind of changes the fundies are after is "freedom to discriminate against others based on religious values and protection against being discriminated against for holding religious values"

They want their own safe space to be horrible nasty people, but the safe space is the whole country.
&gt; I can't see this government willingly extending to Muslims (or atheists for that matter) the same protection it would extend to Christians.
That might be constitutionally sticky.
s116

&gt; The Commonwealth shall not make any law for establishing any religion, or for imposing any religious observance, or for **prohibiting the free exercise of any religion**, and no religious test shall be required as a qualification for any office or public trust under the Commonwealth

If they make a law which protects some religions but not others, effectively we would be less free to practice the others.
Done equitably?
How is that possible when the same protection is not given to the non-religious?
And when blasphemy laws (which, make no mistake, is what these will be) contradict with freedom FROM religion.
By giving it to the non-religious?
Take the Victorian laws.
&gt;	Religious belief is about having, or not having, a religious belief or view that is not against the law.
Religious activity is where you take part, choose not to take part or refuse to take part in a religious activity that is not against the law.
https://www.humanrightscommission.vic.gov.au/discrimination/discrimination/types-of-discrimination/religious-belief-or-activity.
The High Court's interpreted Section 116 *very* narrowly long, long ago.
Between decisions from the early 1900s and the Stolen Generation case the government would have to put forward a law with the purpose of prohibiting free exercise, it merely happening by consequence is not sufficient before the Court.
Except that the law carves out special exemptions for discrimination - e.g.
it is against the law to sack a gay person..
UNLESS you are a religious organisation.
Just like you have to pay tax..
UNLESS you are a religious organisation.
They can pry the blasphemy from my cold, dead lips.
Religious organisations aren't exempt from tax.
Its just that they are all organised as non-profits in order to avoid paying taxation.
The non-profit definition includes "promotion of religion" as reason enough to get tax free status.
For other things - you wouldn't be able to run massive businesses entirely unrelated to the charity and claim tax free status.
Those decisions as you say, are very old.
The High Court today might interpret it less narrowly.
And even by that narrow interpretation, I think that introducing a law which singles out Christians for special legal protections would break it.
&gt; "freedom to discriminate against others based on religious values and protection against being discriminated against for holding religious values"

This'll be fun because my religious belief says I refuse to contract with or provide service to religious fucktards.
No.
They want "freedom to discriminate against others based on religious values and  protection against being discriminated against for holding religious  values, for our types of religion"
They've got no intention of doing it equitably... the just want to have a special Christian privilege/enitlement to be shitty to others and not experience it back themselves.
A two-class system with them on top.
Yyyyyyyyyyyep.
This is exactly the sort of thing that has provided the Church of Satan such a platform in the US.
You can either legislate for increased protected religious freedom, or you can legislate for increased Christian privilege, but not both.
Jokes on them...because it will backlash against them because their fairytale is not the only one.
But obviously they are morons...so the smart people have to put a stop to this.
&gt;Call me a cynic though, I can't see this government willingly extending to Muslims (or atheists for that matter) the same protection it would extend to Christians.
Not to sound obtuse but the law would most definitely cover all religions or none.
No way would something pass that just references 1 faith only.
Same but for Bolsheviks.
Exactly - that's how the Seventh-Day Adventists get to run Sanitarium Foods without paying any taxes.
It's a scam, and a big one.

Summary: 
UNLESS you are a religious organisation.
Religious organisations aren't exempt from tax.
&gt;	Religious belief is about having, or not having, a religious belief or view that is not against the law.
Yup, this has basically been Tucker's Law: The Government.
it is against the law to sack a gay person..
Except that the law carves out special exemptions for discrimination - e.g.
Just like you have to pay tax..
