Original Response: 
I too am curious for more details, mods shouldn't just combust, and I have a pulse 80 on the way.
Glad no one was hurt.
What cells were you using?
Anyone else hear of any auto firing on the pulse?
That's all I can think of based on where the melting occurred.
Battery side and terminals look fine.
With that said, I've been using the hell out of the rage and reload x RDA.
So much so that I bought a second rage within an hour of me managing to break my first.
First time I've dropped a mod in over a year.
It’s worried me a lot, the reason I stick to regulated mods is because I naively thought they would be safer 

I have eventually got communications with VV and to be fair to them, try are sending a replacement but as I told them, I wasn’t actually after compensation, I wanted to know exactly what happened.
Their explanation is “capacitive damage” whatever that means

I’ve had to maintain the interior of the mod (battery and bottle area)  and clear out juice leak daily.
I even used to make a little tissue collar to go round the top of the bottle to try protect it.
As you can see from the photo.
The problem started in the chip part of the mod and not the battery.
Battery was one of a new pair of vapecell 20700”s that I got in August 

I can only assume from reading up on reddit that juice eventually got into the chip area and shorted it out.
A have more photos and a video , just got to work out how to post them!
At least they're sending a replacement.
I'm curious what capacitive damage means.
Excess amp draw, which shouldn't happen with a single coil.
The juice shouldn't short it, as it's non- conductive and the 510 should be hosed separate from the board in squonks.
I say should because I'm unsure of how the internals on the pulse 80 are done.
However it is possible.
And prolonged juice exposure can wreck boards.
The snow wolf vfeng comes to mind.
Lots of issues I dealt with for friends because juice would leak in through the 510.
Yes it took a few days to get hold of Vandyvape but I think they’ve been fair and understanding.
Someone on my Instagram feed posted a video of them screwing an atomizer into their pulse 80 and it started firing immediately.
I think there sre definitely some issues.
Great, likely a firmware or qc issue.
Either is likely.
Juice and PCBs is the bane of my existence, just a little juice leakage here and there always seems to wreck firing buttons in ~1 year for me.
I've been thinking of grabbing an original mech pulse for the reliability, since my drag has started autofiring, but I do love my temp control...

Edit: For anyone reading this who's in a similar situation, I just managed to scoop a Smoant Charon for $30 at smokingvapor.com, it's on sale and you get a 20% off coupon if you make an account.
Hopefully this info is of use to someone, and hopefully this mod lasts me until I jump over to DNA mods for my TC...
Did it come with VV's tried and true, litho-stamp, QC ticket of approval?
/s.
If your considering a mech squonker I would avoid the pulse, it has some wicked voltage drop and it gets worse the lower you build.
Damn, good to know, thanks.
I woulda hoped the solid copper path would help with that but I guess not... Maybe I should start looking into some higher end parallel mech boxes or whether dna boards have the same longevity issues with juice...
Damn I laughed too hard at this.
My pulse I modded the hell out of and went flat plate push connector instead of what they have in the mod to fix that voltage drop.
If you're looking at squonk mechs, I love my box mod mafia the punk, if you can find one, great stealthy little mech, hits hard and is probably smaller than the athena (don't have the athena to compare.)
I've loved the rage, but have seen horror stories on it.
Haven't seen negative on the basium aside from looks.
If I had the cash on hand I'd get the vicious ant space 21700 DNA 75c however.
I mean, "technically", a mech mod is safer than a regulated mod if you rule out human error.
There's no electronics or hardware to fail catastrophically.
It's a tube and a battery.
Large degree for someone to screw it up either by ignorance, neglect, or just plain old bad luck.
You don’t have to go high end, I found an arctic dolphin crea mech squonker at vaporL for $9.90, idk if they still have it but it’s currently my favorite mech squonker, hits pretty hard and I’ve had no real issues with it.
my only complaints would be the spinning lock for the fire button is a little too loose so I don’t trust it in my pocket, and when I first got it the battery connections were a little stiff making it hard to get the battery in, but it has loosened up enough that it’s not an issue anymore.
Edit: just checked and they are sold out, but they had dropped the price to $4.50!
if you browse the clearance sections you can find some quality mech squonkers for next to nothing.
OOh, I'll def keep that clearance info in mind whenever I decide to get a mech squonker, it's always nice to have another reliable mech as a backup.
Maybe I'll browse the efun clearance section or something when I have the time...
Save up and get a DNA 75/75c squonker.
They cover all their boards in conformal coating to protect from ejuice leakage.
And if you get the 75c, you get replay mode and that will change your life.
Also, DNA boards have a great efficiency, you great battery life!
Oh wow nice, I knew about the safety fuse on the board but I didn't know about the coating!
Ejuice leakage is generally what kills a mod for me, so that's super nice.
I'm planning on my next regulated purchase using some evolv board, just a matter of whenever that time comes.
If you actually are interesting in checking out a Pulse Mech, I've seen them going for as little as $15 over on Vapehappy.
I forget the channel but a YouTuber did a tour of their facilities a few years ago and they talked about their conformal coating a LOT and that was back in the DNA 30 days.
My 250C board I got for my custom box definitely has conformal coating on it.
Damn, musta been a clearance sale or something cuz they're sold out now.
Good lookin out tho, thanks.

Summary: 
Damn I laughed too hard at this.
I think there sre definitely some issues.
First time I've dropped a mod in over a year.
Save up and get a DNA 75/75c squonker.
That's all I can think of based on where the melting occurred.
It's a tube and a battery.
I too am curious for more details, mods shouldn't just combust, and I have a pulse 80 on the way.
The problem started in the chip part of the mod and not the battery.
Lots of issues I dealt with for friends because juice would leak in through the 510.
