Original Response: 
[removed]
This is like... exactly what couples counseling is designed for.
I see that you've tried individual therapy but have you tried couples counseling?
We haven’t tried it yet— he doesn’t feel comfortable going to my personal therapist (understandable because we have previous background and he may feel outnumbered) and we can’t afford couples therapy :/ — I get an incredibly low rate on the personal counseling that we can’t find anywhere else— $30/hour.
There's books.
Google for "The Gottman Institute".
It's a relationships think  tank affiliated with the sociology department at the University of Washington.
They have publications.
Many counseling places charge based on a sliding fee scale.
Or there are online therapy options, or classes on marital communications that are likely much less expensive than couple's counseling.
Has he ever had individual therapy?
Thank you!!!!!
We will check this out 😭.
He hasn’t had individual therapy, he is afraid to go because he feels narcissistic and is worried they won’t help him.
:/ 

Thanks good to know— we will look into those options!
&gt; He hasn’t had individual therapy, he is afraid to go because he feels narcissistic and is worried they won’t help him.
:/ 

That's like saying "I don't want to go to the doctor because I'm scared they'll tell me I'm sick and will refuse to treat me"... that's exactly the reason a person SHOULD go to a doctor.
I get he might be scared of the actual diagnosis but they won't refuse to help him.
There are treatments, there are therapies, there are solutions but the first step is him seeking them.
They can't help someone that refuses to try.
Hell, even if he tries and it all comes to no solutions, he's lost nothing but some money.
He tried, it didn't work out, he moves on with his life.
It's not like he'll come out of the situations somehow worse off than before.
Can you ask in a local Internet forum or ask your therapist to ask through their channels for therapists who specialize in helping children of narcissistic parents instead of blaming them?
I agree not all therapists understand complex issues like cptsd or how being raised by parents with personality disorders can lead to unintentional echoing of their behavior by the children.
Narcissists aren’t afraid that they might be narcissistic.
They either 1) KNOW their is nothing wrong with them or 2) Proud of being narcissistic as it means they have the strongest kind of personality and people that think it is a negative thing are wrong.
I 100% recommend John Gottman’s book “The Seven Principles of Making Marriage Work”; my SO also has a tendency to stonewall/is super sensitive to doing things “wrong”; reading that book helped him see how damaging that really is.
The book also helped me see how damaging my insistence that we always “talk it out” can be.
The whole “don’t go to bed angry” thing can actually hurt a relationship.
Sometimes it’s better to agree to get rest and continue the discussion when both parties have had time to cool off.
TL;DR - The Gottman Institute stuff is legit!
Thirding the recommendation for Gottman Institute stuff!
OH also read ‘why won’t you apologise’ by Harriet Lerner.
It’s what got me into studying conflict and conflict resolution and it’s really informative and wonderful.
Thank you— any advice on how to help him know it is ok to mess up?
We will check this book out.
Thank you!!
I will get this one!
My advice would be to: (1) own *your* mistakes.
Based on the background you gave, I would guess that he doesn’t have a great model on how to fail with grace (2) let things go when he makes inconsequential mistakes.
This is difficult (at least for me).
I also have an (emotional) abuse background and I have this desperate need to be understood, which sometimes mean overly explaining why some mistake my partner made *matters*, which can feel like an attack.
(3) hold him accountable (this might seem counterintuitive to #2).
Don’t indulge his tantrums when he screws up.
Remain calm.
Tell him you trust him to fix it.
The more he trusts himself to fix his mistakes, the less he’ll care that he makes them.
Also, this is kind of different so your mileage with it may vary, but there’s this clip from the Disney movie “Meet the Robinson’s” where the main character tests out an invention and it fails spectacularly and the other characters respond by saying “woo hoo!!!
You failed!!
That’s awesome!” (sincerely) because failure is a necessary part of growth.
I watch that clip whenever I’m feeling like a failure as a reminder that “failing” isn’t the end of the world.
That is helpful— Babe, see this comment?
Is this a FLEAS situation?
Where he is acting out stuff his parent did?
in improv, we call that a "failure bow".
it's amazing.
you're trying to do a scene and lose the train of thought, or do something else wrong somehow, or just can't continue.
you throw you arms up in the air and exclaim "I FAILED" and everyone around you claps and cheers and celebrates with you.
when the clapping ends, you pick right up where you left off and keep going.
it's LIBERATING.
it really is.
you realize that failure is no big deal...it's just a part of life.
and that absolutely no one in your trusted group is going to judge you for it.
they're going to be there while you're going through it and then continue on along the path with you.
i've introduced it to my group at work, as well.
For that price, he should at least try it.
And y'all definitely need couples counseling.
No way around it.
This is for your marriage so he needs to work at it.
sincerely,

happily married daughter of a narcissist.
Good idea— and thank you.
Read *CPTSD: From Surviving to Thriving* by Pete Walker, and *Homecoming* by John Bradshaw.
Those two books helped me a lot with my abusive childhood.
You have to just read and read and read, learn as much as you can, and understand that your situation is not unique, but predictable and patterned.
Until then, you'll feel alone and struggle with these feelings.
Thank you— I’ll buy a lot and get started— it looks really helpful.
I love this 😭 we will try this.
If you are in a city with a university, have you checked with them if they have a master's program in family counseling / other therapy?
If they do, their students are often required to do a certain amount of practical hours, and that is usually charged at a very low or sliding scale rate.
On one side, it may not be optimal for you, because you're getting a student (a heavily supervised master's student, but still) but on the other side- I've tried it, and it was absolutely great and very inexpensive.
We really clicked with the therapist, she got her degree, and we got awesome low cost therapy that really helped us fix our issues!
Being oversensitive to criticism or being accused of making a mistake can stem from any number of things.
It often comes from feelings of inadequacy, or a history of having someone (like a parent or caretaker) overreact to normal mistakes or accidents.
It's also pretty common.
People react to it differently - some people turtle up in a defensive shell.
Others break down and cry.
Others lash out angrily.
He doesn't sound very narcissistic at all.
Probably!
People's strongest models for relationships and conflict come from their parents, and sometimes just *wanting* to be different isn't enough.
Often those patterns do involve some measure of comfort or reward, or demonize normal things (like making a mistake) that can make it really difficult and scary to try to walk a different path.
A therapist will help him untangle why he's falling into patterns he saw growing up despite not wanting to repeat them, and help him figure out strategies for getting out of the rut.
&gt; he is afraid to go because he feels narcissistic and is worried they won’t help him 

Can he expand on this a little bit more?
If he's afraid that a therapist will just tell him 'you're a jerk, get out', that's definitely an unfounded fear.
If he's afraid that they *can't* help him, I would say that a) he'll never know until he tries, and b) although some things (like autism or bipolar) are heavily biochemical based, the causes of narcissism are extremely unknown (and in this completely inexpert opinion, probably have a lot more to do with learned behavior).
Like, did you know that children don't *naturally* have empathy, it's something that has to be *taught*?
It's harder to rewire your brain when you're older, true, but definitely not impossible!
(And the sooner you get to it, the better :) )
Can I just say that it’s rather telling you immediately focused on how to get him to be wrong and skipped the part where the poster said you were wrong too, yet you didn’t ask for advice about that.
WHOA!
Wait a minute!
You're fighting like this, and you have decided you can't AFFORD couples' counseling?
Trust me, your divorce is going to cost a WHOLE lot more than counseling.
In my opinion,  you don't have a choice.
Not if you want to avoid divorce.
I have been broker than you've ever been, trust me, and I've found a way to pay for counseling.
Call 100 counselors, and ask them to give you a cheaper rate, a sliding scale, or payment options.
Quit eating out.
Sell the car and buy a clunker.
Do whatever it takes.
But don't lie to yourselves and say you can't afford it.
Huh?
This part was about me— and a book to help me stop my behaviors?
I can second that comment above.
I've met people who thought they were narcissists, and people who actually were, and even just being an observer, the difference is HUGE.
And the genuine narcissists I've met didn't think that they were; everyone else was always the problem.
FLEAs are possible.
I think it's really easy to pick up habits from our parents and not even notice that we do because it's so normalized for us.
Every year I notice something else I have in common with one of them that I never really noticed before.
I would also recommend the book (and accompanying workbook) - *Getting the Love You Want* by Harville Hendrix and his wife.
They address the relationship patterns you bring into your marriage and how you repeat those patterns with your SO - along with (1) how to deal with the fact that your SO is **not** the person you learned those patterns with so you can be less reactive and (2) how to recognize patterns your SO has so that you can help them heal while being true to yourself.
They have weekend seminars - so even if you aren't able to afford couples counseling, maybe you can put away a little money to go away together to focus on your relationship for a couple of days.

Summary: 
I will get this one!
I love this 😭 we will try this.
I can second that comment above.
They can't help someone that refuses to try.
We will check this book out.
I see that you've tried individual therapy but have you tried couples counseling?
This is like... exactly what couples counseling is designed for.
He doesn't sound very narcissistic at all.
He hasn’t had individual therapy, he is afraid to go because he feels narcissistic and is worried they won’t help him.
Tell him you trust him to fix it.
You're fighting like this, and you have decided you can't AFFORD couples' counseling?
Trust me, your divorce is going to cost a WHOLE lot more than counseling.
&gt; He hasn’t had individual therapy, he is afraid to go because he feels narcissistic and is worried they won’t help him.
I get he might be scared of the actual diagnosis but they won't refuse to help him.
And y'all definitely need couples counseling.
(And the sooner you get to it, the better :) )
Narcissists aren’t afraid that they might be narcissistic.
This part was about me— and a book to help me stop my behaviors?
