Original Response: 

If you’re a regular here you’ve probably noticed some people with a hobby of firing lots of questions at Christians trying to get them to defend or prove their beliefs, accusing them of being afraid or angry if they don’t engage, and irrational or nonsensical if they do.
It’s called ‘Street Epistemology’.
People film conversations in which they feel they have defeated and humiliated a believer, put them on youtube, and others watch and try it out, thrilled by the idea of using the method to make others look or feel foolish.
At best, a Socratic method is a great, incisive way of cutting away problematic thinking and getting to the heart of the truth.
It has integrity and it’s useful.
That is not what’s going on here.
These folks are not above pretending to be Christians to trick people here into engaging.
They’re not above using their ‘method’ on those who are openly in crisis and are here seeking support.
A quick glance at a questioner’s post history will often tell you everything you need to know.
A couple of points that could be helpful:

- Faith is one of those things that is understood and experienced from within.
It isn’t an of-this-world thing, so it can’t be persuasively expressed as an of-this-world answer to an of-this-world question (Why do you believe?
What evidence do you have?
Why your God and not some other?
Etc etc.)
That’s okay.
The reason it’s difficult to give a persuasive answer is because it’s an irrelevant question.
- This sub, and others like it, is actually composed of back-to-back explanations and explorations of our multi-faceted faith, how it works and how we justify it.
If a questioner seems hurt by your unwillingness to engage directly, you can invite them just to look around, read and learn.
If they’re genuine they will be pleased and interested to do so.
- A lived relationship with God is a complex, nuanced, ever-growing, ever-developing thing.
That makes it hard to sum up in a persuasive and pithy nutshell.
That is the strength and complexity of your faith, not its weakness.
- You’re not letting God or your fellow Christian down by preferring not to engage, when to engage would be to encourage someone in a hobby aimed at humiliating other people.
It is actually not a pastime any decent person should support.
So I just watched quite a few of these videos on YouTube and the people interviewed on them were very sad at defending their faith.
I’m not saying I’m perfect.
Just goes to show our churches needs to tackle the tough questions rather than 3 ways to keep your kids happy ect 

I couldn’t find one video with a smart/educated Christian.
Makes me wonder if they didn’t post any of the smarter conversations or if the smarter ones aren’t in public.
I'd be willing to bet that they take the worst of every ten interviews they make.
It's not unique to this point of view, you see it everywhere in the media when you realise how biased most sources are..
Bullies don't like picking on others they think can fight back.
I'm on board with what everyone else is saying - the majority of my friends are Christians, and most, if not all, would not have any issues countering any of those guys.
&gt; Bullies don't like picking on others they think can fight back.
Bullies?
Have you actually looked it up or watched any of the street epistemology videos, especially with 
Anthony Magnabosco, the guy who really popularized it on YouTube?
If somebody engages with him, he explains what he's doing and receives their permission; they are completely free not to walk away at any point or not engage at all, but the conversations are always mutual, completely cordial, friendly and polite; nobody is ridiculed, harassed, embarrassed or made fun of; nobody is told that they're wrong or called names.
They're not even debates; it's just people giving honest answers to questions that are designed to get them to think more deeply about the reasons why they believe certain things.
Almost everybody he speaks to thanks him at the end for the interesting and engaging conversation, and many later follow up with him by E-Mail.
If anybody could be seen as "*bullying*" another, they're definitely not following the spirit of street epistemology at all.
It's like you didn't read OP's post at all.
Weird.
&gt; It's like you didn't read OP's post at all.
Weird.
I did, and I think the OP, like you, also completely misunderstands what street epistemology is, or is mistaking it for something *else* entirely.
I [addressed the OP here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/9k1bi1/the_street_epistemologists_currently_extremely/e6wgmx9/) in a separate comment.
So, with that said, have you actually watched any of the videos or read anything that Anthony has written about street epistemology?
Have a look at [the website](https://streetepistemology.com/publications/street_epistemology_the_basics).
It isn't about debating or arguing or bullying people or being confrontational or aggressive.
It's all about having engaging, friendly, honest conversations with people and asking them questions that are designed to get them to critically examine the reasons behind their beliefs.
It isn't exclusive to atheists, either.
*Anybody* can practice street epistemology with *anybody* else for *any* belief.
If you want, you could practice it against atheists, or Muslims, or even other Christians!
Where did you get the impression that street epistemology involves bullying or deliberately picking on people who can't/won't "*fight back*"?
What is this actually based on?
Are you sure you, like the OP, aren't just confusing street epistemology with random people questioning the things you say online?
[deleted]
&gt; the majority of my friends are Christians, and most, if not all, would not have any issues countering any of those guys.
The thing is, if somebody is actually practicing street epistemology then there's nothing to actually counter.
The goal of street epistemology is only to ask questions that guide the person towards critically examining the reasoning behind their beliefs.
The intent isn't to *win*, or to *catch people out*, or to *prove them wrong*.
In fact, rarely would somebody practicing street epistemology even reveal their own position.
It could even be practiced between two people who agree!
The OP, and a lot of people in this thread, don't seem to have a clue what street epistemology actually is, and are confusing it with *debate* or with random people questioning their beliefs online.
They might not just pick people who depate well/don’t show ones who do.
Additionally some people aren’t just good at responding arguments in general.
It’s a skill in the end.
But it would be good if there was more education regarding this and maybe some pamphlet type things for the commonly said things you could memorize if put on the spot.
Anyway regarding depating last well I had the experience in history class where origins or Christianity where brienfly mentioned by the professor and then the students started chiming in some inaccurate but not completely terrible comments.
I didn’t want to start on depating on class.
And I could not quite recall exactly some arguments I wanted to use and had seen before regarding things like Isis and Gilgamesh either so I didn’t want to say so something inaccurate accidentally.
But it was so aggravating.
I had just in the previous day in my prayer group had the discussion that it’s probably good for us to give our own testimonies and not feel like we need to be theology professors to say anything.
After that class I felt like I need to memorize everything to respond.
But even then class isn’t the best place to interupt in my opinion but it went on so long and the professor kind of just let it go on and said nothing.
If I was wanting to prove a point I would use the worst interviews to make the other side look bad.
I think Atheists who do SE in the spirit you imagine are genuinely good-hearted people who honestly believe the world would be better without religion of any sort.
I do think it's naive of you to suppose there aren't people who think of themselves as such while belittling and humiliating people.
Are you going to say they aren't really SEs because they don't have the same values you do?
Can I play 'no true scotsman' with Christians too?
There's plenty of us I'd like to take out of the equation.
If it makes you feel any better, Chistians have had the same problem from year 1.
&gt; I do think it's naive of you to suppose there aren't people who think of themselves as such while belittling and humiliating people.
I don't think I ever said that such people don't exist; rather, they're either misunderstanding what street epistemology is or are failing to do it correctly.
&gt; Are you going to say they aren't really SEs because they don't have the same values you do?
I would like to clarify that I wouldn't really refer to anybody inherently as a *street epistemologist*, as street epistemology isn't really something that you *are* but rather it's something that you *do*.
It's a method.
Anybody can use street epistemology.
I only use the term "*street epistemologist*" to refer to a person who is doing street epistemology at a particular point in time, in the same way that I would refer to a specific person performing a speech at a particular point in time as the *speaker*.
I wouldn't continue to refer to them as *the speaker* after they had finished their speech.
I guess some people use the term "*street epistemologist*" to refer to *proponents* of street epistemology, or to those who *regularly* practice it.
So what I would actually say is that if somebody is deliberately trying to humiliate people, belittle them or make them look foolish, then they are not actually practising street epistemology, or at the very least are not practising it *correctly*.
&gt; Can I play 'no true scotsman'

That's not really applicable here.
The idea of street epistemology is quite well defined and broadly discussed now, and there are quite obviously behaviours that contradict the definition as well as the spirit of it, or at least would be described as a *failure* to correctly apply street epistemology.
As such, anybody who engages in those behaviors is not correctly doing street epistemology.
There's nothing fallacious about that.
And by the same token, I can say there are many Christian's that are not correctly practicing Christianity, thus the reference to the *no true scotsman* fallacy, yet you feel it's not relevant.
&gt; And by the same token, I can say there are many Christian's that are not correctly practicing Christianity

The difference is that there is wide disagreement over what "*correctly practising Christianity*" actually means, with hundreds of mainstream denominations each claiming to have the *correct* approach.
As such, outside of *maybe* one or two very broad criteria, there *is* no way to identify somebody who is actually a Christian.
There are basically *no* criteria by which you can form a judgement; if somebody calls themselves a Christian, which definition, which governing body, which rules are you going to point to that all other Christians would agree with to determine whether or not they are?
With street epistemology, there *are* quite specific criteria.
You *can* determine whether or not somebody is doing it well or not, or if somebody isn't doing it *at all* (even if they think they are).
But that doesn't prove anything at all.
On the contrary: the expectations are fairly clear.
There are some easily understood expectations that are expounded on at length in new testament letters to early Christians.
Yet the papacy.
Yet the crusades.
Yet the sale of indulgences.
Yet the Spanish Inquisition.
Yet the rate of vices in American "Christians" mirrors that of the society around us.
Yet the rape of children.
Yet the embezzlement of TV Evangelists.
Yet anything else you or other Atheists may hold up as an example of why Christianity is actually harmful to society.
And Christ requested none of this.
Peter requested none of this.
1 Peter 3:15-16
[15]But in your hearts set Christ apart as holy [and acknowledge Him] as Lord.
Always be ready to give a logical defense to anyone who asks you to account for the hope that is in you, but do it courteously and respectfully.
[Isa.
8:12, 13.]
[16][And see to it that] your conscience is entirely clear (unimpaired), so that, when you are falsely accused as evildoers, those who threaten you abusively and revile your right behavior in Christ may come to be ashamed [of slandering your good lives].
But what are Christians to do when so many of us forget verse 16?
Employ the *no true scotsman* fallacy, I suppose.
Uh... ok.
&gt; I couldn’t find one video with a smart/educated Christian.
It takes a lot of study into theology and philosophy in order to fully reason out religious beliefs when being questioned by an atheist.
Very few people have that kind of dedication towards their religion.
People who are actually capable of reasoning out the Christsian viewpoint are usually found in formal atheist vs christian debates.
The likes of which often feature atheists like Harris, Hitchens, Dillahunty, Barker, Dawkins, etc.
And in those kinds of debates I can't exactly say that things go well for the Christian debater.
The theist has to make all the claims, while the atheist can just stand there and ask the theist to put forth a good argument to believe any of those claims.
No, it doesn’t.
But it’s what people tend to do to make the opposing side look bad.

Summary: 
Anybody can use street epistemology.
Can I play 'no true scotsman' with Christians too?
As such, anybody who engages in those behaviors is not correctly doing street epistemology.
*Anybody* can practice street epistemology with *anybody* else for *any* belief.
It has integrity and it’s useful.
With street epistemology, there *are* quite specific criteria.
It could even be practiced between two people who agree!
&gt; I couldn’t find one video with a smart/educated Christian.
It's like you didn't read OP's post at all.
If you want, you could practice it against atheists, or Muslims, or even other Christians!
I didn’t want to start on depating on class.
&gt; It's like you didn't read OP's post at all.
The thing is, if somebody is actually practicing street epistemology then there's nothing to actually counter.
What is this actually based on?
These folks are not above pretending to be Christians to trick people here into engaging.
Employ the *no true scotsman* fallacy, I suppose.
It isn't exclusive to atheists, either.
I do think it's naive of you to suppose there aren't people who think of themselves as such while belittling and humiliating people.
Bullies don't like picking on others they think can fight back.
