Original Response: 
This occurred around the time I turned 17.
The budget was tight, and all I could afford was Ol’ rickety.
For the enthusiasts, this was a 68 F100, rust in color with olive green shining through in a few areas.
It looked like something a sex offender retired a decade ago.
“Well she’s no panty dropper,” The haggard prior owner told me, “But she’ll get you from A to B most of the time.
Don’t try to make it to C though”

Young and naïve, I was actually excited for this arrangement.
I shelled out the $500 and drove her home.
The absolute first thing my new ride needed was a cooler steering wheel.
$40 at a parts store and a hacksaw later, I pretty much had a racecar.
(We later spray-painted the number 7 on the doors and hood for good measure).
\-Stay with me, this gets great.
(well better anyways)

Fast forward a day or so and it was time to take her on a trip into the city.
Of course, I end up stalled at a busy intersection.
I try to give her some gas, and the engine dies.
*Of course* it won’t start back up.
Rush hour, MIDDLE of the intersection with 4 lanes in every direction honking at me.
Panic ensued as I tried to hop out and push it, a growing mob of furious motorists sharpening pitchforks.
Fortunately, my luck turned for the better as a police officer pulled up.
This guy has the audacity to ask the typical cop question “What seems to be the problem?”

“Not sure, I think they’re all trying to get somewhere...”

He didn’t seem to get the joke, and offered to use his car pushers to get me out if the intersection.
(Things on the front of police cars for… Exactly this?)
I told him if he wanted to mess up a perfectly good cop car, he was welcome to try.
He seemed like a new guy and was grinning about getting to do cop stuff.
So off we went, a minor slam and we were rolling.
I cranked the wheel hard left, it took all my might without the power steering.
Remember the hacksaw/steering wheel thing?
Well in my haste, this truly may have been the biggest TIFU moment.
I had not installed the steering wheel with a lock-nut, so turning it hard enough left would cause it to literally unscrew.
We were picking up speed when the wheel spun loose in my hand and sent me on a course straight for the massive light pole.
Clearly, I did not have many options and put both feet hard on the brakes in hopes that the officer would get the message.
Unbeknownst to me, he actually wasn’t pushing anymore, and must have been 2-3 feet behind me.
This was a detriment to both of us as I felt a slam that jarred my back and made me bop my forehead on the loose fit steering wheel.
I heard a quick sharp “BOMPP” of a car horn right when we impacted, so I speculate that is where his face made contact as well.
The officer stormed out of his police car, wiping his nose as he did that angry cop walk toward me.
This guy was very obviously new at this point, as he seemed to word vomit cop things without actually getting anywhere.
The corner of his mouth was bleeding slightly.
“Get out of the vehicle!
The fuck… what the hell are you thinking?”

“Get back in your vehicle, we need to get this…P.O.S.
off my road!
NOW!”

Fortunately, I was able to use a tire iron to tighten the steering wheel back up while he was doing his thing, he finally figured out what was going on and stomped back to his vehicle for round 2.
This time the gods blessed our voyage and I was able to creep it to a nearby parking lot.
We both exited our vehicles and for a brief instant I thought we were going to brawl.
The mood was right, the adrenaline was right, and the circumstances were right.
I really thought we might fight.
“This *thing…* is NOT safe to drive.”

“Yeah I don’t think it’s going anywhere.”

“Does it even have insurance?
Where’s the license plate?
Is it... registered?”

“That’s literally where I was headed sir.”

“Well… get it fixed first.. Jesus!
And do I need to search the vehicle?” More cop vomit as I realize there’s a bong on the floorboards.
“Uh no, it’s pretty boring, just broke truck stuff mostly”

He said something else as he turned and cop-stomped back to his crown vic.
I took a quick peek at his car and was surprised at how mangled his car pushers were.
Aside from that the damage was minimal.
Of course, ol’ rickety had no noticeable damage, and started right up when I got back behind the wheel.
TL;DR – Broke down in a busy intersection, had to have a cop push me, steering wheel came off, had to hit the brakes, cop crashed into me.
*Gave his face a schoolin.
*

PRE-EDIT – I drove it for several months and ended up totaling it in a similarly comical fashion.
If viewers would like, I’ll gladly write it up.
EDIT - To dampen off the death threats, yes the original steering wheel was spindled.
The replacement was not.
Google autozone steering wheel.
It requires some sort of dimpled locking washer.
The original being ancient required a pump puller to remove.
The arms going from the center out to the steering handle parts were in the way and had to be hacked off.
Does that make more sense?
Please stop threatening to kill my family.
Just assume it makes sense.
&amp;#x200B;

EDIT 2: Requested crashing posted [Here.
](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/9gtr6x/tifu_by_wrecking_ol_rickety_a_followup_fuckup/)

&amp;#x200B;
That was a great read, follow up wreck story please!
If its not a FU feel free to post in these comments, that was the funniest dukes of hazzard type shit ive read in a while lol.
Oh it was a mess up alright... ran into the back of a van.
*On purpose..... (suspense)*
Jiminey crickets!
[removed]
Now I need to hear this story.
[removed]
Dangit doctor Deep Fingers, we're ready!
Ok now I’m definitely need to read this....
Need to see a pic of this thing with the racing number on it!
Gib story!
Best part I’m taking away is the continuous reveal of bad things.
I lost it when you mentioned you had a bong in the floorboards.
I mean, really?
!
[removed]
I wanna be you when I grow up.
Why would you...?
Ok I need this post now.
[removed]
Ill take lines rejected from rocky horror picture show for 200 alex.
Wait, you're the guy who pooped in a gatorade bottle!
[removed]
You just made me remember a story of my own, although it’s not nearly as good.
I was driving in my area one afternoon on my way home from work, and from home I’d be headed to band practice (I was in a lame country/80’s rock band at the time).
Had an old Honda Accord (98) that me and my stoner friends lovingly called “The Accord” (also, the weed didn’t do much for our creativity).
I went straight through a green light and immediately saw flashing lights behind me so I pulled into a nearby gas station lot.
Had no idea why I was getting pulled, but I was a pothead and an internet user - I knew my rights and, thank god, I didn’t have any buds to smoke in my car that day.
Cop comes up and does the cop thing, then tells me he pulled me over because of the little pine tree air freshener hanging from my rearview - it’s a visual obstruction.
Then he asks if he can search my car.
I seriously considered letting him, because as I said, I didn’t have anything to smoke in my car that day.
But, as I also said, I knew my rights - if he had any kind of probable cause he wouldn’t have had to ask, and I didn’t want to be late to band practice.
So I told him I’m sorry, I would let you, but I really need to get going so I’m not late.
The dick says okay, then writes me a $50 ticket for the air freshener and pulls away.
When I got home I realized there’d been a bong in a backpack in my back seat the whole time, a big ol’ ROOR.
From then on I smartened up, and figured my Grateful Dead “Hop on the Bus with the Dancing Bears” bumper sticker was probably making me a target.
Needless to say I didn’t carry my bong in a backpack in the backseat anymore after that.
And after I got my newest car, I settled for simply listening to the Dead when I drive.
Maybe a window sticker eventually.
Holy cow OP, you might get four front page posts in a week!
lol I'm 2 for 2 this week!
Edit- 3 for 3.
[removed]
Guilty..!
Tried more like.
And all it cost was whiplash and accidentally creating a fecal IED.
A buddy of mine had a similar truck to O.P.'s.
On the tailgate, where the FORD logo is, we spray painted some additional letters.
We edited the logo so that it said F ^l O ^o R ^e D. He got all pissed off and said it looked like he was asking for a speeding ticket.
And, he did get one.
Oops.
Stay tuned to see how Deep this Doctor got his Fingers in the back of that van.
;)
I know, it was the right amount of flowery language and detail without getting super weirdly over-written like a lot of FUs we get nowadays.
[removed]
This sounds like the third installation to Fletch and Fletch Lives!
Fecal IED.
*Nice*
So.
Many.
Questions.
Edit: Dysentery.
No more questions.
[https://www.reddit.com/r/Military/comments/9g5ulh/tifu\_by\_pooping\_into\_a\_large\_gatorade\_bottle/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Military/comments/9g5ulh/tifu_by_pooping_into_a_large_gatorade_bottle/)
More like Rickety Cricket.
Just post your life to TIFU.. please.
Your stories of fucking up are great to read.
Your username is the icing on this beautiful tifu cake.
My first car was an ‘89 Ford Taurus (simply dubbed “The Taurus”) that passed hands from my grandfather to my father to me.
I believe it was the LX model, and it had the same motor as the SHO.
That car endured absolute mayhem with me at the wheel.
I took it off roading on more than one occasion.
I got that bitch airborne.
I drag raced some friends and managed to beat a Mustang GT and a Trans Am (but I think it was because I was a bit more reckless than the other drivers).
The odd thing about that car—you could start it with anything.
The steering column didn’t properly lock.
If you knew my door code and happened to have a penny (or even just strong enough fingers), you could turn the ignition and go.
Unfortunately, my friends in high school figured this out before I did.
I was never quite sure where my car would turn up by the end of the school day.
It nearly met its end when I hit a deer one night, but the insurance company opted to fix it, despite the front end being entirely smashed in (nevermind the hoof prints on the roof...).
I was rearended near my high school three times (by other new drivers, of course).
I was hit at college twice.
Still, it persisted.
One of my great aunt’s friends offered to sell me a newer car cheap, so we sold the Taurus.
Last I knew, it was tearing up the streets of Paterson, New Jersey...and it still had my tacky dragon decal on the rear driver’s side door.
Dukes of Hazzard but instead of being on probation for moon shine its sexual assaults.
[removed]
[removed]
Are you actually Trevor Philips?
At least he didn't die of dysentery.
And the guy that had the PERFECT throw!
!
If there two things OP hates, it's kids and cops.
I go back and forth on the sticker too...
Woo oregon trail.
Pooped in a Gatorade bottle...wrecked a cop car's "pushers" with an indestructible truck...wrecked that indestructible truck by ramming it into another vehicle on purpose...
This guy knows how to have a good time!
What is this Gatorade poop thing?
Also there's a way to get high off of heated poop in a bottle.
don't ask how just enjoy the fact that you now have this information.
It sounds like your car WORKED to earn that nickname - it wasn’t just “The Taurus”....it was “THE Taurus”.
That’s hilarious about the ignition though, I didn’t know that was even a thing with any cars!
Ee-oo ee-oo ee-oo.
It’s called jenkem (sp?)
and you mix poop and pee in a bottle, shake it up and cover the top with a balloon.
The gas that is produced is methane and  it’ll get you high.
I’m sure you smell wonderful afterwards too...

Edit:  changed I’ll to it’ll.
I’m not getting anyone high.
must smell like ass.
I think you just need to publish a memoir of your stories lol.
Me either!
That car put up with a lot of shit and kept on going.
I used to have the original grill up on my wall [that the deer broke off].
Eventually, I ended up just keeping the Ford emblem.
He posted the follow up!
https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/9gtr6x/tifu_by_wrecking_ol_rickety_a_followup_fuckup/?utm_source=reddit-android.
Damn, and I thought I was rough on my car through high school and college.
The most off-roading it did tho (that I can remember) was driving on a former military base that the local sherrifs still use.
My friend saw a hole in the fence and we argued whether my car could fit through it: it did, and we spent the next while out on those fields.
Managed to avoid the sherrifs at least.
Thanks pal!
Hes quickly became my favourite author in history i love this guy!
more like insurance fraud.
You have had the truck for two seconds not even registered and you have a bong stashed in it?
~~never~~ always break more than one law at a time, son.
Since they had just bought the truck I’m thinking the previous owner may have left it in the car

Source: got a great deal on a ‘95 Toyota Avalon from a guy who was dating a coke addict...found empty cocaine baggies scattered everywhere, a crack pipe, a dab rig, papers, a joint roller, a scale, bits of weed everywhere, you name it.
For a while I was paranoid I’d be pulled over and arrested because random baggies would surface unexpectedly.
I purchased a Jeep Comanche from a guy who I first laid eyes on as the garage door slowly rolled up to reveal him doing reps on his Bowflex while smoking joint the size of a tree trunk.
Apparently his other recreational activities included shooting something that took .17 HMR and taking "natural male enhancement" pills.
For the lifetime of the vehicle I found bullets, pills, and roaches in the most random places in that truck, even after I'd literally unbolted the bench seat and taken it out so I could clean the interior.
[deleted]
One of them Break One Get One free deals.
The bongs probably worth more than the truck doesnt sound like it was left behind.
I think he had it for at least more than a day.
He installed a new steering wheel (that involved a hack saw) and painted numbers on the side.
Reminds me of this dude Zane.
That guy sounds like a legend.
OP said that happened later.
The numbers, not the steering wheel.
That’s what I meant.
Better bogo.
Honestly, he kind of was.
Maybe not someone you want to aspire to be... although maybe actually yeah, a little bit.
That’s the coolest guy I’ve ever heard of.
Go big or go home.
How do you know he put the bong in there first?
Duh, for efficiency, obviously.
I don’t, I only meant the numbers.
[deleted]
Or in this case, a bong-o.
&gt; This occurred around the time I turned 17.
I mean if the cop sees the bong he’ll forget all about the registration...
Did you miss the 17 part?
It’s a free ticket to jail bro!
I bought a police car from a police auction in college, with the car pusher and side lights.
Came with so many spent shotgun shells (and eaten sunflower seeds).
We named her Dirty Vicky.
Ya wtf!
Also what kind of idiot puts a steering wall on that screws off?
They have splines and a nut.
I have never heard of a screw off steering wheel and frankly it sound very dangerous.
So many questions!?!?!
Why would you need a hacksaw to install a new steering wheel?
It is a nut and a spline.

Summary: 
I wanna be you when I grow up.
Ok I need this post now.
I think he had it for at least more than a day.
I don’t, I only meant the numbers.
I got that bitch airborne.
The numbers, not the steering wheel.
I was hit at college twice.
I go back and forth on the sticker too...
And, he did get one.
Now I need to hear this story.
I took it off roading on more than one occasion.
I lost it when you mentioned you had a bong in the floorboards.
\-Stay with me, this gets great.
I really thought we might fight.
I shelled out the $500 and drove her home.
Unfortunately, my friends in high school figured this out before I did.
I’m not getting anyone high.
This occurred around the time I turned 17.
Remember the hacksaw/steering wheel thing?
Damn, and I thought I was rough on my car through high school and college.
This guy knows how to have a good time!
I think you just need to publish a memoir of your stories lol.
Then he asks if he can search my car.
I try to give her some gas, and the engine dies.
Eventually, I ended up just keeping the Ford emblem.
&gt; This occurred around the time I turned 17.
Of course, I end up stalled at a busy intersection.
That guy sounds like a legend.
He seemed like a new guy and was grinning about getting to do cop stuff.
Why would you need a hacksaw to install a new steering wheel?
That car endured absolute mayhem with me at the wheel.
(Things on the front of police cars for… Exactly this?)
The steering column didn’t properly lock.
I seriously considered letting him, because as I said, I didn’t have anything to smoke in my car that day.
