Original Response: 
So I have seen someone build a tiny fog machine with a little pump attached to a Kanger T2 Clearomizer.
Very similar to this setup http://valkyriestudios.net/making-a-mini-fog-machine/ just basically going in reverse and pumping the air in through the tip.
However I'd like to have a bigger tank to have it last a bit longer, so I looked around and they all seem to have a different battery connector (For example the Uwell Crown 3), just a thread with another pole in the middle, and not a "metal tube" which can be used to pump vapor through.
Is there a way to use one like these in the same way as the Kanger T2?
Kanger T2 uses an "ego" connector which is pretty much obsolete at this point, so finding something suitable will a challenge for you.
Everything now uses the same "510" connector as the Crown 3 you mentioned.
Lots of newer tanks have rather large air holes on the base of the tank though so you should still be able to rig something up.
Since it sounds like you're fairly handy you might want to attempt to use an RTA (rebuildable tank atomizer).
A Kayfun monster might be just about perfect for your idea since it has absolutely massive air holes and is incredibly easy to build.
Ah I see, so basically the air holes with a 510 connector will always be on the side like with the Kayfun monster?
Couldn't I just drill my own on the bottom then and close the ones on the side?
But yea as you said with massive holes like that even if it is on the side I could work with that.
Some tanks have air holes much closer to the top, but on the side near the bottom is definitely the norm.
You might be able to drill your own holes in some tanks if you're incredibly careful, but most of them aren't designed  where that's even an option.
Some of the original 510 tanks had air holes on the 510 connection, but that idea was terrible and abandoned quickly.
Ah yes I've seen some now, while that could probably work out as well somehow, lower seems more convenient.
Yea I wasn't quite sure how they are put together, I was hoping there might be a little "air chamber" where the air holes meet.
That would make drilling easy.
The Kayfun V3 however seems to have a tunnel connecting the 2 airholes at the same diameter, I suppose drilling into that should prove no problem?
I can see why that is not a thing, would be super convenient for me though lol


What about other egos though?
Are there tanks that big with that connector?
And if there are, is it still possible to buy them?
Most ego tanks were about the size of the T2.
I think the Aspire ET-S is about the biggest one made at 3ml and by some miracle it does seem to still be available.
Myfreedomsmokes has them for $4.95.
I can't post a direct link because of reddit rules about sites selling anything with nicotine.
Oh thanks!
That would certainly be a nice backup if I end up being unable to use one with a 510 connector!
Would still be a 25% increase from the T2.
One more question about the air holes of 510s though, how warm do they get?
I suppose the vapour would be hotter if I pumped it out that way as opposed to the normal tip on the top?
Might just do it the normal way then.
Also, are sub Ohms the norm now?
And is the increased power consumption worth the increase in vapour?
Of course I'd want a decent production of vapour, but still need to manage the power supply so it won't run out before the tank.
There shouldn't be a huge difference in heat whether the vapor comes out the mouthpiece or the air holes.
Airflow is what keeps things relatively cool.
Some people regularly do a "priming" exhale through their atomizer before they inhale and you can see the vapor plume out the air holes when they do it.
Subohms are definitely the norm now, but whether the increase in power consumption is worth it will be up to you.
The amp draw is also MUCH higher for low resistance setups, so you'll need to be more careful choosing the batteries, and make sure your electronics can handle the increased current.
I see, so attaching a rubber tube should be no problem heat wise?
Using metal would be quite a hassle.
If I end up not using the Kayfun Monster, which right now looks the easiest, are there any brands I should avoid?
I have read Smok is getting quite bashing lol


Ah yea that huge increase is quite off-putting, so I really need to snoop around a bit more to get a feeling for the difference in vapour production and if that could possibly be worth it, though it's likely I won't go down as low as subohms.
What about the increase in consumption of liquid?
Is it just linear to the increase in vapour?
If you decide to attach the tube to the mouthpiece then there really won't be any heat on it unless you let it run too long or let the tank run dry.
Nobody really has a reputation as bad as Smok, but Wismec can be pretty hit or miss with their quality too.
Liquid consumption definitely goes up as you get more vapor too.
You can tell that by the increase in bottle size over the years.
In the beginning people regularly bought 10-15ml bottles, now 100-120ml bottles are very common.
Well either way I'll probably end up putting a tube on the airholes so it would be nice if it doesn't get too hot around them.
Well as soon as the tank runs dry I'll see that no vapour is coming out anymore right?
Or does it get too hot even before that?
Alright, I'll just avoid those then to be sure.
Oh wow that's a lot.
Well I guess I've got enough information to just get one and play around a bit!
Thank you so much for all your help!
!

Summary: 
Would still be a 25% increase from the T2.
Might just do it the normal way then.
Are there tanks that big with that connector?
Is it just linear to the increase in vapour?
What about the increase in consumption of liquid?
One more question about the air holes of 510s though, how warm do they get?
Using metal would be quite a hassle.
Most ego tanks were about the size of the T2.
