Original Response: 
[deleted]
OF course it did.
The sell off had nothing to do with Kapernick, nor does the uptick.
It's just moved with the market.
Lol.... yea Nike dropped 4% right when the ad came out, but it had nothing to do with kaepernick... uhhh yea.
Look at what the market did that day.
uhh yea.
The ad aired on the night of 9/6.
On 9/7 the Dow fell like .04% dude and the S&amp;P gained... do you even know what you’re talking about?
You got any actual data you wanna use to make your argument?
And people are upvoting you, sad.
And Adidas fell over 2%.
Just a comparable athletic apparel company.
So yeah, it moved with the market.
But you stick with the correlation = causation idea.
That always works.
The Dow is up today as I just took a dump.
You're welcome investors!
Nike fell twice what adidas did in basis points.
If the kaep thing has no effect, they should have fallen around 2%, according to your logic, but they didn’t.
There’s actually a size-able disparity in their performances.
You stick with having absolutely no argument at all, despite the numerous statistical contradictions you and I both presented.
And what is the actual point you are trying to make?
That Colin Kapernick appearing in a non political ad is going to have some sort of appreciable effect on the overall business of Nike?
This is what happens when alt right subs leak into places like r/business.
What they wish and hope is reality gets mixed with objective and rational view of people who actually work in markets and don't overreact to meaningless daily ups and downs.
That nikes drop in stock was due to their kaep commercial.
Pretty simple.
You’re pretty emotional my man.
Sorry you couldn’t win a debate on its merits, better luck next time.
Congrats for crowning yourself winner.
I'm sure it feels great!
Well you quit after you tried to say a 2% and 4% drop were similar rates of decrease soooooo not my fault.
Wait so did you win or are you still trying to figure out what point you're making?
I'm confused now.
It would be easier for you just to declare yourself correct again.
Let me know when you’d actually like to defend your claim there’s no notable difference between a 2% and a 4% decrease in share value.
Feel free to continue obsessing over a single day dip in a stock that happened a week ago and has since been erased.
This is obviously very important and meaningful.
Lmao dude you started off arguing kaep had no effect on the Nike stock drop don’t act like this came out of no where, if you didn’t want to support your claim you shouldn’t have made it!
Listen, like I said I know it's very important to you that up and down blips that happen over the course of a few days are all about Colin Kapernick for some reason.
You are free to feel that way if for some reason it means something to you.
Don’t make claims if you don’t wanna defend them, it’s not hard bud.
You don’t have to get so worked up for being wrong.
Everybody’s wrong once in awhile!
Sorry I forgot.
You had already declared yourself to be right.
My bad!
Quick question though, just because I'm curious.
If Nike went down because of the ad, did it go right back up because of the ad as well?
Like did people not like it at first and then immediately decide they did?
Would love your analysis.
Yea that’s a good point too the rise in sales due to the controversy raised the stock price back up to its previous level and even higher.
Who knows what investors will do long term, it depends on how consumers are reacting long term to Nike as a brand.
None of the data coming out of the past 5-6 days will tell you how Nike is going to be in a month or a year.
Well go ahead and tell us how there’s no notable difference between a share value decrease of -2% to -4% then.
You won’t because there’s not.
I mean I’ve asked you like 5 times now lol, it’s clear you’re trying your best to win on snark, which I guess is typical for reddit.

Summary: 
You won’t because there’s not.
And what is the actual point you are trying to make?
Look at what the market did that day.
And Adidas fell over 2%.
You had already declared yourself to be right.
You don’t have to get so worked up for being wrong.
It's just moved with the market.
That nikes drop in stock was due to their kaep commercial.
