Original Response: 
Pretty sure more than half of Canadians have credit cards.
...and 80% of those cards are maxed.
Edit - that number is anecdotal.
Source?
Just a guess honestly, based on how often I see and hear people bitch about it.
A lot of Canadians are (stupidly) already carrying a balance on their cards, and even if they weren't their cards might not be able to cover their living costs for two weeks.
I don’t understand why people borrow on their credit cards.
I essentially just use it for payment processing and pay back the principal immediately.
That would be because a lot of people are either undereducated on the subject or idiots.
I count myself among them, unfortunately.
Lack of impulse control mixed with poor financial habits and a large case of FOMO, that’s my problem anyways.
shit I could live off my cards for a year no problem.
That seems like a dumb back up plan, though.
Same.
If I do find myself in a rutt I use the credit line.
Yeah word.
My credit limit is probably half my annual salary, so I could potentially live off that for some time.
Then you clearly have more credit than at least 50% of Canadians.
Bully.
I’m nearly a year into being able to finally do this.
It was a grind to get here, but now that I’m here it feels great.
Haven’t had interest hit my CC statement in 10 months.
*And* I’ve got almost a grand in WestJet dollars to show for it, too.
So the next vacation will be a free upgrade from our usual budget.
Same.
All-in my wife and I could maintain our lifestyle for six months on credit alone.
We could probably survive eighteen months to two years if we cancelled all the frivolities.
I needed to pay for something in an emergency and now I’m fucked because it’s sitting at max (only 3 grand) but at 20% interest I can’t make it go away at what I make.
Got laid off a few years ago, could land another job for almost a year and had no other source of money.
Almost hit $7000 before I had a job to make minimum payments.
Now working a good job with good pay, should be able to pay it off in 2.5 years...yay.
lol for some people it's the only backup plan.
I've had student friends who would live on their cards for the year and work their asses off in summer to pay it back just in time.
&gt;Lack of impulse control mixed with poor financial habits and a large case of FOMO, that’s my problem anyways

And I'm proud of you for admitting it.
It's not easy.
They tried to give me a credit card for my entire yearly salary, I was like: what are you crazy?
whatever it is, if I don't have the cash I'm not buying it anyway.
I use it to buy gas and stuff online what is wrong with you

The banker looked at me like I'M THE CRAZY ONE

My credit is already impeccable, I just have no use for that shit.
Ya the banks will loan you enough to hang yourself, and then if they figure out you lost your job they pull the chair out from under you.
Bad plan.
If you’re smart enough to use only what you need, what’s the harm in having it?
You don’t pay anything that you don’t draw.
Canadian banks are great for monitoring and refunding any fraud that happens.
Having the capacity for debt, even if you don’t use it, will always reflect well.
Who knows, maybe someday you want a small business loan and they’d like proof that you won’t go crazy at the sight of more debt.
I have a HELOC on my home that is nearly paid off and a credit line that I don't use, both at very significantly better rates.
So basically I already have enough credit, to buy a house in Toronto, and i don't use the credit card for big purchases.
The credit card is where I'm most likely to see a fraudulent attempt, and yes the banks are good at refunding, but why not put a reasonable cap on it?
My credit is impeccable; it can't be any better.
It seems pointless.
Consider a consolidation loan or a balance transfer.
Consolidation loans are great and are fairly easy to get (we did one through a credit union, not sure if banks are more hesitant to approve them).
Or, sign up for an MBNA credit card (or any other card) that'll give you 0% interest for 12 months on the transferred balance.
Even if you don't manage to pay off the full transfer balance in that 0% period, you'll still just go back to a credit card level interest rate (likely 19 or 20%, but do your research) on whatever is left over.
So you'd end up paying less interest overall even if you can't pay it all at 0%.
Same.
Get both a credit card and a line of credit.
Lines of credit are often around 7%.
If you cant pay off the credit card transfer the balance over.
Perfectly reasonable answer.
Cheers.
I tried that before, but I couldn't get approved for any.
I now have a job but I'm still only making half of what i used to.
Couldn't hurt to re-apply, though, right?
If you have a spouse who's also working they could co-sign.

Summary: 
Get both a credit card and a line of credit.
...and 80% of those cards are maxed.
If you cant pay off the credit card transfer the balance over.
shit I could live off my cards for a year no problem.
I don’t understand why people borrow on their credit cards.
Pretty sure more than half of Canadians have credit cards.
I now have a job but I'm still only making half of what i used to.
If I do find myself in a rutt I use the credit line.
My credit is impeccable; it can't be any better.
