Original Response: 
Can someone please explain why you're a squid if u don't cover yourself with gear.
I just don't get the similarity.
Squid don’t have shells.
Ah ok. Thanku.
Though squid are much faster than turtles or snails.
Lol.
That too.
You learn from your mistakes.
For me it was a quick 2 minute ride to the gas station for fuel for later.
But all it takes is a small gravel patch you dont see when you turn.
Oh I know.
Had plenty of road rash.
Usually do dress like a turtle unless its 90 degrees.
But at least still boots, jeans, and full faced helmet.
Hadn't ever heard the term squid till I found Reddit.
Lol yea.
I HAD Jean's on till they made them shorts with scissors.
I had tons of rashes on my arms and back.
Oh jeez my back.
But I cant post them all cuz reddit doesn't have a album post.
Yeah, just regular jeans wont do much.
My jeans got fucked up from falling off a bike at like 10mph before, so I dont trust that for motorcycles at all.
I have some kevlar lined jeans with knee protection for the bike - probably not great but better than nothing.
I got leather chaps to I usually wear.
I've thought about trying the Kevlar jeans.
Are they comfortable?
Some say its derived from "squirrelly kid", but mostly it's 

• S tupid

• Q uick

• U nderdressed

• I mminently

• D ead.
Ok thanku.
That one makes sense.
IMO they are more comfortable than regular jeans for riding.
The waistband is some sort of elastic denim so it conforms to moving around on the seat much better.
It took a while to get the kneepads in a comfortable but protective position, but not too bad.
They definitely got more comfortable over the first month of wearing them as well, so they might have a bit of a break in period.
The best explanation I've heard is that a squid is someone who wears a helmet and nothing else.
After an accident, there's just a head with slimy appendages hanging out.
And squid is easier to say than octopus.

Summary: 
I just don't get the similarity.
IMO they are more comfortable than regular jeans for riding.
I had tons of rashes on my arms and back.
Yeah, just regular jeans wont do much.
I've thought about trying the Kevlar jeans.
