Original Response: 
Infrastructure investment is lovely and all but it doesn't really mean much without ongoing funding for research.
IME most universities over spend on infrastructure as is.
Yeah, my uni just got done spending a keen 5 million on a new building for their cash-cow business school, meanwhile tons of other degrees were restructured to remove all choice to cut costs for.. Erm, no clue really?
God, seeing how universities spend money can be so infuriating.
Sure, they'll just straight up cut tutorials for courses because enrollment is *too high*, they'll let lecture theatres rot when a few grand per room would fix the broken desks and peeling paint, but if some old fuck is starting to feel his mortality we better spend 10x what it'd cost to restore the entire damn campus on something we can stick a plaque on.
No doubt there's reasons to justify this pattern but on the ground it just stinks of mismanagement.
It's about departmental dick swinging.
In most unis the money isn't assigned on a needs basis but by which department head can spin the best bullshit and throw the most weight around.
They'll do shit like build a state of the art lab that looks great in brochures but gets used for a basic first year tute.
What uni?
La Trobe.
[deleted]
Thought so.
Same.
To be fair though, 5 million for a building doesn’t sound like much.
I'm not sure on the actual price, it's a pretty huge building that occupies a very prime place on campus so it might have cost way more than that.
Yeah I know why it is going on.
But it is still a waste of money to kit out a first year bio-lab like it is going to be used to develop NBC weapons.
But if they kitted it out for what it is actually going to be used for then it would just look like a high school lab and that doesn't impress prospective students and visitors.
Wait... they're spending money on their business school!?
Fuck me, when did that happen.
I thought they just cut everything to put in more trees.
Fuck John Dewar, he's a rodent and always will be.
This reminds me of that episode of Third Rock From the Sun when Dick is in a wheelchair and makes a big song and dance to force the university into building an expensive ramp near his office just for him.
Causing a daycare centre to not get built.
Its not only that.
Its great spending in R&amp;D but they also need to invest more in local contracts with local companies.
Australian governments dont support local companies  that do their R&amp;D and product development in Australia.
A good example  is the defence area.
Just about 99% of contracts go to overseas Multi nationals and all that they do is employ locals as token gestures in minor contract or PR roles.
The real engineering and  R&amp;D is done back in the overseas locations.
You might as well call  Australia Defence Industries, British Aerospace Industries or Boeing Defence Industries.
None of the contracts are awarded to real local based companies.
Its a gravy train back to the UK or the USA.
Our politicians dont like and dont trust our companies  and people.
So as much as this R&amp;D is money is welcome who will  give these graduates jobs and what companies will commercialise the research?
In Australia essentially nobody.
They only need to look at the US Defence industries and their relationships with the University sector, its massive because their government gives billions to the university sectors for leading R&amp;D research that is commercialised and most of these contracts is just to keep the leading edge expertise and brains in the USA.
Until our politicians become more nationalistic and  start rewarding Australians and Australian companies this R&amp;D money will largely be wasted and most of the leading edge graduates will go overseas, thats the reality in Australia.
One of the few countries in the world that treats its best brains so dismally.
Our best graduates become project managers while we boost other countries real engineering expertise.
Another waste of money destined to achieve little without heavy involvement of Australian companies that  are not branches of the biggest aerospace companies in the world.
Just look at our submarine project!

Summary: 
IME most universities over spend on infrastructure as is.
God, seeing how universities spend money can be so infuriating.
Wait... they're spending money on their business school!?
Fuck me, when did that happen.
Yeah I know why it is going on.
None of the contracts are awarded to real local based companies.
