Original Response: 
find a new issue... dont want abortion fine dont get it.
People who want it shouldn't be harassed by you.
&gt;dont want abortion fine dont get it.
People who are anti-abortion literally believe it is murder.
If someone who was anti-abortion read your comment, it would come out like this:

&gt;find a new issue... dont want murder fine don't murder anyone

Just an FYI from someone who believes abortion should be legal.
I'm really confused as to why pro-abortion people don't try to convince anti-abortion people that abortion isn't murder rather than just screaming at them that they hate women.
\*pro-choice.
No one is pro-abortion.
To answer your question: because it's not about the abortion, it's about the person and their right of autonomy over their own bodies.
Most of the people going to the clinics are not even goung for abbortion but they still get equaly as harrased about it as the people who do go for an abbortion.
Its not right for these people to do such a thing.
They have tried.
The anti abortion group group entirely disagrees with the pro choice group on exactly when its alive.
I'm confused why some people think they should be able to force other people to have babies they do not want.
But there’s another life in there that is separate from the moms body.
[removed]
Not up to the point that pregnancy terminations are done, there isn't.
And certainly not a 'separate' one.
And it will be seperated from the mother's body if she does not want to host it since she is an adult with full personhood under the law, not a vessel for a parasite.
Are you arguing that you should only get one homicide charge?
Are you planning on killing someone?
That is a fucked up thing to think.
There is an organism with DNA that is separate from the mother and different from the mother.
dont bring your science into a this.
feelings are whats important.
If all it took was DNA then is killing an animal murder?

Summary: 
People who want it shouldn't be harassed by you.
&gt;dont want abortion fine dont get it.
People who are anti-abortion literally believe it is murder.
