Original Response: 
Brazilians and teaching respect.
Name a more iconic fucking annoying duo.
Sounds like you could be taught some hespec.
Brazilians and steroids.
Dagestanis and legacy?
Brendan Schaub and never ending nonsense.
[removed]
Jon Jones and Cocain.
wha'elsugot ev.
Brazil cards and corrupt judging.
Of for sure I agree 100% b.
HBO commentary and Canelo.
UFC São Paulo and fighters pulling out.
Americans and "spreading democracy"
Hey HEY ITS LIBERATION!
those fuckin hats dude.
ratfucks and petrol stations.
needles and poopchutes.
I think you'd be surprised.
Dana White and Goofs.
Brazilians and following the rules.
u hgatch 2 hass espetch.
[removed]
Khabib and dishing out *fes chenj*.
Ben Askren and trying to be relevant.
/r/mma and bandwagoning.
Americans and racism.
Issa Charles Schwab.
I do not now of a Brandon.
There's levels to this.
There's levels to this.
😂😂😂 DADDY AND NOT HAVING A JOB 🤣🤣🤣.
We workin here!
[deleted]
The Japanese and "honor"?
You got no job mothafuckas?
I cant get that clip out of my head.
I swear to god I could crash my (new to me) car, dog could die, house burn down, but all I would think about is "enjoy the favelas, BETCH" and cant help but smile.
Co-Cain Velasquez?
Lmao same here i still watch it multiple times a day.
Professional wrestlers and dying due to heavy drug use.
Chin water wii doing her.
Mma-decisions.com found no correlation between Brazil cards and controversial judging.
This is just an annoying myth.
Adelaide Byrd and watching a different fight.
You forgot the "/s"
The database is there for you to see.
They separate "controversial decisions" by number of disagreeing media members.
Every year they throw out some statistics.
The one about Brazil cards was on 2016, I think.
They found more (arguably) shitty decision on Vegas than Brazil.
There are way more fights in Vegas.
Probably 20x more.
I meant proportionally, ofc.
Like I said, the data is up for the disbelivers to look at themselves.

Summary: 
I do not now of a Brandon.
I think you'd be surprised.
Brazil cards and corrupt judging.
The one about Brazil cards was on 2016, I think.
There are way more fights in Vegas.
I cant get that clip out of my head.
Brazilians and following the rules.
The database is there for you to see.
