Original Response: 
Yes I know this has probably been talked to death already but it deserves to be a hot topic right now.
At the time of me writing this, there are a total of 707 sigils of nullification on the trading post.
That's enough for just about 28 players in total to finish the armor collection.
1 sigil is also up to 13 gold right now.
Up until now they have only been used in very small amounts in 2 crafting recipes which kept the demand very low.
There is no way to craft the sigils, there is no reliable way to get them at all, except for leveling a new char to lvl 64 which isn't exactly sustainable.
Anet, how on earth did you think this was a good idea?
It's fine, let it die out for a month or two, it will go down.
Ecto was the same, no?
Except there is consistent income of ectoplasm.
Honestly unless a new source is added I could see it staying high until they shut off the servers.
We are basically at the whim of the people that bought them out immediately and how greedy they are with listing them back into the market.
Ectoplasm isn't a good example as it's used in a lot of recipes and gambling, but more importantly you have a steady flow of it on the trading post which makes manipulating the price much harder.
Otherwise the price is indeed going to drop in few months simply because less people are going to be interested in it, for instance Foxfire Cluster is worthless now but was quite expansive when Mawdrey came out, again not necessary a good example because Foxfire Cluster can be farmed quite easily.
What, except for salvaging rares and exotics, gives ecto?
I need a lot of it...
I am consistently capped out on my ecto slot in material storage.
Reason why?
I run world bosses.
Keeps giving me a steady supply.
You cant really compare Ecto's and those sigils..
I see...
I need more gold than ecto, so I mostly run gold farms, those are not as ecto-giving.
This is your steady source.
You forget supply VS demand.
To get the price to drop you either need to increase the supply or decrease the demand.
I can't see demand dropping any time soon so the only way to get the price to drop is to increase the supply.
A crafting recipe is one easy way to do it, but a sigil selection box (or something of the like) tied to meta events would also fit the bill and would also increase incentive to participate in the metas which is good for everyone.
When was the last time ectos didn't have a surplus with more supply than demand?
Because the latest events that tried to "drain" ectos from the economy barely touched the surplus.
I guess that if everyone stop crafting it (with all the pain that involves) I'm sure that's a shout-out to the developers and won't feed speculator's wallet.
The armor sets are nice but don't worth that pain just because a few people just "cheated".
It's not even a case of people cashing in.
Before the episode came up, there was about 22500 sigils on the market, according to GW2BLTC, which is enough for... 900 players.
Of course the price was going to spike up like crazy, it didn't even need tp barons for that.
Either Anet wanted the prices to spike, or they didn't even look at what they were doing.
&gt; Either Anet wanted the prices to spike, or they didn't even look at what they were doing.
The latter.
You pointed a real thing, this would happen in any case.
And clearly Anet didn't see this coming.
Its not even cheating.
&gt; or they didn't even look at what they were doing.
They clearly didn't evaluate it properly.
Like others I will not make the armor set.
Data-mining is not even playing.
I never claimed Data-mining was playing.
I said buying stuff and selling it for more gold isn't cheating.
Well the word is placed between inverted commas because it was supposed to get some effort from the reader.
The problem is that since they were at merchant price, people just sold then to the merchant instead of putting them on the tp...
&gt; or they didn't even look at what they were doing

Dev 1: "hey we need an item for this achievement that nullifies some bad mumbojumbo.
do we have anything for that?"
Dev 2: "well we have a sigil of nullification in the data base"

Dev 1: "good enough"

Summary: 
Ecto was the same, no?
I need a lot of it...
&gt; or they didn't even look at what they were doing.
Data-mining is not even playing.
Either Anet wanted the prices to spike, or they didn't even look at what they were doing.
It's not even a case of people cashing in.
&gt; Either Anet wanted the prices to spike, or they didn't even look at what they were doing.
