Original Response: 
We have been together for almost 3 years.
We are in different countries right now (long distance relationship).
Yesterday, she was going crazy that I tried to flirt with many girls before the relationship looking desperately for a girlfriend and just found her.
What she means is that I didn’t truly love her and I am just with her because she was one of many girls I tried to hit on.
This is not true.
I liked her fell in love with her and she knew all this.
She was like, if I knew you were like this I would never have gotten together with you.
She also adds that my friends told her that it’s all true.
Is she having second thoughts on me or she just wants drama?
Because I never flirted with girls before and after the relationship.
I am an introvert and she knows that.
I don’t know what to do.
TLDR: Girlfriend is mad that she was not my only choice.
Keeps telling me that I used to hit on all girls before our relationship.
But I didn’t.
Why does she think you were desperately flirting with any and every available girl before the relationship?
Because our friends told her that and she says that she had been thinking about it.
Why would your friends lie to your girlfriend about something like this?
I have no idea.
I can’t ask my friends because they are gonna think I am crazy for asking something like: “Hey did you tell my girlfriend that I was flirting with girls three years ago”.
That makes no sense.
If they're your friends why would they think you're crazy for asking them about something that they did?
So it is okay to ask them about this?
Yes.
And have you actually told her that you weren't flirting with anyone and that your friends were either lying or joking?
Of course.
That was my first answer.
I thought she was just casually asking.
I said of course not.
You know I can’t flirt with girls.
And then she started saying all these things.
I mean I believe you but if your friends told her I'd understand why she's questioning things.
Yeah, I better talk to my friends and ask them what’s the matter!

Summary: 
I am an introvert and she knows that.
I don’t know what to do.
I said of course not.
I thought she was just casually asking.
