Original Response: 
Hi so I'm trading:

Loveball scyther(jolly) with defog

ultraball alolan vulpix(timid) with HA and moonblast

moonball mimikyu

beastball rockruff(jolly) with own tempo and 4 egg moves

I can also add loveball marill(adamant)  with eggmoves

will add more after some breeding

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

also a shiny mimikyu(adamant) in a moontball that just came out while breeding fr compe mimikyu (2iv)

(if possible for other shinys or legends) willing to negotiate

&amp;#x200B;

so i'm looking for mostly pokemon in apricorn balls and with HA trade is 1:1 but can negotiate

all is self bred

&amp;#x200B;
Hi, I can offer you any one of these Love Ball 5IV 4 Egg Move HA pokemon:

-Abra

-Eevee

-Alolan Vulpix

-Ralts

-Mawile

-Treecko

-Squirtle

-Froakie

-Cyndaquil

-Torchic.
What are you willing to trade for the squirtle and cyndaquil?
I would really appreciate a Love Ball Scyther and Love Ball Marill!
: )
Do you need iv's for them?
If so it'll take around 30 mins to breed a decent one.
No, that's fine.
I can handle the IV breeding, as long as they're in Love Balls.
Ok do you want the thick fat or huge powwr marill?
Huge Power would be great.
Got your huge power marill already so i'll be adding you than i'll be waiting at the plaza.
Nice.
I'll have your Squirtle and Cyndaquil done in a sec, and I'll head online.
Tell me if you are ready to trade.
I'm ready to trade.
I'll be in the plaza.
Thabks for the trade and berries.
Oh and if you have a fastball growlithe i'm interested in it.
I do have a spare Fast Ball Growlithe in my box!
I can get the hidden ability, but it will take about 20 minutes.
I can wait what do you want for it.
I can breed a moonball ralts,beastball wimpod or beastball deino.
I'm interested in the Beast Ball Deino.
I'll get your Growlithe ASAP.
I also need to breed the deino, its ok if the growlithe doesn't have any ivs.
I have your Growlithe ready!
I'm available to trade now.
Are you available later around same time we first traded?
Yes.
That will work.
I'm available to trade now.
Let me know when you are ready.
Ok be up in a minute.
Im at the plaza already.
Thanks for the growlithe and berry have a nice day!
Thank you, and likewise!

Summary: 
I have your Growlithe ready!
I'm available to trade now.
I'll be in the plaza.
Tell me if you are ready to trade.
Im at the plaza already.
