Original Response: 
Alt for obvious reasons.
This happened a little over 13 hours ago.
Let me start from the beginning, there's a lot of details to the story.
Also I'd like to point out that I did not know it was a hotel employee's at the time.
&amp;nbsp;

So at around 1pm I call home and get the whole spiel about working hard.
Without going into too much detail, I was just generally frustrated at the start of the day.
At 2pm my buddy and I are getting Five Guys, and I ordered a burger and a "Little" fry (smallest size they have).
Little did I know that apparently it's standard procedure for the workers to give you quadruple the amount of fries you expected.
Not joking, the bottom half of the bag was *filled* with fries.
I mean, free fries = no complaints here.
But anyway, I ate my burger and as many fries as I could until I decided to save the rest for after class.
&amp;nbsp;

At 2:45pm I'm driving my buddy back to the hotel (19 of us live in a hotel while our new house gets built) and as I start to leave the lot, I see a car double-parked *directly center* over the yellow line.
I didn't take a picture, but believe me when I say the yellow line was directly center under the car.
This balls-of-steel move paired with my previous frustration led to me getting *pissed*.
This had to be deliberate.
The person who parked like that had to have done it on purpose, just to be an asshole.
I immediately thought of those business cards you see online that say "You park like an asshole", but realized that those cards sadly only exist in my dreams, so I scrambled for a plan B.
That's when I looked down at the greasy bag of projectiles at my feet.
So with the blessing of God himself I mustered all my strength to grab that sweet, hefty scoop that only comes once in a generation, and I catapulted it out of my window at the back of the double-parked car.
Only about four or five fries actually landed on the trunk, and the rest hit the ground.
I then drove off with a big swinging dick, confident that I taught them a lesson the hard way not to double park.
10 minutes later it's 3:30pm and I'm in class, and I start to feel bad about doing it.
After all, maybe the owner was in a rush or had a bad day too.
&amp;nbsp;

Then a little later, the buddy I dropped off texts me and says the hotel staff is looking for me.
And they're pissed.
&amp;nbsp;

There were no cameras in the parking lot or really anywhere in the hotel, so you might ask, how did I get caught?
Well, the hotel parking lot is right outside the window next to the front desk, so they saw the car that did it.
I've also been living in the hotel for a few weeks now so they recognize me and my name, and they also recognize the car I drive because it sticks out from the rest.
I also did it in broad daylight, so that didn't help.
Anyway, I immediately got worried because I both felt really bad and didn't want to have to pay some huge fine.
So I called the front desk after class and said "Hi, I'm the guy who threw the fries at the car".
I then asked to speak with the car owner, and after profusely apologizing, I explained the whole situation, offered to both buy her a voucher for the car wash down the street, and last but not least, offered to pick up the fries.
So I did.
(I also apologized in person when I got back to the hotel.)
In the end, I was on my hands and knees picking up fries off the ground of a parking lot.
And to add insult to injury, the ground was covered in tiny pieces of a broken bottle.
&amp;nbsp;

But one last detail.
After all of this, as I was slaving away picking up fries, I noticed something: the car was no longer double-parked.
No, they moved it to a single parking space, like a civilized driver.
For the rest of the day, I reveled in my little victory.
Worth it.
---

**TL;DR: Drove past a car in the hotel parking lot that was obviously double-parked on purpose, was already pissed at something unrelated, had a bunch of leftover fries, threw them out of my window at her car and drove to class, an hour later I got a text from my friend saying the hotel staff are looking for me.
Ended up picking up fries off the ground which was conveniently covered in broken glass.
**
Why would you need to pick up fries?
It’s a parking lot, a scavenging animal will come eat them eventually.
You know, I’m actually a human being too..
Username doesn't check out.
/r/Frugal_Jerk.
Shh.
It was mostly a respect thing.
I felt bad for doing it and didn't want to just leave them there in the parking lot.
It's a parking lot so its okay to litter?
Food isn’t the same as plastic litter.
It's a mess on someone else's property and the fries were in a package.
The way I read it, he scooped out the bag and threw them.

Summary: 
I mean, free fries = no complaints here.
It's a parking lot so its okay to litter?
(I also apologized in person when I got back to the hotel.)
I felt bad for doing it and didn't want to just leave them there in the parking lot.
I also did it in broad daylight, so that didn't help.
Why would you need to pick up fries?
For the rest of the day, I reveled in my little victory.
In the end, I was on my hands and knees picking up fries off the ground of a parking lot.
