Original Response: 
Sorry if this doesn't beling here- just throw it away if that's the case.
It's half vent half a cry for help.
The literal act of having sex doesn't arouse me[19F] at all.
Like my body might respond to what's happening but my mind doesn't and therefore having an orgasm with someone is impossible.
I don't know if I'm just SO desensitized to sex from porn or super intense fantasies but I just don't enjoy sex in the ways that I enjoy masturbation (namely, having a freaking orgasm).
I really try to tell myself that it's fine and I try to see sex as a more emotionally-exhaustive thing but it really gets to me sometimes... and honestly I don't even see the point in trying to explore things with my boyfriend[19M] because I feel like a lost cause?
Sex is about as mundane to me as writing an essay and GOD I wish I could just feel something that made sex worthwhile for me.
It's not even like my boyfriend doesn't try to make me feel good.
He does try.
I just don't feel anything.
I don't think I'm asexual because I do desire sex and experience sexual attraction and have sexual feelings, but I just don't get anything out of it.
It's always been like this for me and I have no idea how to change that.
To make it worse I only ever hear about people's "oh my partner made me cum 567 times while we were just watching cartoons and they didn't even want reciprocation" stories and I'm struggling to even feel aroused with every one of my partners I've ever had.
I really don't know what to do and no one has ever said anything substantial to me so I figured I'd try this sub.
Thanks for reading.
TL;DR not asexual but sex doesn't turn me on and I'm sick of it.
Are you on any medications (such as those for depression or birth control).
They can kill libido, as well as desensitize areas like your nipples and clit.
I have a Mirena IUD.
I can orgasm on my own just fine, my nipples aren't particularly desensitized either as 1.
I've never had particularly sensitive nipples and 2.
I have them pierced so that kinda helped with the minimal sensation issue...
I get wet when they're rubbed and feel *some* arousal but it feels like a flickering light if that makes sense?
and it never lasts :/
It makes sense, and if you can orgasm on your own that’s something.
Was anything any different  for you sexually before your Mirena?
I've been on some form of hormonal birth control since I was about 14/15.
I only ever felt true arousal once with my first boyfriend when I was younger, so aroused in fact that I almost came from him just playing with my boobs.
But I then dated him for a while and that never happened again.
I even dated him again a year or so later and never felt that way.
Things have always been mundane since then.
Get off the birth control.
Your hormones a re trashed.
Testosterone is essential for female libido (and well being)
My only issue with that is that I don't want to have my period and I enjoy the extra protection that birth control provides :/ Should I look into the copper IUD maybe?
An male but know enough about sex hormones to know that you're watering down your existence by suppressing your testosterone.
Pretty sure copper is hormonal too.
I'd look into  getting a diaphragm.
Cant comment on the periods but your situation sounds bad enough that condoms sound way better.
Tbh I figured out with my partner that amazing sex with co doms isn't that hard to achieve ..
Update: the IUD works locally and should have no effect on testosterone.
It's still acting on sex hormones.
Specifically progesterone.
If you think copper is a hormone I seriously question your knowledge.
The copper IUD works by releasing copper ions which are toxic to sperm.
Hormonal IUDs work locally in the uterus and shouldn't have an effect on systemic hormone levels.
You are correct,  a quick google search shows the copper iud is non hormonal.
I am aware that copper is an element and not a hormone.
And another quick google search leads to countless claims of the mirena iud dramatically lowering sex drive.
Good luck.
I was on hormonal birth control (the combo pill) from 13-22.
Until I came off it, I didn’t realize that I actually had a sex drive.
The hormones in the pill just completely killed it.
Maybe a different type of hormonal contraception or even something non-hormonal would be a better fit for you.
I really haven't even been off of hormonal birth control since I was 14...
I guess the timeline fits for me not finding sex all that great?
It sucks too because I enjoy not having my period and the pain of getting my IUD put it makes me not want to take it out at all because it was just so bad.
I mean I can always get it put back in but I'm fairly certain I'd need to be knocked out for it because it was that traumatic... but I digress lol.
Oh I completely understand, it totally sucks.
I was on it for period control and skipping periods as well.
It’s possible that a different form would work better like the implant or one of the pills 🤷‍♀️.
What do you think about when you masturbate?
If you're on for period control, definitely not.
The copper IUD typically makes periods worse.
I can't speak to the differences between various hormonal IUDs but apparently neither can the guy who's responding to you.
If you think you might need to change IUDs for this, talk to your doctor about it.
Tell them what you said here, and ask them what they think you should do from there.
I think about watching other people having sex...
I'm never really involved in the fantasy.
I mean my period was never bad before it's more like a massive inconvenience for me so I used birth control to stop it.

Summary: 
I have a Mirena IUD.
I just don't feel anything.
Get off the birth control.
I think about watching other people having sex...
I am aware that copper is an element and not a hormone.
Your hormones a re trashed.
It's still acting on sex hormones.
Pretty sure copper is hormonal too.
But I then dated him for a while and that never happened again.
I was on it for period control and skipping periods as well.
