Original Response: 
&gt; “Boy, that is bitterly disappointing,” Mr Joyce said.
&gt; “Why is Malcolm doing this?
Why do you think Barnaby you moron?
Blame:

~~immigrants~~

~~African gangs~~

~~Millennials~~

~~the electorate~~

~~bikies~~

~~Labor~~

the old boss ☑.
See that's where they've failed.
The three envelopes are only supposed to be used once each.
Rising energy prices which hurt mums and dads?
Damn African gangs and their expensive renewables!
The issue with having an election now is the rest of micro parties.
I'd rather deal with the liberal bullshit now and wait for them to sort their crap out before having an election.
The threat of One Nation, Shooters and Fishers, Palmer, Bernadi is too high.
I just don't trust voters.
This is all the fault of those single mothers on welfare!
Well maybe Turnbull  didn't like being ousted as prime minister, and when the perpetrators were asked why, the answer is "dunno".
It reminds me of the Eric Andre meme where he shoots Hannibal and asks why someone else would do that.
NO!
its those damned Middle aged, middle class who spend more on rent per week than an average mortgage repayment because they eat too much avocado and dont save up for a deposit of 2.8 billion $ for a house.
WHY ARENT WE TALKING ABOUT THOSE BLOODY CROCS IN QUEENSLAND!
?
I can't believe how Barnaby so openly criticises Malcolm when Malcolm put his balls on the line for Barnaby with the whole high court 'Will so Hold' bullshit.
Malcolm could have thrown Barnaby under a bus straight away, but he stood up for him.
And now this is what he gets, a backstabbing tomato.
I guess it teaches you right for mixing with those conservative fuckwits.
I’d rather have a micro party grow enough to challenge policies than keep the current failed 2 party system that we currently have.
While true, Malcolm threw some weighty stones at Barnaby when the Vikki Campion fiasco happened so I'm not surprised there's bad blood.
The man cheated on his wife, who had sex with him.
What do you expect he'd do for Turnbull, who presumably has not provided Barns with the same gratification?
He obviously looks after nobody.
It must be the African crocs on welfare who are stealing our jobs by rising energy prices and joining unions!
Also something something Labors fault!
Imagine the entire country's economy being undone because of this!
In theory that works but the micro parties have a couple of platforms.
Everything else they give zero fucks about.
For example, One Nation rabbles about Muslims, immigration but has no spine when it comes to employment, economics, etc.
Those are fucking important and a micro party (most of whom are conservative) will give zero fucks and vote for liberal anyway.
I agree with the premise, but do you really want another minority government that has to somehow get approval from One Nation, The Greens, Katter, Christian Democrats, and Obscure Hobbiest number 7?
I know, I guess I just wish we had better parties all over...
It would be nice if there were simply more politicians in there for the betterment of the country, not just there to argue and soak up $$$
Slavic_taco 2019?
Currently it seems to be, “we don’t support oppositions idea/policy only because they are opposition”, and “instead of working together to manage a massive infrastructure project, we’ll lie, sabotage and do everything possible to just stuff things up for everyone”

(Not taking liberal or labor sides, they are as bad as each other at the best of times).
If they truly cared about this country, they’d work towards working effectively WITH each other instead of against.
Have a vote!
Grab a Taco!
And the worst bit is, they can easily be pushed into voting for those shitty economic policies just by throwing them a bone like a burqa ban.
Worst of both worlds if they have any leverage.
That's because, when it came to politics, Malcolm was hopelessly out of his depth.
Also, they’re selfishly wanting to remain living close to their job rather than buying a house in Tamworth.
&gt;The man cheated on his wife, who had sex with him.
I like your point there, its one thing to marry Banana-Bee, its another to do the squelchy with him.
Technically we do with Libs needing the Nats badly, at a time when they seem to be at their weakest with that relationship.
But to be fair, Barnaby is a fucking dickhead and totally deserved it.
Turns out money will only get you so far.
The last minority government we had with Labor, the Greens, Oakshot and Wilkie passed more legislation per day on average than any other government, and that included stuff like the NBN, NDIS, *tripling* the tax-free threshold to $18,000 (which had never been raised before and provided more tax relief than the liberals ever have) and implementing a carbon tax and ARENA.
Not to mention the stuff they weren’t able to pass, like Gonski school funding, raising the tax-free threshold further to $24,000 and adding dental care to Medicare.
There aren't many people in the country who'd disagree with that assessment.
[deleted]
I don't like it.

Summary: 
&gt; “Why is Malcolm doing this?
I just don't trust voters.
The issue with having an election now is the rest of micro parties.
The man cheated on his wife, who had sex with him.
Why do you think Barnaby you moron?
Everything else they give zero fucks about.
In theory that works but the micro parties have a couple of platforms.
I know, I guess I just wish we had better parties all over...
