Original Response: 
When I was 18, a boy told me my vagina wasn't tight.
For nine years, I believed it.
I wouldn't say it was a big deal, it was just something under the surface, quietly contribiting to my sex life.
Then yesterday, I randomly found an artist on Instagram called Duvet Days.
It's all beautiful illustrations representing human anatomy, mostly reproductive.
But she doesn't just show standard anatomy, she includes and celebrates variations.
Last night, my lovely husband crawled in bed, I fondled him and took him into my mouth, then rolled over for him to touch me.
The art was present in my mind the whole time.
I wanted him inside me.
The pieces started coming together.
He was holding me close and I could actually feel him inside me.
There's nothing wrong with my vagina.
Who was this person to make me feel inadequate and undesirable?
Why did I listen that one sentence more than all the sweet things my husband has been telling me in bed for years?
Suddenly, I was present.
I felt a new sense of wholeness.
Before, I liked to be submissive.
I liked to be the objective of someone's pleasure.
I derived my pleasure from them finding pleasure in me.
Okay yes, I liked being tied up and taken.
But last night (and again this morning!
), for the first time, I felt like an equal participant.
I found pleasure in _having_ sex, rather than being fucked.
I was able to be in the moment and feel, it was incredibly intimate.
Look, my sex life wasn't bad before.
But it all hinged on this complex way of validating myself.
"if he enjoys me, then I'm enjoyable and that makes me enjoy this."
But now I don't need that game.
I can just come as I am and have fun with it.
I feel lighter, sexier, and freer after shaking off a layer of insecurity I didn't realize I was wearing, and it's all because of this art.
I think that's what art is for.
Here's the insta if you're curious: https://instagram.com/duvet_days/
My wife's gynecologist tweeted once about this myth - she said tightness has nothing to do with it.
The muscles can tense up to cause "tightness", and loosen to acccomodate anything from a finger up to a baby or two, then return to starting point.
If she's tight, it means she's probably tense, meaning he's not doing it right or she's uncomfortable.
Wow!!
More people need to know about this!
Why didnt I think of this when I were more inexperienced?
My old GF had me fiddle with her fun parts, before the other fun stuff.
[removed]
The reverse is true with my gf.
When she's in the mood, she tends to contract/tighten her walls making the whole thing more pleasurable for us both.
Many women "tent" when they're really turned on- they contract at the entrance and open up near the cervix, creating a little pocket in the vaginal canal that is the shape of one of those round-bottom chemistry flasks.
Ina may gaskin states something similar in one of her books about childbirth.
Isn't crazy that we are in our society so ready to believe that a big dick or a baby or whatever will 'ruin' how tight and pleasurable vaginas are.... Our bodies are built to withstand it.
It  my minds eye, a mans penis is designed to grow and shrink without last affects..... Why not a vagina?!
It is sad that this man projected his own insecurities on to OP.
Hopefully your post will help others heal.
It was definitely something I worried about before having a child.
Since having one, I can safely say the worry is gone!!
!
When I was pregnant with my son, I actually experienced a vaginal spasm.
My midwife had difficulty examining me and asked if I was always that tight.
I told her I'd used a menstrual cup for nearly a decade beforehand and had no problem "spelunking" knuckle deep (as I referred to it) up there to position my cup.
It wasn't nerves, simply a muscle spasm.
Eventually it went back to normal and all was well.
It's a muscle.
It flexes and relaxes.
No one goes around poking Arnold when he's not flexed and calls him soft.
That is a great way to describe it!
It is both accurate and funny, but without being derogatory or anything.
And it’s still evocative of what’s going on.
Made me smile.
So, “pitching a tent” works both ways then.
This was something I learned when I was about 14, just from internet searches because i was so stressed that I would do things wrong when the time came.
The fact that some people dont even know they have access to resources like that is terrifying and definitely exacerbates the misinformation and even bullying.
Lol you just reminded me of me when I was 17 and talking to my then bf about *dOiNg It* (it was like a year long conversation...gotta love Catholic guilt).
I watched A LOT of porn...and maybe I took notes *shrugs*

Summary: 
I wanted him inside me.
I can just come as I am and have fun with it.
Before, I liked to be submissive.
I think that's what art is for.
I liked to be the objective of someone's pleasure.
Why didnt I think of this when I were more inexperienced?
But now I don't need that game.
It was definitely something I worried about before having a child.
I derived my pleasure from them finding pleasure in me.
I felt a new sense of wholeness.
