Original Response: 
I was wondering how people felt about this.
I'm not going to call the company out by name, but they've been around for at least 3 years that I know of.
I'm not necessarily against mechs for people who have the knowledge to use them properly, know ohms law, yada yada.
I just don't understand the motive to sell juice for 3+ years and then your first foray into hardware is to sell $120+ tube mechs?
I know some people are really into mechs.
I have no interest in that, but to each their own.
I feel like I can get an as good a vape or better with a modern regulated mod.
Not trying to start a war, but I'd like to hear what people think either way.
Regulated mods lose value very quickly since the technology is always changing.
If it's a well made mech that people like then they can raise the price as the supply gets smaller.
It sounds like someone who understands the market well decided to dip a toe into the hardware market to me.
Point taken.
And its a good point regarding their business strategy I presume.
I guess if I was totally honest, I have a bias against mechs.
I think they've been a big source of bad press for vaping (blowing up/catching fire/inadequate batteries).
This hasn't been a problem with experienced users to my knowledge.
The problem is the the newbie who has no experience, has an issue because of the inexperience/lack of knowledge and vaping has more bad press when it needs it the least.
I'm not for government taking things away from people because some people can't use that "thing" responsibly.
I'm just trying to wrap my head around this issue in regards to vaping and senseless regulations that may be coming.
I know the hot button topic is kids, flavors and online sales right now, but I really think a lot of what got this ball rolling was idiots using mechs improperly, getting hurt, and going on local TV talking about how DANGEROUS they are.
I'd like to hear what people think.
Am I wrong?
What's some counter views?
[I think you should look at this thread.
](https://old.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/9j1pwb/voopoo_drag_a_disassembly_and_analysis_of_a/) It honestly seems like there's more problems with regulated mods reported by the media.
Mechs are very simple devices with only a couple possible ways to fail.
You don't have to trust that every component on some inscrutable circuit board was soldered on properly; you don't have to trust that a programmer on the other side of the world didn't overlook something when putting together the latest firmware for your device, and so forth.
It's actually kind of comforting to know that the only things that can go wrong are things I'm completely responsible for, and that someone else's mistake isn't going to bite me in the ass.
I totally get the appeal of mechs.
A lot of people, though, don't want to be responsible for all that stuff - they just want something easy that'll help them stay away from cigarettes, and of course there's nothing wrong with that.
I'm glad to see so many pod systems coming out that are designed for exactly that sort of person.
I saw this post and thanks for bringing it up.
I certainly didn't mean to suggest all regulated devices were infallible.
My point was that I  believe most of the pocket explosion/teeth knocked out, blood and guts press from the past few years has been attributable to mechs.
And that's what has helped to keep a negative news narrative on vaping until "the kids are all juuling!".
Now, I believe this ongoing negative narrative may end up screwing us in the end.
Not saying I blame the mech or the responsible user, but I find it hard to not find a correlation between what's going on now and the weekly bad press that was brought before by idiots using mechs.
I don't know.
I've seen several reported accidents this year and the only one that I remember being a mech user is the dude in Florida that died.
Otherwise it has been either regulated mods or unsafe battery handling.
Most people using a mech tend to be more careful knowing that there are no protections.
People tend to be more careless when they feel their device is protecting them even though those protections could easily fail.
I'm also generalizing because I've seen plenty of questions on here from people that obviously shouldn't be using a mech.
I've also seen many "safe" protected regulated mods that have had total meltdowns.
Now days I'd rather put my safety in my own hands that questionable cheap electronics given how much can go wrong.
You're exactly right.
The very nature of their simplicity is very attractive.
And that's for good reason.
They're hard to break and hard to fuck up, unless you don't know what you're doing.
I guess I could have formulated my thoughts better in the beginning.
I guess what I was really thinking was there's a connection between idiots/uneducated users bad experiences with mechs, the constant local and national media exposure of these bad events rolling straight in to the "epidemic " of teen vaping headlines we see now.
Absolutely do you.
I'm not suggesting otherwise.
I guess if I had had my thoughts together and been a little more tactful, I would have asked if people believed the blowing up/catch fire/ lost teeth headlines of the past years helped our demise by leading to the "we gotta save the kids" narrative that's going on now?
I'm very worried about where vaping legislation is headed and I guess I cant help but to think back about were we've been.
I honestly don't think the media, lawmakers, or general population care enough to differentiate the two.
"Vape explodes" is all that matters to them.
Edit: I also think any of this save the children crap has anything to even do with vape explosions.
It's all about underage use.
That's my point.
If there was no "explosive " story before the "all the kids are vaping now " story, do you think it would have the same impact now?
I agree btw.
With what matters to them.
It think they're two unrelated FDA matters.
Vape explosions probably helped lead to the FDA wanting manufacturers to submit their devices for approval before being released to the market.
Save the kids and flavor bans are another issue.
This is the stuff I wanted to hear.
I humbly disagree.
I think it's kept the industry under a spotlight when it should've been banding together to advocate.
Problem is forcing all these independent companies to understand what the fight is.
Not each other, but regulations.
Except for Gottlieb saying the recent FDA announcements are directly related to their supposed proof that teen vaping has increased like 75% over the past year.
It has nothing to do with explosions or safety.
Yeah, that's some bullshit huh?
Everything I've read, is that it's gone down.
He used to own part of a vape related company before he came in to office.
Don't know if you were around at the time, but the community seemed at least mildly optimistic about his comeupanins when he came into power.
Now that the claws of his political reality have sunk in to his chest, he is less enthusiastic about vaping.
I think, as a community, since we all know that using a mech mod safely requires more knowledge than using a regulated mod safely, maybe we jumped the gun a little.
"Those are mech mods blowing up - easily preventable - user error - not a problem we should panic about" was a comfortable excuse because it's less threatening to our hobby.
The real problem is that these devices are using high-drain industrial batteries for a purpose they weren't intended for and that's dangerous to people who expect these kinds of electronics to be a safe to use (*and abuse*) as a cell phone or calculator or any other handheld piece of plastic technology.
I've tried explaining to people that plugging your Smok mod into that USB Car-Charger you bought at the Dollar store is a bad idea, that maybe it doesn't have the careful regulating circuitry in it that Samsung can afford to build into your phone.
They look at me like I'm wearing a tinfoil hat.
The plug fits, so it's safe, right?
And what the hell is a battery wrap?
At least when most people see copper metal strips running from a battery, they get a pretty good idea that something potentially dangerous.
Most of us stuck a paperclip on a 9v battery at some point in our teens, and we know what happens when you do that.
The mod looks like a garage experiment and folks tend to approach it with more caution.
That's mechanical box mods; tube mods for some reason don't seem to impose the same sense of concern.
I guess people think "vape flashlight!
Cool!"
and safety goes right out the window.
Of course, if Apple announced the iVape, it'd be safe, it'd be attractive, and it'd cost $800, but we probably need to start developing devices like that.
People aren't going to change - they're going to assume it's fine to leave your device in the hot car for an hour, then pick it up, point it at your face, and pull the trigger.
The devices have to change - and the inevitable price increases that brings are something we'll just have to accept with the usual grumbling and complaining.
The alternative is government regulation and prohibition.
You'll be able to get a vape stick made by Pfizer at your local pharmacy, provided you've got a prescription for it, and that's about it.
&amp;#x200B;
I agree with most of what you say,  but I think a lot of people didn't know mechs took more care.
I mean at the time when they were truly relevant, when they were the Lambo vape, they were sold willy nilly.
Almost everywhere vapes were sold.
I'm going glass half empty here, and saying that I don't think most b&amp;m places made sure users knew ohms law .
Battery safety.
That the limits on their battery could be wildly off of what the actual performance was.
The people that didn't know however, I don't think are the majority of the people that got hurt.
I think, just me in my own mind (feel free to disagree), most people got hurt by carrying bare batteries in their pockets and mechs with other shit in there that depressed the button.
Can't disagree at all, that's exactly what happened.
These devices became popular and people bought them like crazy without knowing much about how they work and what risks they brought with them.
Then some folks got hurt.
This isn't really much different than any other home-made tech, like drones for instance.
Hobbyists made drones for themselves and sold expensive kits to other hobbyists with more money than time, and everyone pretty much used them responsibly.
Then companies started mass producing them cheaply, consumers start buying them for their kids for Christmas and using them irresponsibly, and now you've got stories about peeping Tom drones, injured people, drone-based drug trafficking at the border, and all kinds of local legislation and the FAA making regulations… 

In 1992 you couldn't make a cellphone in your garage, because you couldn't make your own network of cell towers.
That's always been corporate tech and corporations put a lot of engineering resources into how to avoid class-action lawsuits.
I think either the expectations of safety regarding vaping need to change or the actual safety of the devices needs to change.
And, well, I'm pretty sure only one of those options is really possible.

Summary: 
I have no interest in that, but to each their own.
I know some people are really into mechs.
[I think you should look at this thread.
I was wondering how people felt about this.
I guess people think "vape flashlight!
I totally get the appeal of mechs.
I'd like to hear what people think.
Not each other, but regulations.
"Vape explodes" is all that matters to them.
It's all about underage use.
This is the stuff I wanted to hear.
Most people using a mech tend to be more careful knowing that there are no protections.
I guess if I was totally honest, I have a bias against mechs.
I feel like I can get an as good a vape or better with a modern regulated mod.
I agree with most of what you say,  but I think a lot of people didn't know mechs took more care.
And that's for good reason.
I saw this post and thanks for bringing it up.
