Original Response: 
Unpopular opinion but Bettman is one of the better commissioners in NHL history.
You can bring up lockouts but the league came back stronger after each one.
You can bring up expansion but hockey registration rates are increasing across the US.
You can bring up taking advantage of cities for arenas but league franchise values are higher than they've ever been.
The league is far better than it was when he took over.
He also eats up the booing which is hilarious.
It’s also not his fault hockey has out priced itself in Canada.
Though the power of the sticks and the size of the gear needs to be regulated at all levels.
That is a top down measure.
Hockey is a prohibitively expensive sport.
Full stop.
The cost alone of operating a hockey arena versus a field or gym/court pushes the costs up, not to mention more physical equipment than most other sports I can think of.
People always assert that the league is doing better now, but I'd like to see some data of this, especially compared with other professional sports leagues side by side.
All of what you say seems like it could be explained by inflation and an increase in overall population over the past 25 years.
Equipment manufacturers that bought and sold each other into monopolies that charge 950$ US for skates made in Vietnam.
Ice time is expensive but charging people 4K a year to play in dirt leagues is a whole other problem.
This is Canada we’re talking about too, not Florida.
The sport has become a boutique sport because of monopolies as the vast quality difference between top end and mid level items.
I'm fairly certain player salaries and franchise values have outpaced inflation by quite a bit over the past 25 years.
The NHL's standing against other pro leagues is less important than its own health as a whole, IMO.
There are more hockey fans and participants than there were 25 years ago and I'm fairly certain those numbers outpace general population growth in most areas.
USA Hockey puts out registration figures each year.
I'd recommend perusing those.
I'm traveling right now and can't provide any hard figures.
Staying on topic: Bettman isn't responsible for the state of hockey or what equipment manufacturers do.
He's responsible solely to the NHL and its owners.
&gt; The NHL's standing against other pro leagues is less important than its own health as a whole, IMO

I disagree.
If other sports leagues are growing more quickly, then that means NHL growth is underperforming.
He is because he never regulated the technology overload that every sport did.
I'm not saying be like baseball and only use steel cleats and wood bats.
The issue is the gear has become more expensive because of two reasons: fools and their money, and puck speed.
The goalies have to wear this gear because any player over 100lbs/40kg with a midtier+ stick can shoot the puck 70+ MPH.
This equipment got bigger, but then needed to get lighter, well that gets expensive.
Bettman has the ability to regulate rebound strength of sticks, overall durability of said product and force Goalies and equipment manufacturers to reduce the size and hard plates in their gear, like shoulder pads and elbow pads in the NHL.
That becomes the standard because sport regulations are almost always top down.
1 word: CTE.
That's an acronym for three words bud.
I don't think he eats up the booing but understands it goes with the job.
I've seen flickers of sadness from him on occasion from the intensity of the booing.
I know that there were many factors for the Jets leaving Winnipeg in the 90's, but fuck Bettman anyway.
How do you figure?
Sports leagues aren’t a zero-sum game, so I’m interested in your rationale.
Most markets aren't zero sum games, but you can bet most companies rate their executives against growth in similar businesses in the same industry.
The league value is higher because of the television rights that bring so much to every league, no matter the guy that sits atop.
Well there is his complete and continuous denial of the implications of concussions and their correlations to the sport and his league.

Summary: 
Hockey is a prohibitively expensive sport.
The league is far better than it was when he took over.
That is a top down measure.
USA Hockey puts out registration figures each year.
The NHL's standing against other pro leagues is less important than its own health as a whole, IMO.
He's responsible solely to the NHL and its owners.
