Original Response: 
Does anyone have a suggestion for a nice park with good playground equipment?
My toddler and I go to Cole park a lot and I’m looking for a bit of variety.
I feel like a lot of the parks that I see along my normal routes look really small and sad.
Downtown by the water gardens is great,
I’ve been to the actual water gardens and it was nice to walk around at.
Is there a playground in the area, too?
The only one I remember seeing was attached to the science museum.
Not a play ground but I have seen parents playing the game and their kids climb on the steps and play around the fountain.
I don't have kids so not sure how much more fun it is.
Just seen other parents bring their kids.
I have heard the aquarium is good to play as well.
Oso Bay Wetlands Reserve is an absolutely *awesome* place.
It's at the end of Wooldridge, headed the direction of Flour Bluff.
Good playground, clean.
Trails nearby for wanderin'.
Parker park in the Bluff gas had a facelift, and has new equipment there, too.I have two 6 yr olds, so I'm always looking for a good park to play at.
Downtown right before the T-heads there is a great little park with some fun equipment.
Though I imagine it can get very hot due to no shade so go early.
*edit* I want to say it's called Water's Edge Park?
Relevant: http://www.kztv10.com/story/38650770/city-invites-public-to-share-ideas-for-parks.
Thanks!
I will definitely have to check that out.Is the park your talking about  in Flour Bluff the one behind the pool?
Its a little ways out, but I love West Guth park.
They have a duck pond and playground equipment.
They've been better about keeping it mowed, and the new pool will open soon if you're into that.
Definitely check it out.
Mind the mosquitoes, still.
That's correct.
Houston.
They also just installed a brand new playground for younger kids as well.
Cannot recommend it enough.

Summary: 
I have heard the aquarium is good to play as well.
Is there a playground in the area, too?
Downtown by the water gardens is great,
They have a duck pond and playground equipment.
