Original Response: 
Hey, guys.
I'm having some conflicting thoughts on the subject of alcohol, and a bit confused as well.
To start with, I love wine!
Unfortunately, I'm also a bit of a lightweight.
After browsing the internet for a bit, there are some mixed opinions on the matter.
Which has left me confused and convicted.
Drinking excessively is a sin, right?
There are verses that would argue against that, too, right?
I've came across the argument that Jesus' first miracle was turning water into wine at a wedding in Cana.
Could it be said that there were people at the wedding who were most likely drunk to begin with?
With it being a celebration, of course.
Is there a difference between drinking to have a good time and relax and drinking for the wrong reasons?
Here's what lead to this post.
I'm having a good stay at my dad's for a few days.
I've hinted at him getting a bottle of wine, since it sounded good at the moment.
He said he probably would, and of course I said he didn't have to do that and that it was all good.
This is what lead to me second guessing.
Knowing my limits, I can get drunk fairly easy.
One glass of wine can slam me.
I am by no means a violent drunk, on the contrary.
I'm just a dork.
But to be honest, I'm second guessing my intentions and wondering what I should do if he does end up buying a bottle.
As a petite individual and someone who rarely drinks, that explains the lightweightiness.
Like, I would feel bad if he did all that and then I turned it down all of a sudden.
Of course, I'd be honest about my reason, even if it would pain me to say.
Am I being selfish, or thinking too much about this?
Should I not partake in alcohol, or if I do, be strictly moderate?
I don't want to do something displeasing.
Thank you!
And sorry about the long post and the typos, because my phone sucks.
This little 8 minute video by  [*Fr Mike Scmitz*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OMO0JDxuPU) about drinking might be helpful to you.
You shouldn't aim to drink until your intoxicated.
But having an alcoholic drink is generally an okay thing to do but it will also depend on the situation you're in.
Are you alone and trying to avoid dealing with a personal emotional problem?
Then it's a very bad idea to try and solve it with a drink!
Are you knocking off from a day of hard yakka?
In Australia it would probably be considered quite appropriate to kick back with a cold beer.
And if you're weird and English with a warm beer I guess.
In France it is very common to accompany a meal with a glass of wine and more or less everywhere it's usual to share alcoholic drinks with adult friends.
But in all these situations the drink is not an end in itself but something that is used to enhance the pleasure we are taking in something else: relaxing after finishing work, a meal, companionship.
I think that if the extent of your drinking stops you from being able to enjoy these things then you are drinking too much.
Or if you've stopped noticing these things and have started drinking for the sake of having another drink then you've drunk too much.
And if you're finding it difficult to think clearly and make decisions prudently then you are drinking too much.
You need to know your limits and not drink beyond them.
If while you're staying with your dad he opens a bottle and offers you a glass then there's no obligation to finish the bottle.
You can drink half a glass and leave it at that.
Maybe drink another half glass over the next night or two.
Or share the bottle with 5 or 6 people so that you finish it but no one has more than one glass.
We don’t drink warm beer.
Damn.
What's up with the warm beer trope then?
I don’t know!
Never understood it.
Maybe in like the 1800s before we had freezers the beer would be warm?
I’ve never had a warm pint.
Sometimes they’re not chilled until freezing cold, but they’re not warm.
Maybe it's a ploy by the English to stop outsiders from trying to drink their beer?
We do have very nice beer so it would make sense.
The cider must be protected too.
I thought the same thing about the British until playing *Shadow of the Tomb Raider* when Lara was told at the bar in Peru that all they have is warm beer and she shot that down quickly.
We do drink slightly-under room temperature ale and cider.
Which isn't warm as such (about 14 degrees C), but when compared with the excessively chilled fizzy pop that Americans drink, it can be misunderstood.
:)
4 degrees or get out!
I suppose you have to drink it that cold with your beer.
The colder a beverage is, the more the aroma and flavour is suppressed.

Summary: 
I suppose you have to drink it that cold with your beer.
We don’t drink warm beer.
Drinking excessively is a sin, right?
You can drink half a glass and leave it at that.
What's up with the warm beer trope then?
One glass of wine can slam me.
Am I being selfish, or thinking too much about this?
To start with, I love wine!
And if you're weird and English with a warm beer I guess.
