Original Response: 
Yeah all these comments are great, but maybe we could also just be happy that someone in Hollywood is a believer.
Barring that, we could remember how there's that nice parable about removing the log from your eye before removing the speck from someone else's.
Or we could just slam someone who is vocal about believing in something.
Either way.
[removed]
I can't tell if you're serious.
I mean, Catholics made up half the stuff they teach and I'd still say they're taken seriously.
And then there are groups that take obvious metaphors as literal truth which I think is childish but whatever.
I guess my point is that gatekeeping isn't a great way to go with such a big and varied religion.
And you are what we call an Extremist.
[removed]
Where is this verse about crushing people’s skulls in the New Testament?
Jesus teaches “let he who is without sin cast the first stone.” Are you assuming we’re Jewish?
Because this is r/Christianity...
Only a Sith deals in absolutes.
Isn't [Poe's Law](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poe%27s_law) a great thing?
[removed]
[removed]
How many gay people did you kill today?
I’d encourage you to look into hermeneutics.
&gt; That is the basis of your religion.
Fundamentalists or staunchly conservative Protestants might believe that, maybe, but it’s an intellectually untenable position on the grounds that there was a Christianity before a Bible.
There was a people of God before the scriptures.
&gt; So tell me; when the bible says to crush peoples skulls with rocks, is that the Word of God or is it not?
Did your infallible God change his mind?
This is such an egregiously bad application of hermeneutics that I don’t know what to say.
Simply put, psalm 137:9 is not a commandment but a cry of human anguish, and the levitcal laws for stoning are only applicable to the Jewish people on account of the fact that this was always the case.
Sure it’s inspired, but God inspires to certain contexts and accommodates himself to those contexts.
&gt; You know who adheres most to the bible out of anyone?
The “true believers”?
&gt; Westboro Baptist Church.
You are incorrect.
Would you be willing to engage in a good faith dialogue about inspiration and what it means for the bible to be God’s word and all the nuances with it?
Because I’m willing to have that with you.
What you’re revealing to me is an all or nothing position which indicates a sort of fundamentalism characteristic of hyper conservative fundamentalist christians, and new atheist types who’ve come out of that context and think Christianity is what the fundamentalists said it is, and they’re incredibly wrong.
I will do what I must.

The main part of Christianity is what Christ teaches, (hence, Christ-ianity).
Remember the story of the prostitute where the townspeople were about to stone her?
Jesus says “let those without sin throw the first stone”.
Do not judge others as God would judge you the same way (I don’t remember exactly how it goes, but you get the point).
We need to treat everyone with respect and kindness.
That is what Jesus teaches, not hating gays or anyone else for that matter, but treating them like people.
Love others as you would love yourself, love thy neighbour, and most importantly (though all is important) love God.
Plus other Jewish laws made it so executions were actually very rare iirc.
I think he's anti-religion pretending to be an extremist.
Kind of an extremist in the other direction.
Basically speaking the rules are such that it begins a trajectory towards a modern notion of human rights, in most cases.
They’re not perfect, sure.
I wouldn’t want to adopt Levitical law now, but compared to other laws at the time, they’re quite revolutionary in a lot of ways.
Don’t try it.
I am not a believer (though I am subscribed to all the Bible related subs, go figure!)
but I love the wisdom of the Bible and that's the parable I needed today.
Sort out my stuff and forgot the stuff of others.
Could you elaborate on that.
To start, the reason capital punishment is not logger enforceable is because Talmud law says the competence to accurately give this sentence ended at the destruction of the second temple.
I think there’s a wiki page for it if you want the insane depth it went to but some of the evidence that MUST be presented before a death can be given are; at least two witnesses who are employed and are known to have good knowledge of the law.
The witnesses need to see the crime in the act AND see each other too.
They have to have warned the criminal he’s about to sin and tell him that he might receive the death penalty AND the criminal must then reply he knows that but doesn’t care.
And that’s just the pre-trial evidence ahh ahah.
But like you said, when we removed that log from your eye, then you can remove the speck from the someone else eyes.
In the same chapter in Mathew 7:15-17 15 “Watch out for false prophets.
They come to you in sheep’s clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves.
16 By their fruit you will recognize them.
Do people pick grapes from thornbushes, or figs from thistles?
17 Likewise, every good tree bears good fruit, but a bad tree bears bad fruit.
18 A good tree cannot bear bad fruit, and a bad tree cannot bear good fruit.
19 Every tree that does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire.
20 Thus, by their fruit you will recognize them.
and also in 1 Corinthians 5 Paul admonishes the Corinthians of being proud of a brother who was living in sin.
By the end of that chapter he says

9 I wrote to you in my letter not to associate with sexually immoral people— 10 not at all meaning the people of this world who are immoral, or the greedy and swindlers, or idolaters.
In that case you would have to leave this world.
11 But now I am writing to you that you must not associate with anyone who claims to be a brother or sister[c] but is sexually immoral or greedy, an idolater or slanderer, a drunkard or swindler.
Do not even eat with such people.
12 What business is it of mine to judge those outside the church?
Are you not to judge those inside?
13 God will judge those outside.
“Expel the wicked person from among you.”[d]

So you are right and I rejoice for your wisdom on not judging others.
As for me I mourn for Chris , I mourn because of what this handsome man is teaching the youth in our  generation, that you can claim to be a Christian and continue practicing sin.
Before I made a commitment to completely stop watching ungodly   TV and movies, I did watch this married  man in a spaceship, back naked and also on top of and seemingly having sex with a beautiful woman who was not his wife.
Now I hate the fact that when the enemy reminds me of the pleasures and spices of Egypt, I tend to remember this naked man and that sex scene.
So I thank Chris  for being vocal as a Christian.
I pray for Him to display the evidence of his faith, which is continuous repentance and hatred of sin, even if it would mean losing his salary and fame.
&gt; The main part of Christianity is what Christ teaches, (hence, Christ-ianity)

Like the Great Commission where Jesus tells the disciples to teach people to oney him?
Or Matthew 18 where Jesus teaches them what discipline looks like in the church so that when someone sins they can be led to repentance and if they reject that then they are excommunicated?
That sort of thing?
He might even swear in a movie once too.
&gt;Or we could just slam someone who is vocal about believing in something.
Those posters are just throwing a temper tantrum because Pratt is popping the right-wing "Christians are being persecuted by liberal coastal elites" narrative they are being constantly told by Fox News and by far-right preachers.
that’s not the right way to say it but it is true specifically in the entertainment industry.
It is only one person's account, however.
If one Hollywood insider is able to speak for the entire place, what of someone like Owen Benjamin?
They are "pro-whatever is authentic to you" all the way up until you have any kind of disagreement, then they are anti-you.
As another non-believer, what wisdom would that be?
Not that I have any interest to believe, but beyond some obvious ones, I see very little wisdom in that book.
It's better to sleep in the corner of the room and then with a quarellsome wife!
Going through Pauls letters is quite a read I think.
Writing to different cultures about how to be good people (Christians) in those respectable cultures.
How to deal with quarells.
Among those most obvious ones that even Christians have troubles following is to not think about yourself as much and think about others as well, be nice to people and environment around you, be true to oneself and others and try to have best relationships as possible.
Forgive for you are forgiven.
Love, for you are loved.
Just looking at the book of James, here are a few tidbits that aren't even religious in nature.
- Being rich isn't something to be sought after as it withers away like a flower
- Be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to become angry
- Don't favor the rich over the poor
- Love your neighbor as yourself
- Keep your tongue in check as it is extremely powerful.
Have you ever read Ecclesiastes?
Proverbs is kind of known for wisdom.
:) i mean that's the title of the book.

Summary: 
I will do what I must.
So I thank Chris  for being vocal as a Christian.
Love, for you are loved.
There was a people of God before the scriptures.
Do not even eat with such people.
I can't tell if you're serious.
I think he's anti-religion pretending to be an extremist.
but I love the wisdom of the Bible and that's the parable I needed today.
Going through Pauls letters is quite a read I think.
13 God will judge those outside.
Are you not to judge those inside?
Could you elaborate on that.
:) i mean that's the title of the book.
Or we could just slam someone who is vocal about believing in something.
And you are what we call an Extremist.
