Original Response: 
What australia needs is more capital cities &amp;/or better access to regional towns, surely a few strategically placed dams / desal plants would make this possible?
Also could be beneficial to allow refugees into our country who have experience farming arid environments; our farmers could learn a thing or two from them.
i'm pretty sure they would be the ones learning a thing or two about farming tbh.
it'd be a two way street, everyone would learn.
like many are right now; 

[turning unproductive land into market gardens.
](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-08-26/karenni-refugees-cultivate-a-community-in-wollongong/8839216)

or 

[growing new crops](http://www.abc.net.au/news/rural/2017-02-24/public-garden-helps-refugees-settle-australia/8298198)

or 

[meeting regional labour shortages](https://theconversation.com/how-migrant-workers-are-critical-to-the-future-of-australias-agricultural-industry-66422)
I'd like to see a brand new city be built but it seems both politically and financially risky.
Not to mention that virtually any big infrastructure project by one side of politics will be ruined by the other solely out of spite.
Intentionally planned cities like Canberra and Adelaide are very well designed by global standards yet still not that desirable for citizens compared to SydMelbs.
Canberra is growing a bit, Adelaide not so much.
Still, I do like to dream.
Hypothetically: A small sized city built from the ground up somewhere between Sydney/Brisbane and within 100km of the coast.
Circular design, small dense inner cbd which is car free, parking on the edges, rail link to the cities, industrial area on one side, residential on the other, fttp, extensive green space and a simple driverless tram between the suburbs modeled on Singapore's metro which can run 24hrs a day with little extra cost.
Modern cities are trying to tinker around the edges and fix terrible design decisions made 2 centuries ago.
Starting from scratch there's a good chance to build healthy communities.
A government willing to buy up a bunch of unused land, build the infrastructure and sell houses/land in a new city could actually end up profiting even after the capex spend rather than the developers who are simply extracting as much as possible from society and privatise the gains.
We need an Elon Musk, well maybe not him, but someone with big visions who is cashed up enough to get the ball rolling.
Australian disdain for tall poppies makes it unlikely.
We need a nobody who shuns the limelight and simply just does it, which is probably impossible because local planning laws have men with guns turn up on anyone's doorstep for simply trying to turn unused rural land into a community.
This is why the feds or states need to be involved because they can tell the council which orifice to put their arbitrary planning restrictions in and simply go ahead with building it.
You mean like [CLARA](http://www.clara.com.au/)?
They're working on it.
[deleted]
Lol, oh the amount of naivety and ignorance, this is why the greens never deserve to win government because these types if 'solutions' they  and their supporters come up with.
I like how you assume I am a greens voter.
I see what you’re trying to do.
At the risk of sounding like a "what about our farmers" speech...Farming like other production and manufacturing in Australia is hard up.
Those links are nice examples of gardens but it's hardly farming.
There are significant costs in labour and resources which is not in balance with the rest of the country or the price received for product (pretty fucked when cold milk is cheaper than warm coke at the supermarket).
Farming is suffering from the same low wages complained about by the rest of the population and I can tell you they've been feeling it longer.
Nobody wants to work on a farm because the pay is mostly shit, nobody would want to live and work rural because the work is not guaranteed not just due to seasonal conditions but due to financial conditions.
Seriously, ask any miner whether they'd live in the middle of nowhere with their family and work 50 hours a week for 50k a year.
We can say that forcing immigrants to move to rural areas is a success story but if there's no infrastructure and job security or future for their kids they'll eventually move into urban areas.
And seriously, 2/3 of Australia is arid desert, I think we know a few things about farming.
&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
&gt;  I think we know a few things about farming.
Fair enough, and I think we’ve got a lot more we could learn about farming in arid conditions, but then again i’m Inspired by people like socrates - “wisest is he who knows he does not know”.
Yeah, definitely not saying we have it all worked out, but our aussie farmers cop a bad rap for being small minded which is not the case.
I grew up on a farm, owned a farm and also worked on farms (small crops and sugarcane) and I also went to a rural college and studied animal production.....there's a reason I now make Dentures for a living and live in a capital city(even that's being slowly fucked by bad gov policy and corporate greed).
Edit* and live in a capital city.
This is wonderful stuff, thanks for the link.
Sounds like a bunch of bullshit to me.
These are land bankers without any capacity at all to do development of this scale.
They want the land rezoned so they can sell and fuck off rich from it.
We have existing regional towns and centres that are already connected to infrastructure.
Improving the connections to these places would be massively more efficient than creating "new" cities from scratch.
The money is there, problem is the people who have it are too focused on promoting 'clean coal', whatever the fuck that is.

Summary: 
Still, I do like to dream.
Edit* and live in a capital city.
&gt;  I think we know a few things about farming.
I see what you’re trying to do.
I like how you assume I am a greens voter.
Sounds like a bunch of bullshit to me.
i'm pretty sure they would be the ones learning a thing or two about farming tbh.
