Original Response: 
I advocate for equal treatment of LGBTQ persons in the civic arena not from my sense of the gospel but rather based on my 5th and 14th amendment rights to equal protection and due process under the law.
Calling for equality stems from a constitutional perspective.
I wonder if MacArthur would have been the one to side with Rosa Parks or be the one who would  have asked her the move.
[removed]
So much this.
The position that MacArthur &amp; co have taken on racial justice relies ENTIRELY on the settled opinion of past events.
They've outlined no way of informing themselves on current controversies, instead choosing to only speak definitively on things that history has proven to be right or wrong.
And then they have the audacity to accuse "progressives" of caving to public opinion to form their morals.
What did Paul do with Onesimus?
Asked but didn’t command him to release Philemon.
The takeaway is: were the abolitionists right or wrong in calling for the end of slavery from the pulpit?
Wait, how is that the key take away?
MacArthur has called for things of the like from the pulpit as well in regards to abortion and marriage and I'm sure there are a few others.
The church absolutely has a responsibility to shine a light on the dark spots of society.
I'm just saying, the gospel can't be used to advocate for civil disobedience with the principles that Paul lays out in Philemon and later on in Romans about being subjected to rulers.
So, was MLK right or wrong to use civil disobedience to call for racial equality and to use the Bible and the pulpit for that cause?
My point is that I can see MacArthur being the one who would oppose the expansion of civil rights by the likes of the social justice warriors who intentionally used acts of civil disobedience to change then societal norms.
Should I admire MacArthur for that stance?
Or can I critique it for being wrong?
Romans 13's commands about subjection are subordinated to Romans 12's commands to love.
All of which is moot because civil disobedience (of the MLK style) is submission to the authorities, you break the unjust laws an willingly submit to the punishments dealt in order to prick the conscience of the powerful.
Setting aside for a moment that this is an unjust, uncalled for accusation, I think it would be more productive to stop at "pharisee" and let MacArthur stand as an example of how even someone with the strongest intent to uphold truth and godliness can be a voice in favor of oppression when they don't seek to understand and care for those who are struggling.
MacArthur crossed race boundaries in the South to minister during segregation.
He's badly wrong here but let's not get carried away.
Hmmm.
Interesting points there.
I can definitely see logic in the second part of that.
But I do have to ask about the first part.
I'm not really seeing what you're referring to in regards to Romans 12 and 13, is it just the flow of the reading that makes you read it as subordinating 13 to 12?
&gt; My point is that I can see MacArthur being the one who would oppose the expansion of civil rights by the likes of the social justice warriors who intentionally used acts of civil disobedience to change then societal norms.
Should I admire MacArthur for that stance?
Or can I critique it for being wrong?
I think that's fairly accurate.
To be honest I don't know how we should view it.
It's tough.
But I do think the example that Paul sets with Onisemus gets overlooked in reading these situations.
I'm pretty torn on this because I see a lot of pastors and church leaders that I highly respect on both sides of this issue, and I don't yet know where or to what extent I fall.
But I also don't want this to turn into an assumption of poor intentions on one side or the other, and I also want to ensure we're looking for biblical truth in this situation.
The flow of the passage definitely seems to place love as the foundational ethical obligation, 

I think this becomes pretty easy to see when you think about hypotheticals of when they come into conflict.
If a soldier is commanded to torture a prisoner of war as revenge, should he submit to that authority?
I would think obviously not.
Submitting to earthly authorities is the normative way in which christian communities should relate to governments, to love is to  participate in the divine nature, because God is love.

Summary: 
I would think obviously not.
Or can I critique it for being wrong?
Should I admire MacArthur for that stance?
But I do have to ask about the first part.
I think that's fairly accurate.
I can definitely see logic in the second part of that.
