Original Response: 
I'm loath to agree with anything she says, but at least in this article she keeps her vitriol in check.
I think we have aspects in gender that we all need to look at and definitely change.
There are toxic "aspects" of masculinity, but saying "toxic masculinity" as a whole is only going to get the very gender she is trying to help/change???
offside.
Why do you guys persist with this bullshit "toxic masculinity means all masculinity is toxic" misinterpretation?
No matter how many times you are told it means aspects of masculinity that are damaging to men you either forget, or pretend to forget, that you've ever been told.
After the fiftieth iteration of this  routine, I'm starting to think you might be arguing in bad faith.
Or you're all goldfish.
I know that what your saying is correct.
But let's face it, it's a terribly named concept, almost like it was intended to be inflammatory and open to misinterpretation.
&gt; Why do you guys persist with this bullshit "toxic masculinity means all masculinity is toxic" misinterpretation?
Well, clearly people have a problem with the term then don't they.
It's hard to take her seriously even when she turns off the vitriol.
I, personally, haven't taken the current proponents of "toxic masculinity" as particularly credible ever since Michael Kimmel (one of the major male thought leaders behind the concept) got accused of sexual harassment.
They certainly want to have an issue with the term.
But try as I might I can't understand why they do.
It smacks of willful ignorance.
It describes it perfectly.
Until people came along complaining that it said all masculinity was toxic it had never occurred to me to understand it that way.
And even knowing that interpretation is available it doesn't make sense.
The sentences would be "men have to get rid of masculinity because it is toxic".
And that sentence is not being written.
Only if you think the concept is a self-serving virtue signal from"woke" men.
That one of the idea's proponents didn't recognize it in himself suggests it isn't.
They being men?
Can you blame them?
Imagine if the word "feminism" had the same connotation.
That argument will start holding the least bit of water whenever feminists start hyperventilating about "toxic femininity".
That's what second wave feminism was about.
The Female Eunuch et al.
That you are ignorant of basic feminism in no way surprises me or embarrasses you.
"They" being the people who determinedly misunderstand "toxic masculinity".
With you being part of "they" by your own admission.
No it's not, feminists have never once coined the concept "toxic femininity".
Isn't it funny how the ideology that claims to be against sexism just loves to invent terms that disparage only one gender.
Toxic masculinity, mansplaining, manspreading, male tears.
Why it's almost like they're total fucking hypocrites and misandrists.
Imagine saying Muslim Terrorism is a huge problem but then having to explain you didn't mean all Muslims, and that terrorism exists outside of Muslims.
Woulda been easier to just call it terrorism.
Makes more sense and is less insulting.
Same thing here, it's name is an insult to manhood, it makes you feel under attack as a man, like their is something wrong with masculinity.
It's a fucking dumb term.
"Toxic Behavior", "Socially Destructive Behavior", loads of great ways to talk about things without making a direct insult to a gender.
What if I coined the phrase "Stupid Women's Issues" and then give it the meaning that it only applies to things that are 100% detrimental to women's progress, seems kinda offensive don't you think?
&gt; Imagine saying Muslim Terrorism is a huge problem but then having to explain you didn't mean all Muslims, and that terrorism exists outside of Muslims.
Woulda been easier to just call it terrorism.
Makes more sense and is less insulting.
If your goal is to talk about terrorism perpetrated by Muslims then "Muslim Terrorism" is probably the correct phrasing.
If you're talking about terrorism without restricting the class of perpetrators then "Terrorism" is likely more appropriate.
Similarly, 'toxic masculinity' describes something different to 'masculinity'.
Whether you feel it's a respectful term or forms part of a useful discussion isn't relevant to its meaning.
"Toxic Behaviour" and "Socially Destructive Behaviour" seem like they describe a superset of toxic masculinity and so they aren't really interchangeable; they would alter the meaning of the discussion.
Now, there's an argument to be made that the meaning the person you're engaging with associates with a word _is_ the meaning of the word (in some sense) but that's a long conversation in and of itself...
The very statement " toxic masculinity" defines all masculinity as toxic.
If you want people to see it or hear it another way, change the statement.
That's like saying "positive discrimination" defines all discrimination as being positive, or "happy ~~child~~ children" defines all children as happy.
But I might agree with your latter suggestion in a roundabout way.
The term might be sufficiently loaded at this point that, outside specific circles, it might not convey the original intent.
It _might_ be better to work around the conflict than clarify meaning.
Edit: "forest for the trees" people...
I understand where your coming from but my issue is I do not believe the identifiers are correct.
I believe they are using them attack men for things that aren't exclusive to being a man.
You can't just package a part of society up into a little group and then deride them for being a part of the group.
For example masculinity would be a super set to toxic masculinity, however the issues that are being pinned on a subset of men are problems/issues that are inherent to people who identify as all genders are just being pinned on men.
When they say toxic masculinity, they are really saying toxic behavior but isolating the conversation to men's toxic behavior.
You can have the same conversation about the same issues without using identity politics.
Instead you isolate the issue from the grouping identifier "toxic masculinity" to a specific individual problem, describe that problem and address it.
The correct identifier for an issue is the fucking issue, if we divide society into men/women and see 60% men a rapey cunts that seems real bad for men.
If we divide society into normal people and rapey cunts it's pretty clear who the fucking rapey cunts are.
Cheers for the polite response!
I suspect we both broadly agree on the meaning of the term and that it could _in principle_ describe actual behaviors.
And that you believe addressing toxic masculinity specifically is, at best, misguided.
Would it be fair to say you disagree in general with targeting a subset of people displaying a behavior?
That you would instead prefer to target the group as a whole?
eg, you might _hypothetically_ agree that aggressiveness needs addressing but believe it's necessarily unfair to address male aggression distinctly to female aggression?
Do you believe there could ever be a scenario in which it is justified to treat subgroups of the population differently to achieve an equitable social goal?
&gt;people have a problem with the term

Some people have problems in how they choose to interpret the term.
&gt;”toxic masculinity” defines all masculinity as toxic

Toxicity is poison, poison is not gendered in its effects.
“Toxic masculinity” does not define all forms or models of maleness, as you claim, but it’s damaging to all of us.
Yeah that's about it.
If your talking about aggressive behavior and its 80:20 male:female your leaving 20% of the conversation unhad by talking about male aggressiveness.
I don't like treating anyone differently, I am of the opinion that treating all people as individuals is the best aspect western culture had going for it and people are trying to tear that down.
I think laws should be written without reference to gender or race, I think human rights should be explicitly equal to all humans.
I think in a modern era with people identifying as an array of genders and their being more culturally diverse societies the groups people want to be a part of should be opt in.
I may be wrong on some of this, but I do not see an egalitarian society emerging if we continue to fight on gender and race.
Positive discrimination is a oxymoron.
Positive child denotes singular, positive children would denote all children.
I think I'm with you in broad terms.
I wholeheartedly prefer generalized, as opposed to specialized, approaches to establish equity.
We should strive to implement equity, but (and this is where our opinions might diverge) I'm not sure that achieving this requires us to ignore differences in subgroups.
Going back to our aggressiveness example, while I absolutely agree that the hypothetical 20% can't be left on the table, I've become increasingly convinced that we shouldn't ignore addressing the 80% if we believe we have an effective means.
Even if it has to targeted to a subgroup based on sex, gender, religion, ethnicity, etc.
So I guess the underlying question is: if we have means to tackle a substantial fraction of a perceived issue why should we not try to do so?
Most critically, this is **not** to say that we shouldn't be _extraordinarily_ careful that we don't alienate or victimize the subgroup in question.
Which is, I suppose, the point at which we might see concern from these subgroups; eg, males targeted for toxic masculinity.
I'm not sure there's a great way to completely and reliably resolve these competing concerns but it seems worthwhile to keep trying.
C'mon, work with me here...

My point was that in your saying '"&lt;adjective&gt; &lt;noun&gt;" defines all &lt;noun&gt; as &lt;adjective&gt;' it sounded like you were suggesting that all &lt;noun&gt; _necessarily_ satisfy &lt;adjective&gt;.
Whereas my understanding was that it was a way of describing the set of &lt;noun&gt; that satisfy &lt;adjective&gt;.
wrt "toxic masculinity": rather than implying all masculine traits are toxic, it should be understood to refer to toxic expression of masculine traits.
But perhaps I misunderstood your argument?
&gt; Do you believe there could ever be a scenario in which it is justified to treat subgroups of the population differently to achieve an equitable social goal?
Not when the whole damn premise of your ideology is supposedly to bring about a world where subgroups of the population are not treated differently.
&gt; Most critically, this is not to say that we shouldn't be extraordinarily careful that we don't alienate or victimize the subgroup in question.
Which is, I suppose, the point at which we might see concern from these subgroups; eg, males targeted for toxic masculinity.
Because the second you start doing that you start "targeting males" you're doing just that.

Summary: 
I know that what your saying is correct.
"They" being the people who determinedly misunderstand "toxic masculinity".
I think I'm with you in broad terms.
The very statement " toxic masculinity" defines all masculinity as toxic.
Toxic masculinity, mansplaining, manspreading, male tears.
Similarly, 'toxic masculinity' describes something different to 'masculinity'.
The sentences would be "men have to get rid of masculinity because it is toxic".
But try as I might I can't understand why they do.
And that you believe addressing toxic masculinity specifically is, at best, misguided.
I understand where your coming from but my issue is I do not believe the identifiers are correct.
Why do you guys persist with this bullshit "toxic masculinity means all masculinity is toxic" misinterpretation?
Well, clearly people have a problem with the term then don't they.
It's a fucking dumb term.
But perhaps I misunderstood your argument?
They certainly want to have an issue with the term.
