Original Response: 
‘We’re willing to participate in our own disruption’

It’s called innovation lol...
"BREAKING: Protein producer investing in the production of protein."
I think the distinction they make is important and valid.
Lots of companies are willing to innovate as long as it doesn't kill their main business line.
I would class bigger chickens, cheaper processing costs, etc in this category.
Seriously committing to a new business line even if it cannibalizes from your existing business is true disruption, and seems to be what they're referencing here.
For example, one of the reasons companies like Borders couldn't fully commit to an online model and got disrupted by Amazon is because that would require them to completely change their strategy and abandon many brick &amp; mortar stores for an as of yet unproved strategy of selling online.
its disruptive if they develop a line of products that compete directly with another of their verticals.
"Just do it.
Even if it means sacrificing everything.
"^^^^^^^lol.
This quote was brought to you by Elon Musk.
Funny how business schools must not be teaching this nowadays


All of the top businesses in America right now have worked double-time to put their old business model out and usher in a new one that they have basically a monopoly on since everyone's still playing catch up to the old one.
Consider, for example, Apple (phasing out iPod for iPhones), Netflix (phasing out physical media delivery for streaming), Google and Amazon's constant diversification.
Which is probably why Uber is trying so hard to make automated cars work -- it'd put their old business model to pasture for something that nobody could immediately compete with.
The difference is whether or not your innovative product has the potential to cannibalize your old one.
I know “disrupt” has become a meaningless buzzword in many cases, but it does still have a meaning.
"We're willing to participate in our own survival"
I like this sub.
Why is insect proteins not taken seriously or mentioned here?
It doesn’t even require much of any investment in R&amp;D.  It tastes good when cooked properly, is very good for you, and incredibly eco friendly compared to livestock.
People need to grow the hell up and get over the “bugs are gross” shit.
I mean really.
Shut up and have a chili lime roasted cricket.
You’ll love it I promise!
I doubt a chili lime roasted cricket tastes as good as a smoked brisket.
You keep your bugs.
I'll keep eating meat.
Honestly, I wonder if presentation is an issue.
It's not a drop in replacement for higher margin vertebrate protein.
You can't make a $20-per-pound ribeye simulation out of crickets or even a $4-per-pound ersatz chicken breast.
So you either need to sell consumers on completely new dishes, or push the protein in forms where it can be slipped into existing products, like the cricket flour people, where you're competing with 20-cent-per-pound wheat flour.
Yea, It definitely doesn’t taste as good as brisket.
But you don’t eat brisket every day, and if you do it’s not sustainable.
I mean more in terms of an everyday source of protein, not as an all out replacement for meat.
Cricket flour is meant to compete with protein powder, not wheat flour.
I think patties are the best way to go, I love black bean burgers so would probably dig a burger with insect protein.
I’d try a McCricket.
One, bugs are still living animals, so vegans will reject that.
Two, using animals to produce protein from plants is inefficient, so the environmental angle is weak.
Three, bugs *are* gross.
Fuck that.
You eat 'em.
Vegan thing I get.
The animals being inefficient isn’t as applicable for insects.
They are actually incredibly efficient in terms of consumed calories vrs protein output, and produce less emissions and pollutants by an incredible amount.
To your bugs are gross thing, thats my point.
They aren’t gross.
Healthy, tasty, cleaner, safer, kinder, ect.
I will eat them happily, I just wish they were more readily available and more mainstream.
I want to see some tasty big dishes at my favorite restaurants, and be able to buy them in more grocery stores.
I wonder if insects could be used to produce a low cost but highly effective non-dairy protein powder supplement.
That would be interesting.
D I S G U S T I N G.

Summary: 
You’ll love it I promise!
"BREAKING: Protein producer investing in the production of protein."
Honestly, I wonder if presentation is an issue.
I mean more in terms of an everyday source of protein, not as an all out replacement for meat.
I think the distinction they make is important and valid.
Even if it means sacrificing everything.
Cricket flour is meant to compete with protein powder, not wheat flour.
Why is insect proteins not taken seriously or mentioned here?
