Original Response: 
This is pretty well written.
Some valid points as well, Murderers are not victims.
Mental health is a serious issue in Canada, if every murderer claims mental health issues and it is accepted.
it brings down everyone else with real mental health issues.
[removed]
&gt; if every murderer claims mental health issues and it is accepted

but it's not so this is a strawman.
You people and your strawmen.
The Ontario shooter was presented as not criminally responsible by the press.
Same with that fucker who killed the 14 year old girl.
The criminals themselves may not plead not criminally responsible but the coverage of their crimes suggests it.
Cool, 2 examples doesn't mean jack.
Also, how do you know they weren't?
2 of the most publicised murders since the van attack doesnt mean anything?
Okay.
I dont know thats why i didnt say that they were or weren't.
I said that in the way that the information is provided it makes the public believe that these individuals have a form of mental illness, or are not criminally responsible.
I tried to get what you're saying but I don't.
It makes no sense.
No matter how publicized 2 events are how does it show something happens every time?
Yes, if they're white it's mental illness.
If they're brown it's terrorism.
If they're black it's gang violence.
News is garbage.
Turn it off.
the point of making the mentally ill so they are not criminally responsible, is that those individuals are mentally unable to comprehend their actions.
however many individuals their mental capacity may be reduced, such as socio/psychopaths.
however they know what they are doing is a "bad" thing, and claim mental illness to escape full imprisonment for their crimes.
brown people commit "terrorism" no more then white people, probably less, the Americans were carpet bombing cities in the middle east.
however we live in a majority white country so some of these individuals are the "enemy", we are [at war](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wars_involving_Canada) with Islamic extremists.
black individuals who live in low income housing and in poor neighborhoods are more likely to be in a gang do to the "family" and "understanding" that gangs provide.
much like white extremist groups that gain followers by presenting a scapegoat and providing acceptance to lonely, insecure persons.
&gt; This is pretty well written.
Oh is it?
&gt; Checks post history


ahhh.
&gt; The Ontario shooter was presented as not criminally responsible by the press.
Can you give us your best example of that happening?
I don’t remember anybody pushing that narrative.
Totally counter argumented him and proved all his points invalid by pointing out his post history.
Thank you for your glorious contribution.
Lol, 

it doesnt change the fact that this article is well written.
So we can admit that the recent surge of gun violence is attributed entirely to mental illness?
Is this /s?
"The gunman is also dead.
Faisal Hussain, a 29-year-old Toronto resident suffered from severe mental health issues, "
From the [CBC](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/danforth-logan-shooting-1.4757409)


Literally the third paragraph.
That’s your best example?
It doesn’t mention anything about the shooter not being criminally responsible.
I also like how you left the “according to his family” part off the quote.
There was a coma, but those are not used to separate related thoughts or provide emphasis or anything.
They could have just stated that _____ ____ a __ year old Toronto resident shot and killed 2 people and injured 14 other.
But they had to **imply**, which is what i was talking about, that it wasn't his fault and that he suffered mental issues.
Perhaps you should choose your words more carefully.
‘Imply’ and ‘present’ aren’t synonymous.
You might also want to look up imply vs infer.
Just because you infer something doesn’t mean it was implied.
I believe your inference to be a hasty generalization.
The article you provided, your best example, contains just a single mention of mental health issues.
Is that all you’re basing your claim on?
In that same article, Doug Ford is quoted talking about bringing “criminals to justice.” John Tory calls it a “cowardly act of violence,” and “an attack on our city itself.
“ I couldn’t find anything the least bit sympathetic to the shooter.

Summary: 
Yes, if they're white it's mental illness.
Also, how do you know they weren't?
The Ontario shooter was presented as not criminally responsible by the press.
&gt; if every murderer claims mental health issues and it is accepted

but it's not so this is a strawman.
&gt; The Ontario shooter was presented as not criminally responsible by the press.
It doesn’t mention anything about the shooter not being criminally responsible.
This is pretty well written.
&gt; This is pretty well written.
