Original Response: 
I went to an episcopal service somewhat recently in a wealthy area and it was beautiful.
The building was brick and the interior had beautiful wooden structures, unlike a modern carpeted Methodist Church, it had a very traditional architecture.
Also, real wine was used for communion instead of grape juice, and the preacher had the attire of a catholic priest, with the white square on his collar.
I’ve heard that a Lutheran service is also very Catholic-esque, is this true?
What other Protestant denominations have these catholic elements?
[removed]
Sola ecclesia?
I've never heard that phrase before this moment.
Funny enough, I’ve only ever heard it in the context of Calvin’s theology.
Its a slur that implies that the apostolic churches vest authority in the church alone over and against scripture.
Ive seen it a few times.
&gt;reshape the gospel at will while ignoring the Bible

You mean the Bible they compiled and canonized for you?
Any specific examples?
I've never known anyone from the apostolic churches to do so.
They place the church's authority above that of the scriptures because without the church there wouldn't be scripture, but never church alone.
[deleted]
This is a somewhat (read: very) dishonest tactic.
The Catholics/Orthodox didn’t compile the Bible any more than we did, because none of us were alive then.
None of us are the same theologically as they are, nor could we be.
&gt;Sola Scriptura vs. Sola Ecclesia.
There's your answer.
Any denomination that claims the authority to reshape the gospel at will while ignoring the Bible has most in common with Catholicism.
Catholicism teaches Tradition and Scripture balanced.
I don't care if you agree or not, that's what it teaches.
Period.
&gt;I've never known anyone from the apostolic churches to do so.
They place the church's authority above that of the scriptures because without the church there wouldn't be scripture, but never church alone.
No we don't.
Holy Tradition and Holy Scripture are balanced.
Do you mean that we wouldn’t have canonized scripture or that we wouldn’t have scripture?
Does canon exist without the church acknowledging canonicity or does canon exist only because the church says that it is canon?
I know these both require lengthy answers but I am interested to hear what you think.
They as in the people that I know personally.
Not they as in all people belonging to apostolic churches.
It's a very small sample size considering I grew up in Evangelical Southern Baptist churches, but I know better than to generalize a large group of people.
Arguably we wouldn't have either without the church.
We might have a bunch of writing around that's about what we believe, stories that hold some wisdom, and about important people related the the religion but what makes those writings scripture is that they're given sanctity and authority.
So without the Church there isn't really anybody to give those writings that sanctity and authority.
The canonicity of writings also probably wouldn't be without the Church either.
The Church declaring things canon is affirming that those writings are genuine.
That they're written by the people who claimed to have written them.
The events in them actually occured.
The people mentioned in them actually were.
And whatever it teaches is actually truth.
&gt;They as in the people that I know personally.
Then they don't know what their Churches teach because that's not what is taught.
Perhaps they need more Catechesis and history lessons.
I don't know how you can make such a claim if you don't know the people or the churches they attend.
I see.
Would the Scriptures be authentic without being recognized as authentic?
Are the books of the canon the truth without tradition telling us they are authentic, authoritative and true?
They could be such without that recognition, yes.
But if that recognition isn't there I don't think anyone would pay them much mind.
But if they can be authentic without recognition, do they not have authority of their own accord regardless of the qualification of man?
I don't think anyone would hold them as authoritative without that recognition.
&gt;I don't know how you can make such a claim if you don't know the people or the churches they attend.
Your initial comment claimed definitively that all Apostolic Christians believed that the Church has ultimate authority.
Your second comment then back tracks and claims only those you know believe that.
Therefore since those you know are wrong about what their church teaches they should study what it teaches.
Apostolic Churches are Orthodoxy, Catholicism, Oriental Orthodoxy, Church of the East.
I'm pretty up on what the first two teach as I was around Catholicism for the majority of my life and lived as a Catholic without taking the Eucharist, I'm now an Orthodox inquirer.
Take your own advice then.
You don't know the people and the churches they attend.
&gt; Your initial comment claimed definitively that all Apostolic Christians believed that the Church has ultimate authority.
Your second comment then back tracks and claims only those you know believe that.
My initial comment did not claim definitively that all Apostolic Christians believed that the Church has ultimate authority.
I clarified in my second comment because apparently starting the first sentence with "I've never known anyone" doesn't carry over to the "They" in the second sentence of the same comment.
I guess in order for anything to be anecdotal it must be stated it's anecdotal in every sentence.
As soon as there is a sentence that doesn't state it's anecdotal it's no longer such.
I guess I need to read up on the rules of internet discourse.
&gt;Therefore since those you know are wrong about what their church teaches they should study what it teaches.
.
.
You don't know the people and the churches they attend.
Again, you're making baseless claims.
Not only that, but now you're telling me what I do and do not know.
How could *you* possibly know the information that's inside *my* head?
I understand that people like to argue and bicker online for no reason other than just to argue and bicker, but this is ridiculous.
&gt; Does canon exist without the church acknowledging canonicity or does canon exist only because the church says that it is canon?
Questions like this make my head hurt :\^) 

Anyway, I'd argue it's a null thesis.
The canon certainly exists independantly from the church -- if something is inspired, it is indeed inspired.
The problem (which makes it sort of a null question): we only *know* what's inspired because the church said so.
It, by the holy spirit and through the means of the knowledge of the teachings of the apostles, discerned what was inspired among the works that it knew.
So: maybe the book of herpaderp, that's only preserved to this day in one manuscript in an alexandrian trash heap, is truly and veritably inspired by the holy spirit -- the thing is, the church does not know it, it has not been discerned, and thus even if it is "metaphysically canon", it cannot be *recognized*, because it indeed is not known nor recognized...because it's still buried in a dump in alexandria somewhere.
So it's sort of an empty question: sure, inspired works may exist outside of what has been canonized by the church, but those works which you know as canon are the body of works *known* to be inspired.
&gt; But if they can be authentic without recognition, do they not have authority of their own accord regardless of the qualification of man?
1) you have a shorter canon than I do.
Why?
If the very pages themselves have authority over men, then by what right do you deign to shorten the canon?
2) who gets to interpret what is written?
3) how is canon recognized?
Shall I include gThomas and Thunder the Perfect Mind as well?
Why or why not?
This whole idea of there being some magic canon that just sort of exists regardless of whether it is recognized or not is silly.
Assuming it, *no one* has the right to discern the canon.
&gt;I understand that people like to argue and bicker online for no reason other than just to argue and bicker, but this is ridiculous.
Not trying to be rude but it's actually that you don't understand what I'm trying to say and thus taking your frustration out on me.
I was clear though.
Any Apostolic Christian who thinks that Holy Scripture and Holy Tradition are not balanced, they do not know the teachings of their Church or are purposefully going against those teachings.
These things aren't really pick or choose.
As to your last line, it was a play on what you said about me.
I know Apostolic Churches.
God bless!
EDIT: Reformatted some parts for charity.

Summary: 
They as in the people that I know personally.
You don't know the people and the churches they attend.
1) you have a shorter canon than I do.
&gt;They as in the people that I know personally.
Not they as in all people belonging to apostolic churches.
3) how is canon recognized?
Not only that, but now you're telling me what I do and do not know.
Arguably we wouldn't have either without the church.
I've never known anyone from the apostolic churches to do so.
Then they don't know what their Churches teach because that's not what is taught.
&gt;I've never known anyone from the apostolic churches to do so.
Catholicism teaches Tradition and Scripture balanced.
I don't care if you agree or not, that's what it teaches.
The people mentioned in them actually were.
I don't know how you can make such a claim if you don't know the people or the churches they attend.
