Original Response: 
Will two bad companies make one good one?
Two wrongs must make a right.
Yeah came here totally shocked Sirius was even still a company.
No man, two Wongs make General Tso Chicken.
And three rights make a left.
Exactly.
Two Whites aren’t going to make any General Tso Chicken.
Pandora isn't too bad, Sirius XM on the other hand can get fucked.
I don't have anything against Pandora or their service, I just don't think it's a company with much of a future.
Sirius isn't bad if you commute a lot, its just incredibly overpriced.
It worked for Sears + Kmart, right guys?
All in Sirius!
!
They learned tactics from Cable TV.
Just call every six months and it's $5 a month plus the royalties fee of $8.
That's what I'm doing.
Until cell phone streaming is made better I need SiriusXM for my weekend droves.
Been doing this for around 5 years now, works every time.
Agreed.
I would be willing to pay for it monthly, but not per radio.
So I don’t pay at all.
And two bottoms don’t make a top.
Call to cancel.
Tell them you heard about their 50% off promotion from a friend and you’ll stay for that price.
I’ve had half off for 4 years.
Just remember to call each year otherwise it renews at full price.
Going across the country I’ve quickly realized.
Turbo is legit(41)
Hip hop nation needs to add shit to their playlist.
(44)
Does anyone still use Pandora?
I feel like that was the main way to listen to music back in 2010-2012 but Spotify has more artists, newer music and curated playlists.
I feel like SiriusXM is drowning and just grabbed at whatever they could to try to survive.
I do, I pay for it and i really like it, even after having tried the others.
I don't have time to be messing around trying to find a decent playlist, on pandora I name an artist or song and it just kinda works.
I used Pandora for a long while, but recently started using Spotify this year (I tested it years ago and didn't like it) and haven't looked back.
From the article:
&gt; Pandora reported a smaller-than-expected earnings loss for its second quarter and announced it had about 6 million premium subscribers.
Apparently a large number still do.
I've moved on, but I do know of a few people along with several retail establishments that continue to use Pandora.
Pandora has 70M US MAU.
They’re not dying as fast as you’d think.
All T-Mobile customers just got a [free year of the Plus service](https://www.cnet.com/news/t-mobile-customers-will-get-a-free-year-of-pandora-plus/), that probably added a big chunk.
Aren't they growing?
I read somewhere their user base has grown substantially in the last couple years.
&gt; on pandora I name an artist or song and it just kinda works.
On spotify it doesnt?
I don't see how that is an advantage.
I do, but I don't pay.
Just use it for the gym, and it works fine for what I need it for.
Their paid subscribers are increasing, but total users are declining.
71M MAU end of Q2, down from 81M a year or two ago.
https://variety.com/2018/digital/news/pandora-q2-2018-sales-6-million-paying-subscribers-1202891518/

https://www.statista.com/statistics/787687/mau-pandora/
Thank you for the articles, but godamn 10 million MAU is nothing to just shake off.
Spotify does the same thing, you type in an artist or song and you can choose to play the radio of whatever you type in.
You don't have to search for a playlist.
&gt; curated playlists

A curated playlist of Drake's hottest hits, cool!
I do.
It knows my taste, has an app that works with Android Auto, and I'm too lazy to switch to anything else.
Spotify was too much work while driving.
Pandora I just open the app and it does its thing.
If I could commute on public transit I would use Spotify though.
I've never tried Spotify's radio service, but I've heard from people that use both that Pandora's radio service is just better.
Pandora’s curation is far superior to Spotify’s.
It's embedded in a lot of car nav systems is the only reason I use it.
Spotify uses a k-means clustering algorithm based on a few key song attributes.
Pandora was created more manually, using 30 music theory PhDs spending like 20 minutes on each song.
The whole project took 5 years, it's actually really impressive.
Spotify's is good enough for most, but depending on your taste Pandora has the potential to be vastly superior.
All of the ones I tried tended to repeat a lot more with not the right range of music which ended up requiring me to fiddle with the playlist.
Plus there was no point in dropping 2.5x the cost when I prefer to do it that way.
I’ve been tailoring my Pandora stations for nearly a decade.
Likes, dislikes, skips.
Every station I play now plays me something I like and will throw something new that I end up liking, too.
I use Spotify when I want a specific artist or song, but their recommendations have been pretty bad for me.
Source on Spotify using k-means?
Idk every time Spotify goes to the related music when it hits the end of the playlist it is an “omg make it stop” kind of reaction for me.
Maybe the radio is better?
They’re recommendations are based on what you listen to, add to playlist, etc.
My discover daily playlist are 50% songs I already know and love, 30% new songs that I end up liking and 20% songs that I’m not a fan of.
I have discovered several bands that aren’t popular at all through Spotify and they’ve become quick favorites.
Pandora isn't even available here in a Europe.
Spotify has pretty much captured the market.
Unless they come with some very good features or come in very cheap they aren't going to compete with Spotify and Apple Music.
It's growth is pretty much limited to the US imo.
I understand that.
I’m just saying Spotify’s is nowhere near as good as Pandora at finding me what I like.
Huh, did not know that thank you.
No source, best friend helped implement the radio feature in Spotify tho.
http://lmgtfy.com/?q=spotify+k-means+clustering.
Pandora has a lot of standup comedy.
I like to listen to mixed stations of various artists.
IDK I just haven't seen this in Google Play Music or Spotify.
Ads on Pandora suck tho.
I need to stop.
I listen to it, I pay for it, and I'd never switch.
Pandora's music genome project is awesome.
I've discovered some of my favorite bands through playlists I've trained.
I don't understand why anyone would be satisfied with being told by some playlist curator person what they should be listening to.
I know other sites  try to do something similar, but they don't do it nearly as well.
Seriously, I've been using Spotify for nearly six years.
I can't imagine using a web-based music platform that doesn't allow me to play a specific song or album on demand.
When I see someone bring up Pandora to play music, it's like, what's next - you gonna do a quick Yahoo search?
Wow nothing came up except people's personal projects using the Spotify API!
Thanks!
https://qz.com/571007/the-magic-that-makes-spotifys-discover-weekly-playlists-so-damn-good/

http://www.slideshare.net/MrChrisJohnson/from-idea-to-execution-spotifys-discover-weekly

It's almost like you were purposely trying to not find the sources.
So in conclusion they don't use k nearest neighbors.
I pay for Pandora.
If I'm looking for a specific song, I'll use YouTube.
I use Pandora to play channels I enjoy and not think about it.
It's simplicity and curation is great for me.
I love it!
I hate Spotify radio algorithm.
Not to mention, Spotify doesn't have a sleep timer.
Which is a really big deal for me.
Plus the fit it versa can store Pandora music for offline use (ie exercise)
This is the entire reason I haven't switched from Pandora.
I just get in my car, my phone automatically syncs with my cars blue tooth, and then the car automatically tells my phone to launch Pandora.
I do nothing.
Plus, I can thumb up/down/view song/album details on my cars screen and the next song buttons on my steering wheel work on Pandora.
Can even switch which station I'm on via the console screen.
But that all being said, if I had this for Spotify?
Yeah, I'd totally switch.
Pandora premium is not as much value for my dollar as Spotify.

Summary: 
I do, but I don't pay.
But that all being said, if I had this for Spotify?
Source on Spotify using k-means?
I don't see how that is an advantage.
I hate Spotify radio algorithm.
So I don’t pay at all.
Pandora I just open the app and it does its thing.
Spotify was too much work while driving.
Does anyone still use Pandora?
I use Pandora to play channels I enjoy and not think about it.
I listen to it, I pay for it, and I'd never switch.
I do, I pay for it and i really like it, even after having tried the others.
Pandora has 70M US MAU.
&gt; on pandora I name an artist or song and it just kinda works.
Pandora has a lot of standup comedy.
Pandora's music genome project is awesome.
Pandora premium is not as much value for my dollar as Spotify.
Seriously, I've been using Spotify for nearly six years.
