Original Response: 
I guess I was mentally unfit to ride today.
Came to a stop at parking lot, put in neutral, *thought* I put the stand down, leaned left, and "oops—shiiiiiiit!"
Got the bike back up and found the end of clutch lever on the ground, along with an unknown plastic part (any idea what it is?).
Scuffed the mirror and the turn signals but otherwise seemed fine(oh yeah sure keep telling yourself it's fine).
Stone me.
That's a good lesson to learn, check your kickstand twice before going for a ride and after you stopped!
Glad you're OK and your bike too (a lever is not too expensive, maybe it's time for a little upgrade 😉)
I've done this before..... more than once.
shit happens.
My bike is smarter than me—it has a relay that will shut off the engine if I'm in gear and kickstand down.
Just checked BikeBandit and it's $18.75.
But still...
What do you mean by upgrade?
I never thought a clutch lever can be anything fancy.
I'm guessing he just means you can get something fancy for lever!
I did that in my MSF class... luckily it wasn’t during testing.
You can have some fancy levers and practical one too.
I usally use short and foldable levers on each bike I own.
But be careful on what you buy, don't get those weird chinese one you can found and Ebay and Amazon.
"Weird Chinese one you can found and Ebay and Amazon."
OP - just get some that you're happy with, I had some from Amazon that worked great, and they were cheap.
&gt; But be careful on what you buy, don't get those weird chinese one you can found and Ebay and Amazon

Any specific reason?
I put the bike in first and use the kickstand to turn it off.
Easy way so you don't forget to put it down and putting it in gear keeps it from rolling backwards.
Ouch, i almost had that happen when i had a 1999 VMAX tip over because the bottom of my boot was wet so when i kicked the kickstand out my foot slipped and it didnt go out.
The bike started tilting over to the left and i put my leg out to try and stop it.
Took everything i had to stand that heavy beast back up while doing an akward split standup thing.
Wish i could have seen myself haha.
In my experience, I bought a Ride-It Moto shorty lever and it has a dangerous flaw.
I had the brake lever adjusted all the way out (farthest reach), went to tap the brakes on the interstate and found that the brake lever had "slipped" past the farthest adjustment point and was right up against the handlebar...
Very poor brake pressure.
Guess the vibrations caused it to slip past the adjustment range.
Might just try that some time.
Thanks!
Yeah OP, and when you clutch cable cut because of a bad alloy treatment and a lot of friction in time, you'll thank us.
Those are vital organs to your bike, it deserve quality.
Me and a few riders I know had a bad experience with levers that were badly designed and ended cutting our clutch cables.
I also saw once on a Sv 650 rider forum that a guy broke his brake lever by a hard pressure in straight line.
Don't know if it was true or not, but it wouldn't be surprising if it was.
You can get them in different *colours* :D.

Summary: 
You can have some fancy levers and practical one too.
"Weird Chinese one you can found and Ebay and Amazon."
I put the bike in first and use the kickstand to turn it off.
I never thought a clutch lever can be anything fancy.
I'm guessing he just means you can get something fancy for lever!
