Original Response: 
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.
Now being posted at 10pm eastern!
https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74.
Whats up y'all?
I'm.... Meh.
Been under the weather for the past few days.
And in case my empoyer is reading this fact totally didn't impede my ability to do my job today......
Watching: rasslin.. Half-ass watching anyway.
Hoping Hulk Hogan comes back and challenges for the title.
Not the men's.
(Sorry /u/sychophantom i saw your post and couldnt help myself!
😆)

Vaping: strawberry kiwi in the siren, and some pink punch lemonade in my new Ammit RDA.
Just til i get my wicking dialed in.. Never done this RDA thing before..
Drinking: sweetwater hop hash.
What’s shakin my dude?
Hope you feel better soon!!
How’re you liking the ammit?
Actually using one right now and getting my notes compiled to start writing soon possibly lol

Hop has is solid as hell btw.
Well, I'm running it with one of the included coils (tiny Clapton, .57ohm, wide open airflow at about 22.5watts and it's putting out great flavor.
Found my wattage sweet spot, now to dial in the airflow..

First impression is thst I could really come to like this thing.
Second impression is I need a damn squonk mod, haha.
Try the second smallest airflow hole.
I find it to be the perfect MTL draw.
Also the coil included is 0.57?
Mines 0.73 lol, man what a difference in resistance haha.
I put mine very, very close to the build deck.
Extremely short legs.
Just unscrewed and reattached my base, and it's reading .64 now.
Tried a few more times and its staying there..
No doubt lol I found it’s a pretty decent coil but I’ll probably throw my siren build into it tonight and see what happens haha.
Whats your usual siren build?
5?wrap fused Clapton 28x32 lol.
Kanthal?
Whats that come out to?
I've been using whatever coil type came with the siren, haha.. Been having trouble finding quality, smaller claptons that aren't sold out lately..
Kanthal.
Comes out to 0.63 every time lol

You can always build them lol but geekvapes fused Clapton spool is what I based mine off of.
Thumbs up on the Hop Hash.
If you're in the south, try to find Lazy Magnolia's Timber Beast.
One of my all time favorite IPAs.
I'm in the Midwest, but get some lazy mag stuff round here.
I'll keep my eye open for that one.
Thanks for sharing that rec!
It comes in 4 packs.
So, different from the standard 6 packs.
Easy to spot.
I ran a craft beer bar in the deep south for 5 years.
I know a fair amount about the crafts there.
Lol.
Even with a wrap that thick it works?
I've got to get one of those modern MTL tanks.
On all my more traditional gear, it's just not designed for the huge increase in wire mass from a Clapton.
I've had good results with 32/42 and 30/42 singe core claptons, but they're a bitch to make.
Lol.
In your saintly opinion, would the Berserker Mini RTA be able to handle a build needing that much power?
I have one, but I've never taken off the 0.8mm setting, and it's the most modern MTL tank I've got.
It works wonderfully in my opinion.
I haven’t used the mini but the full-size had leaking issues for me.
I’d go with the siren, the hastur, the galaxy, etc.
for a modern MTL RTA honestly.
Marshawn Lynch isn't a human being.
I don't know what he is, but it's not human.
Wait, what happened?
I haven’t been following for a little bit.
He dragged a linebacker while pushing through an entire defense for a touchdown.
Damn dude, I hadn’t seen that!
What game was this?
The Rams and Raiders, it just started.
No doubt lol, if I wasn’t busy I’d prolly be watching haha.
Beast mode, man.
He's 32 man, it's insane.
Him being some sort of alien would explain his more hilarious press appearances.
[You know why I'm here.
](https://giphy.com/gifs/seattle-marshawn-lynch-im-here-so-i-wont-get-fined-aTdLxw1KIYREs)

Summary: 
Whats that come out to?
I don't know what he is, but it's not human.
Whats your usual siren build?
[You know why I'm here.
I find it to be the perfect MTL draw.
5?wrap fused Clapton 28x32 lol.
I know a fair amount about the crafts there.
I put mine very, very close to the build deck.
I've got to get one of those modern MTL tanks.
Damn dude, I hadn’t seen that!
Tried a few more times and its staying there..
