Original Response: 
This actually just happened a couple of hours ago.
I'm a math TA at my college, and I was working my weekly shift.
Nobody had come in for help, so I was pretty bored all night long.
I also have a cold, so I had been blowing my nose pretty frequently throughout the shift.
There were about 30 minutes left in my shift, and I could feel my nose about to drip.
I was out of kleenex, so I got up to grab a napkin from the corner.
As I'm blowing my nose, I feel a weird feeling in my head.
Immediately, I recalled a family friend of mine who had a brain aneurysm triggered by blowing her nose.
I know it's ridiculous (which I'm realizing even more as I type this out), but because that's what my head immediately went to, I just had to know what the symptoms of a brain aneurysm might be.
I did a Google search, and the first thing I read was "An unruptured aneurysm usually causes no symptoms."
Now, I'm someone who gets queasy at anything medical like this, but this was a new record.
After reading this, I thought to myself "oh fuck", and then proceeded to tunnel-vision.
My last thought was "shit I think I'm gonna fain---"

Next thing I know I was being helped across the room by another TA in the room, and I had no idea what had happened yet.
As I get to the other side of the room, another TA comes in with a medical student (the med college was in the same building), and this guy asks me to lay down on the ground.
He asks me to lay down on the ground, and that's when I notice my hand covered in blood.
I start to panic, and when I try to sit up, I immediately started to tunnel-vision again, so I quickly put my head back down to keep from fainting again.
Then they covered my brow with paper towel, which indicated to me where I hit my head.
I was asked questions such as "what day is it today" and "who is our president," both of which I knew.
Overall it was a wild series of events.
EMTs were called, and ambulance was sent to my location.
A few friends of mine were in the building, and they came to make sure I was okay.
After ten minutes or so I felt fine aside from being a little shaky after everything had happened, and a hospital stretcher was brought in.
'*Shit*' I thought, as I know how much an ambulance trip costs and idk jack shit about my family's health insurance policy.
To make matters worse, half of the people in the room thought I should go to the ER to make sure everything was okay, and the other half told me that I was fine and didn't need it.
Still in shock, I opted not to go, and I've felt fine ever since aside from a bit of a headache from hitting my head.
After everything went down, my understanding is that I fell out of my chair and hit my head on the wheel of a table in the room.
I was out for about 20 seconds, and I clearly scared the living shit out of the other TAs that were there.
Overall though, I was very impressed with how the situation was handled.
The other TAs were quick to get multiple sources of help, and the med student had arrived by the time I came to.
He was very knowledgeable and was able to replicate many of the questions the EMT had asked me when he got there.
I'm just glad to say that I wasn't alone when I fainted, otherwise I might not still be here.
Anyways, I'll probably will be taking the day to relax tomorrow.
TL;DR: Felt a unique feeling in my head after blowing my nose, googled brain aneurysm symptoms, and got queasy and fainted.
Hit my head hard on the wheel of a table and almost got sent to the ER.
Another example of this is some people will start to have chest/heart problems when talking about the heart, often times especially when talking about the SA node and the electrical system of the heart in general.
Knowing early if you tend to respond to things like this is good so you can avoid repeat occurances, as sometimes its coincidence and sometimes it's something to do with you specifically.
There's a syndrome or condition or something that like 10% of the population has where listening to or reading about bloody things can make you faint or feel faint and once the process starts it can be difficult to stop.
Best to avoid the triggers entirely.
Probably talking about vasovagal syncope.
I have it and it sucks.
Even reading this thread I can feel things start to get shifty.
Bingo that's what it's called.
Yeah.
It's terrible and you get no sympathy.
[deleted]
I've got a vasovagal syncope, but have never had issues with reading about or seeing blood/gore.
My issues come when I'm standing too long, too hot, getting blood drawn, getting tattoos, medical procedures that involve incisions...
I've gotten *very* good at recognizing my warning signs and learning how to mitigate them.
Even discovered the last time I had blood drawn that they'll let you lay down during it if you ask.
Not a bit of wooziness that time.
It was a damn miracle.
Obviously everyone's different, but listening to your body is important.
When you get that feeling, don't try to push through.
Everytime I've told myself I'd be okay and to just hold on a little longer, that was my last thought before waking up on the floor.
I'm totally the opposite!
But it might have something to do with all those years of self-harm.
I've grown immune to the sight of my own blood.
I'm actually *mostly* okay with other people's blood if it's injury-related.
But like watching a surgery or something, like you said, when it's dark and just gushing out... Yeah, no.
Also, fuck anything to do with eyeballs.
I will never be able to get lasik because of that shit.
Yeah yeah… gore in general is fine, but things related to *my* blood and heart and stuff feel scary.
I pass out in blood tests too.
Measuring blood pressure raises it a bit.
But the one moment about "just talking" was in high school when the chemistry teacher was explaining how humans would die from too much oxygen or something.
It was like a nice long detailed-ish description of death by suffocation.
That felt awful.
I had to walk out of the classroom, wash my face and wait some time.
I had a lovely teacher who gave a very long and detailed description about her laser eye surgery.
I also walked out of the classroom and someone fetched me when she was done.
(It was costuming class, not like anything important was really going on).
Blood pressure cuffs always seem to spike my BP too.
I tell doctors and they just kind of chuckle like that's normal.
I can literally feel my BP raising the moment the cuff is velcro'd.
Conversely, there's this new wrist cuff that's *way* better.
Of course, now I've got the association of "they're measuring my BP and they're going to tell me it's high" so of course BP tests stress me out and raise my BP...
Highly recommend asking to lay down next time you get a blood test, though!
Fainting generally leaves me feeling shitty all day, so I'd dread blood draws and try to schedule them when I didn't have much going on so I could be a couch potato afterward.
Not fainting made all the difference and I couldn't even tell I'd had blood drawn.
I have this problem pretty badly.
HR is always over 120 when they put the cuff on me and I start freaking on the inside no matter how hard I try to convince myself I'm being dumb.
Oddly enough, whenever my BP is manually taken and I'm panicking, it's in the normal range, or even quite low; whereas when I use a machine it gets insanely high, like 160/100, and I'm a teenage girl.
I've since stopped checking it on a machine since it was getting literally obsessive.
The numbers would eventually get lower and lower and then when I hit a normal range I'd take it for the 30th time to "double check" and it'd be back up.
Still dreading an upcoming dr visit where I have to explain to the doc my irrational phobia.

Summary: 
I have it and it sucks.
I pass out in blood tests too.
I have this problem pretty badly.
I will never be able to get lasik because of that shit.
I was out of kleenex, so I got up to grab a napkin from the corner.
Even reading this thread I can feel things start to get shifty.
It's terrible and you get no sympathy.
I was asked questions such as "what day is it today" and "who is our president," both of which I knew.
As I'm blowing my nose, I feel a weird feeling in my head.
Measuring blood pressure raises it a bit.
I can literally feel my BP raising the moment the cuff is velcro'd.
When you get that feeling, don't try to push through.
