Original Response: 
I can see where (to some) this may have the opposite effect, whether it just feels too much like a porn script, or is too demanding or some other similar hangup.
Otherwise, there's an assumption that brazen behavior like this is more often positively received.
So if your female partner just really wants some attention from you, how would you feel about this, uh, strategy?
If you're not into it, what's off-putting about it, and how would you prefer she approach it?
&amp;#x200B;

Update: This got *way* more replies than I expected.
Thanks for all the input.
I'm a bit surprised by the idea that a woman would pull this immediately after having a fight, however.
This seems like such a bizarre response to fighting.
My initial and personal feelings were along the lines of feeling quite scripted, but if this served as a poll, I think it's safe to say the majority would not be upset.
I think it probably depends on your partner’s sex drive.
I’m a woman who uses tactics like that and initiates a lot in general, and my partners with high sex drives have all absolutely LOVED it.
My one ex with a low sex drive despised it and compared it to sexual assault.
So, ymmv.
As a straight dude with not the highest sex drive, I actually appreciated actions like this because it made it easier to get in the mood.
Frequency and passive aggressive subtones are important factors.
sexual assault?
!
Yeah I’m really curious about how he justified calling it that.
Must be in the US where anything is cathegorized  under “assault”.
What’s next?
A lawyer and a billion dollar lawcase?
Have you looked into responsive sex drives?
My one ex said she'd consider it sexual assault if I ever sent her a dick pic.
Depends on how deep her pockets are.
He was abusive in general and knew that I’d been assaulted before, so I think he was just looking for any low blow that he could- he called me a “rapist” a few times (towards the very end of our relationship) for trying to initiate sex too much, even though I never forced him to do anything or pushed it after he rejected me.
Admittedly some of my advances did involve touching him, but I always stopped when he said no.
I don’t think he had a leg to stand on in calling it assault, but my point was that he very much did *not* appreciate me being forward and trying to initiate sex (he also told me that it was a turnoff and he thought there was something wrong with me).
I'm a male with a much higher sex drive than my wife and she often tells me the same thing you referenced.
Obviously it's not a tactic I can over use but she always says once we get started she loves it.
About 7 inches before hitting the cervix.
I guess we don't know what she's leaving out.
Assault is a bit extreme, but unsolicited dick pics are pretty clearly sexual harassment.
[removed]
Sheesh.. Glad he's your ex.
Sounds like a peach of a person.
I am very glad as well!
That shit sandwich of a person is long gone, and I’m now 1000% happier in a relationship with someone who treats me well and loves that I initiate sex.
Just the opposite.
Such a forward proposal just makes the rejection sting worse for them.
In a LTR relationship?
Nah fam.
Oh my god, that's horrible.
Sorry, that made me laugh.
Hope you split up fast after that.
It depends on the relationship.
In an abusive relationship sending unwanted dick pics would be part of the abuse.
Hot pocket.
You may not strictly have a low sex drive... You may just have a responsive, vs spontaneous sex drive.
In communities with heavy emphasis on the importance of masculinity, like the US, it's expected that guys have a spontaneous sex drive and that they "don't need anything to get in the mood."
When the reality is that many men do, in fact, respond well to flirting and overtness on the part of their partner, as well.
Google "responsive vs spontaneous desire" - there's plenty of reading out there you might resonate with.
Well, TIL.
If someone says they don't want dick pics, sending them is harassment, regardless of whether you're in a relationship or not.
Your man may vary?
If your partner has explicitly stated that they do not want dick pics whatsoever, it's sexual harassment to then send any because it's a sexual action they did not consent to and even plainly stated they do not want to participate in.
It's the digital equivalent of flashing someone and not everyone is into that.
It's disrespectful to ignore your partner's wishes on something like that.
If it's a deal breaker, there are plenty of other people who are more than happy to exchange naughty photos with a partner.
Find someone who eagerly consents, don't ignore a partner's discomfort and carry on like their feelings don't matter.
I feel like I’m both?
I have the spontaneous desire for my partner, but I still love when she makes a move or initiates something.
Huh.
Thanks for describing me.
Unsolicited != unwanted.
I was thinking of someone sending them without the partner having asked them not to.
Obviously, if your partner asks you not to do something, you should respect them.
&gt;  and compared it to sexual assault.
I hate this.
People like to use superlatives and blow things way out of proportion, and this seems to be increasingly common to the extent that I have a lot of hesitation when engaging with a new partner.
Earlier this year I had someone physically accost me, I pushed them away and I was told *I* was being abusive.
It's fucking crazy how people can convince themselves they are victims and ignore their own issues.
Sorry you've experienced that kind of thing, it blows and I totally relate.
Definitely has been a lesson (for me) about looking for more indicators of compatibility with new partners, and not *just* sexual compatibility but also communication ability, conflict resolution, and just how we get on in all aspects of our interactions.
Unfortunately it’s not uncommon for abusers to attempt to turn the accusations of abuse around on their victims, to justify their behavior.
I’ve certainly learned a lot from that period of my life- I hope you’re happier now too!
I am.
Two partners currently who are incredibly supportive.
I feel very fortunate, both have been in my life for over a decade.
I'm glad you've found a better situation for yourself.
It's strange, as a guy, to experience abusive behavior directed at me and then be accused of it when acting in my own defense.
Scary, too, because of societally-influenced perceptions when aggression is signaled between a woman and a man.
Took a little while to recognize it for what it was; I'd experienced abuse at a younger age (and didn't realize until *years* later,) which helped me identify it, but it's still accompanied by a large degree of cognitive dissonance.
Yeah - same for me.
I really really LOVE when a woman initiates...
Unfortunately, my sex drive is high enough that I think maybe they never get in the habit of doing it.
:(
&gt;despised it and compared it to sexual assault.
Geezz...
I could rant for 10 minutes about how utterly stupid that is.
And it has nothing to do with their sex drive.
I am aware of the term and agree it suits me, but not sure what else there is to know or where to look.
huh, super interesting, I've never heard of that before.
Thank you for sharing!
Yeah with my sex drive, she rarely needs to initiate, but I love when she escalates, like if we start making out, and she grabs me, or unhooks her bra, I think it’s the sexiest thing ever.
Nothing like really being wanted to get you going.

Summary: 
I am very glad as well!
I feel like I’m both?
And it has nothing to do with their sex drive.
Have you looked into responsive sex drives?
I really really LOVE when a woman initiates...
I think it probably depends on your partner’s sex drive.
It depends on the relationship.
I was thinking of someone sending them without the partner having asked them not to.
I feel very fortunate, both have been in my life for over a decade.
&gt;  and compared it to sexual assault.
&gt;despised it and compared it to sexual assault.
Nothing like really being wanted to get you going.
It's disrespectful to ignore your partner's wishes on something like that.
Sounds like a peach of a person.
