Original Response: 
Obligatory this didn't happen today but happened earlier in the week.
Recently the son of a family friend committed suicide (gunshot).
It was unexpected for those of us who did not know he struggled with depression.
The obituary said to dress casually, so I had come home from work for the day, got around and dressed, and left the house, grabbing the hat I always wear.
Once I got to the funeral home, there was quite a line.
I stood and waited in line to see the family and to pay my final respects.
I had gotten looks from a few different people but at viewings people are normally fairly shook up and distraught so I thought nothing of it.
Once I got home, I realized my mistake when I took off my hat.
The hat I always wear.
Smith &amp; Wesson branded logo.
I feel like such an asshole.
It was completely unintentional but man do I feel like such a jerk  :(
Rest easy up there bud.
TL;DR wore a Smith &amp; Wesson branded hat to the viewing of a man who committed suicide by gunshot.
[removed]
If you like to live like it’s the 50s then sure.
This doesn’t apply to today sir/ma’am.
Ya it does, especially a church.
Proper etiquette can suck a dick then.
Yes, OP shouldn't have worn a hat to a viewing, but not because it was indoors... You generally don't wear a hat in a formal setting.
Informal settings, hats are perfectly fine indoors.
Ah yes, tradition is the law of the land.
Why do you feel the need to wear a hat?
In a church I agree but removing your hat indoors in general just isn't that much of a thing anymore.
Still think it depends on the building, McDonalds probably not but in a nice restaurant I would say so.
At a DMV probably not but I would say so in a courthouse.
I would not wear one myself because I think it would make me look *too* casual, but I wouldn't even think twice of someone wearing a hat at an event like this unless they were actually a part of the ceremonies or what-not.
I think he should be free to wear a hat (he just got off work, maybe his hair was messy and he needed to run), and it's not hurting anyone except for the people who cling to traditions like this petty "no hats inside" one.
Edit:
I'm not religious and I don't hate people who are religious, but I do hate when people get mad about things that are traditions for *them*, not necessarily everyone else as well.
The hat thing is like in Japan where you take your shoes off before entering.
It's silly but people really get offended.
+1.
So.. women are allowed to but men aren't?
Sometimes it's about doing things just because.
It's about going out of your way to do a little gesture for someone you presumably care about.
If you know you are going to a funeral there is no reason you shouldn't be able to get your hair in order whether that's bringing a comb with you or getting off work early.
(I'm pretty sure most jobs accommodate funerals)
Yeah.
There are lots of gender differences in formal dresscodes.
I agree with you I'm really not arguing that you're wrong, I just don't think the family should really care about a hat on someone at a funeral.
They're grieving, they most likely did not even notice him in a hat, and if it really did bother them i'm sure they would tell him and he would immediately take the hat off.
We live in a world with unimaginable evils happening every day, and we're but a speck of dust in the universe; a hat really shouldn't matter in the end.
I understand that it's a simple thing not to wear a hat though.
Good thing it's not up to you to decide what grieving families are allowed to care or not care about then isn't jt.
It all depends on the person but that's not how I was raised.
The fact that the family didn't mention anything means they don't care.
You are right in that the family probably didn't care, my point is OP should feel obligated to remove his hat out of respect.
In the end it's not a big deal at all it just slightly rubs me the wrong way.
Why do you feel the need to care?
Do you have a logical reason to think all hats need to be removed at all times when indoors?
If not, why does it matter how you were raised?
I was raised to do plenty of things that I don't do due to them making no sense.
To me it's about the symbolism.
I don't think it's a big deal and I wouldn't look down on someone for not removing their hat.
I think it stems from the idea of a hat concealing part of yourself which is tended to be viewed as a negative action when in the presence of someone you are "below".
Obviously I think all humans are equal but in the case of a funeral an attendee takes a backseat to the deceased.
Once again bot a big deal I just view it as a little thing that in my perfect world would be respected but I understand my perfect world isn't more important than others'.
It's called being courteous, and tradition.
It has something to do with being raised because I was always told not to wear hats inside and we're supposed to remove them when doing so.
Some older folks get offended when you keep yours on because that's an old tradition that's been around a long time in the US at least.
To ignore that is pretty disrespectful and ignorant IMO, but hey you do you.
what fucking year is it?
jesus.
A lot of the old people I know are offended by minorities, so should we also keep being racist to keep them happy?
If your only argument is "old people did it that way," you don't really have an argument and I would say that is extremely ignorant, but hey, you do you.
I respect that.
Well, we're all entitled to our opinions.
It's just something my parents and family instilled in me.
If it had been racism I would question it, but it's a harmless tradition so I don't.
Okay but what if we just symbolized it in a different way.
What if in another culture wearing hats to funerals is what your supposed to do because it shows sadness.
It's just stupidly arbitrary that people shouldn't be "expected" to follow them.
keeping traditions for the sake of traditions is pointless.
take your hat off indoors if you please but dont tell me i should as well.
Do and think as you please and I will as well.
Nothing wrong with being uncultured I guess.

Summary: 
The hat I always wear.
I feel like such an asshole.
Why do you feel the need to wear a hat?
Do and think as you please and I will as well.
Sometimes it's about doing things just because.
I understand that it's a simple thing not to wear a hat though.
It all depends on the person but that's not how I was raised.
Why do you feel the need to care?
take your hat off indoors if you please but dont tell me i should as well.
It's silly but people really get offended.
Nothing wrong with being uncultured I guess.
