Original Response: 
I don’t think that’s how that works.
Yeah this was relevant 10 years ago.
As someone doing this process now, this is 100% wrong.
Glad to hear it!
Question is: is this 100% wrong everywhere?
If a big economy like China allows this to happen again, wouldn’t that cause a global crisis also?
China is buying real estate in the US not vice versa.
China has a massive real estate bubble, it's about to pop.
Homes in it's cities average 600k while annual pay avg for those areas are 15k.
Here in China, people often borrow their down payment from other people.
Mostly rich people doing these.
They are rich, then they use their status to borrow a huge amount of money from friends and family, even other companies, then they buy a lot houses just to sell them at a higher price.
A lot of factory owners even just pause all buisiness to do this.
It usually ends well for them tho.
Until sometime in the future it doesn't.
It is?
How?
Lending, taking on debt, and establishing credit are how banks work.
As in ease of getting a mortgage, depending on what you’re doing you can get a financial enema.
because banks are strict as fuck now.
I make a good living with 0 debt, high credit score and it was hard even getting a 300K loan.
Some debt coupled with on-time payments would have helped you because it would better solidify in their minds your long-term commitment to the repayment process you would be taking on if granted a larger mortgage.
Good credit is only part of the evaluation process.
They want to see a long history of on-time payments in addition to all the other great things you have going for you in order to be willing to shell out more money.
This is the game the current system makes us play: go into debt and prove you can repay consistently in order to earn the right to go into deeper debt on your next go around.
china is /r/gangstasparadise.
Nah not really they REALLY care about outstanding debts, income, and assets.
They don't really even care about monthly bills except for ones related to debts.
You could have 10 years perfect payments on credit cards and loans, but if your household (of 2) has ~$1-2,000/mo in total debt and even make $60,000  year they'll quote the two of you to probably a maximum loan of around $150,000-200,000 if you're lucky your interest rates will be a bit better if you have good history.
That will likely max you out and getting any other loans, like for a new car will be shit show.
Debt/capital is the name of the game again.
Source: walk into a bank and have a 10 minute convo with the banker.
(Who will then advise you to shop around for loans within the next 30 days so the huge influx of credit checks won't ding you)

They want usually maximum 30-40% debt payments to total gross income for fixed rates that don't suck ass; if not the renter's office is 2 blocks over.
10+ years ago they didn't even validate fucking income.... now they want at least 60-120 days income varification.
But, they've also built entire cities that no one lives in.
Not really.
i have a long 10+ year history of paying off my credit card in full every month, but I don't have any other loans.
A good credit history requires a good range of credit aside from revolving credit lines (credit cards).
The old saying that all debt is bad may be true to simplify things for most people.
But it’s much more complicated.
Having a car loan works well.
Yup.
I’ve had perfect credit for awhile with revolving credit lines but at some point my score never really improved.
After my first car loan, my score made huge leaps.
so what you are telling me is that there will be no 2nd housing bubble pop soon so I can buy a cheap as fuck house?
Yes, but if a bank lends you money for a home and you only repay a portion of it then default, they actually lose a lot of money since the interest is supposed to repay the cost for the bank to buy the property plus the employees and resources needed to bring in the deal.
If you only pay back 100K then default, the bank ends up with a house it has to turn around and sell quickly to cover employee incomes and the amount spent on the house in the first place.
Loans aren’t just “Give some dude money and he might pay it back maybe”, they’re an investment with collateral and careful data analysis done beforehand to make sure they’re profitable.
On the lendees side, loans are a way of divesting large costs into smaller more manageable monthly fees.
For example, if you’re 30 and you want a house that costs 250K to start a family in, while you’re on a salary of only 50K, it might take you 25 years to afford that house in one payment, because you can only save up for it through direct savings and investment.
If you take out a loan, you can divest that into 1,000 monthly, a number which is comparable to a rent payment, you’re just stuck making that payment until the mortgage is paid off.
The net result is that you can get your house before retiring, and the bank gets a nice bit of gravy on top of its recouped investment for taking a risk on you.
That’s not just “Here’s some money, pay it back somehow, maybe, we don’t care.”.
What was the loan for?
Well it was reposted from 11 years ago, so perfect.
How do you think 2008 happened?
That is exactly what happened.
A.
I feel like people keep saying that and hopefully it's true.
Anecdotally, I know of many people who have been approved for absurd home loans in the last few months.
Just a matter of time before they start doing it again...since you know, if we made one thing clear after that mess it's that the perpetrators would face no real consequences.
That’s how it should work yeah, but banks can loan out essentially unlimited amounts of money, and as long as people are paying them back they’re in the clear.
I know this is how we got the 2008 crash, but nothing changed since then.
We got the 2008 crash because the government legally forced banks to loan to people who could not pay for loans, people in society started using mortgages to cover the cost of their previous mortgages, government regulatory agencies dropped the ball on monitoring the quality of CDOs, and there was a natural housing bubble as a result of market forces.
We did not get the 2008 crash because of the audacity of banks to exist.
That is a lie pushed by democratic politicians and moderate republicans who wanted to remove responsibility from themselves for being partly behind the policies which led to the crash.
What’s an absurd home loan in your area?
Im looking in the 600-700k range and trying to do some programs that don’t have the pmi on em, which are way more strict.
This sub is pretty fucking retarded sometimes.

Summary: 
What was the loan for?
because banks are strict as fuck now.
Lending, taking on debt, and establishing credit are how banks work.
Having a car loan works well.
Mostly rich people doing these.
What’s an absurd home loan in your area?
Good credit is only part of the evaluation process.
I don’t think that’s how that works.
Yeah this was relevant 10 years ago.
We did not get the 2008 crash because of the audacity of banks to exist.
