Original Response: 
First time watching parts unknown with my Italian wife.
Season 10 Ep 8.
Asia Argento is in it this episode.
I felt a pain as I watched then together.
Wife has been open to the red pills I been dropping on her.
Hoping to elaborate on the conspiracy involving Weinstein.
Too bad he can't speak from the grave isn't it?
But too many things are too fishy.
A tall man doesn't hang himself on a doorknob.
He always said if he went out, it would be by heroin.
Weinstein killed him.
He paid to quiet abuse allegations giving like 1/3 of his net worth, sticking up for the scumbag girl that all his true friends kept warning him the about.
The day he committed suicide the girl he kept going to bat for whose true friends warned him about was seen cheating on him.
He killed himself over a lying cheating scumbag girl whose Weinstein like behavior he was helping cover up.
LOL, your retarded narrative makes no sense no matter how much you worshipped his celebrity status.
Israelis know how to honey trap, ask Vanunu.
Either Weinstein or Clinton murdered him, it wasn't a broken heart.
ps, **The mods here are incredibly corrupt.
I invite everyone to start paying attention to what they do, and don't do here a little more closely.
They use dozens, maybe hundreds of alts to game this sub.
**
Harvey hired Mossad:

https://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/israeli-operatives-who-aided-harvey-weinstein-collected-information-on-former-obama-administration-officials

And we're just supposed to believe he killed himself by hanging due to a broken heart.
L O fucking L.
Wow, you're callously laughing at his demise, his pain and the pain of the actual people that know and care about him.
I'm guessing you bitterly call people cucks online so your celeb hero couldn't have hung himself over the girl that was clearly manipulating him and cheating on him despite all his close friend's warnings.
Hired Mossad to do what?
Why would they care about that satanic scumbag and the guy she was using?
Why would they care about the degenerate beyond exposing her own crimes or the troubled guy that she was using who paid to keep it quiet?
How was this trainwreck child abuser a threat to anyone?
Even unstable Rose doesn't take her seriously anymore.
A shame she got her claws into him.
So how come actual victims who weren't scumbags and their loved ones aren't being killed?
The girl that was brave enough to try and catch him in the act taping it undercover is alive.
The reporter i still alive, etc.
etc.
Argento dated Harvey publicly after whatever incident happened.
She stuck u or pedophile Polanski.
She threw Vincent Gallo under the bus once he tried to stick up for her.
Her life is ruined now because of her own actions.
Why would Bourdain get killed?
It makes no sense.
If he was alive she would've embarrassed him and used all his money by now.
He was a broken man with a broken heart.
What is your childish delusional version of what would be happening now if he was alive?
I'm seriously fascinated to hear it.
He had more integrity than to kill himself over a dumb bitch.
Take your emotional drivel somewhere else.
How much integrity does it take to pay off the dumb bitches sexual abuse victim?
You're admitting that he was completely smitten with a dumb bitch.
I'm using the words that everyone who actually knows and cares about them says his feeling toward her were.
Not some bitter internet turd that never knew him with his own internet agenda.
You're the emotional one.
Possibly an incel.
You're very upset that a celeb hero of yours who has all kinds of demons was set over the edge by that "dumb bitch".
I agree it sucks.
It's not because Hilary and Weinstein were scared of the dumb bitch that was using him.
Is that what you're saying the unstable girl you labeled some dumb bitch was a threat to very powerful people?
Thanks for helping me with my argument.
So why was that dumb bitch and her latest boyfriend that she was cheating on such a threat?
You have to have an answer to this or else you're just emotional and shameless and using this guys death.
So please answer that question.
Once you take a deep breath after reading this I'm seriously fascinated; if Bourdain was alive to today what heroic plot was Weinstein and Hilary preventing by killing him?
What was this white night to a dumb bitch aobut to do?
You clearly had some sort of idea.
What is your version?
But again you're right she's a meaningless dump bitch...yet in your bias bitter mind, she was center of some evil conspiracy that got Bourdain murdered.
You're not even rational enough and too emotional to apply any kind of logic.
He's celebrity chef and she's a dumb bitch paying off an abuse victim with the troubled celeb chefs money.
That's a fact, right?
So how do you rationalize all this with your vast conspiracy in this case?
Isreal plotted all this back when the kid was 12 and she was grooming him?
That poor angelic rational Asia Argento is a good person?
All the demons in Bourdain's life were created by Mossad?
Sorry, none of that makes any kind of sense.
So who was the big threat to Hilary, Weinstein, and Mossad in this instance?
And why?
First you say I'm probably someone who calls people cucks.
Then you say I'm probably an incel.
Pick up your baggage and take your cry baby ass back to your boyfriend.
I am not going to babysit you here.

Summary: 
He had more integrity than to kill himself over a dumb bitch.
It's not because Hilary and Weinstein were scared of the dumb bitch that was using him.
Hired Mossad to do what?
Why would Bourdain get killed?
So why was that dumb bitch and her latest boyfriend that she was cheating on such a threat?
You're admitting that he was completely smitten with a dumb bitch.
I am not going to babysit you here.
Why would they care about that satanic scumbag and the guy she was using?
What was this white night to a dumb bitch aobut to do?
I'm seriously fascinated to hear it.
He was a broken man with a broken heart.
So who was the big threat to Hilary, Weinstein, and Mossad in this instance?
