Original Response: 
Yeah I'll not give 325 gold for an exotic set....
thats in the same ballpark that you needed to spend for the lunatic armor sets during halloween last year and they didnt have dyable sparkly.
If it was supposed to be this pricey they would've made it so from the beginning, my point is that this is some shitty oversight from them and it's about time they fixed it.
maybe making the collection pricy wasnt their only goal but they also wanted to introduce new demand for useless sigils.
Then they would need to introduce supply too then.
And no, mystic forge is not supply.
Doesn't feel so expensive if you always keep gossamer and ectoplasms in storage though.
precisely.
this is just steamed red dumplings all over again, just tied to actual rewards.
there are currently enough sigils for 42 people to finish their collection on the TP.
Then your feelings are deceiving you because gossamer and ectos account for less than 10% of the overall crafting costs, the rest is split between t6 leather and the rare versions of the skulls, spiders and nougat for the insignias.
fairly sure i got my lunatic set for free.
&gt; skulls, spiders and nougat for the insignias.
those are mind-numbingly easy to farm during halloween though.
the [insignia](https://www.gw2bltc.com/en/item/85405-Lunatic-Gossamer-Insignia) requires the rare versions of these, which were taken off the loot table from the trick or treat bags last year, so new supply can only be purchased from the festival vendor for 1000 of the regular masterwork versions.
To get enough of those, you would need to open around 18k treat bags, 72 stacks.
Mind numbing?
Definately.
Easy?
Probably too.
Quick?
Not so much.
I made enought last year to craft a set, I'll probably make enough this year finish up the last set I need.
It seemed reasonable to me, since it just requires doing the festival content.
you probably bought those rare versions of the skulls, fangs and nougats on the tp and not from the vendor because their prices on the tp were still lower than what the vendor would have taken.
those cheap ones have a vendor value of 25c, if you sell them to a vendor, which equals 2.5g for 1k.
If you get one of those for 1k from a vendor, you are basically wasting gold, if their price on the tp is lower.
yes you can get 1 set from achievements but those achievements arent a requirement needed to craft any of the sets, i was refering to the total crafting costs of all 18 pieces for the collection achievement.
But I forgot to add the prices for the recipes, you need 15 candy corn cobs for the recipes for 2 sets and 22 for all three sets, adding another 60-88g to the crafting costs.
Comparing the lunatic and requiem sets, their costs are unbalanced across the 3 sets:

While the first lunatic set is potentially free, if you obtain it via achis (only opportunity costs) it could also cost you ~100-120g, if you decide to craft it right away, sets 2 and 3 will cost you 100-120g each.
The requiem armor has the bulk of the gold costs on the first set (thanks to nullification sigils atm), while the 2nd and 3rd set is relatively cheap, since you only need to pay 75 ectos at a vendor for each set, plus a decent amount of opportunity costs (mistonium).
You can level a profession and make an ascended set for less by buying the TP-able items.
What?
I think people are just determined to be mad.
In another thread I merely asked what lead some one to believe that ANet hadn't thought through this sigil situation; just asked a question and nothing else, and I got myself a score of -10 for it.
https://pr.reddit.com/r/Guildwars2/comments/9hqkim/state_of_the_ingame_economy_after_the_latest/e6e3zmm/
OTOH, even for me as a very casual non-raider that's only about a fourth of my spare cash.
Hrm.
Inflation and all, I suppose.
For a mere price of one legendary piece of armor you get a whole _dyable_ glowing set!
Amazing value, grab your wallet now and double click!
/Sarcasm.
Yep it's frustrating when people say come on it's worth the money since it's so shiny and cool..this isn't the griffon where everyone spent the same to get it!
This is a few people dominating the market and getting super rich (essentially making money while also getting the armor so there is zero gold sink for the people that actually need a gold sink) while people paying those prices are getting poor.
And the majority of people don't just have 300+gold to blow.
"Just wait it will go down!"
Is terrible advice.
This living world was heavily advertised on the new armor sets and they should be available to get  for average players at the time of release, who don't play markets.
It's not fair for only a select few can enjoy the shiny armor because they were first come first serve.
Well you might have something there, since Legendary Armor's dye channels have been broken since release.
:thinking:
Demand as a mat, not as a sigil.
Raiding doesn’t make you much more money than playing casually, especially if farming istan counts as casual.
for, not as.
On the plus side the Shadow dye kit’s in black lion chests now, so you can get all the Shadow dyes (except Abyss) for ~8-10g each.
And it’ll be your best chance to jump on the coveted Shadow Abyss, since it will be under 100g for the next few months.
325 gold for a set of armor skins, you don't actually get any armor.
Let's make this clear: pre-patch there was enough sigils in the entire game's supply to allow approx **800 players** to make the Requiem set.
It was only ever going to end up like this.
This has nothing to do with economics or supply &amp; demand.
There is literally not enough generation of these items in any way whatsoever to satisfy the demand.
This is such a colossal fuck up from ANet.
Again.
They marketed this new feature - upgradable armor - as a unique selling point of this season's story and they made it literally impossible to get for all but a few hundred players.
ANet need to start firing people who come up with these shitty design choices as they're turning people away.
Some ugly-ass weapon skins are worth more than that on the TP.
For that gold you get an entire, awesome armor set.
I'm hating this situation as much as anyone, and won't be collecting the armor until next year when the prices are finally down, but just sayin'.
Well, they will!
Eventually.
Within the next decade, almost for sure.
Still waiting on the ones for wintersday myself...
But it doesn't matter cuz I'll never finish the kittening JP :(
Did you try the easy route?
I'm quite shit at JPs myself, and was astonished that I managed to run the JP a few times last Wintersday.
I failed a few times too, and there's a bit of luck involved in the exploding boxes and rolling snowballs.
Umm yeah, that's the Only one I tried.
Dozens upon dozens of times.
Maybe almost 50 times, and only twice got to the middle part.
wow, ouch :(
I dunno, the timed ones just put me on edge.
Wintersday, Halloween, Southsun...
Yeah, it's an added stress :S I've never even tried the Halloween and Southsun ones because they look way too difficult.
At least on the easy route the snowflakes don't disappear, so we only have to be quick from the gifts onward (and there's the instance timer, but that's like 15 mins?)
&gt;At least on the easy route the snowflakes don't disappear, 

Since when??
:O.
Last year I think?
When they officially introduced the Quaggan/Snowman/Gingerbread routes.
Omg you're right!
That gives me some hope for this year :)
Best of luck!
:)

Summary: 
For that gold you get an entire, awesome armor set.
Inflation and all, I suppose.
325 gold for a set of armor skins, you don't actually get any armor.
I think people are just determined to be mad.
Then they would need to introduce supply too then.
Demand as a mat, not as a sigil.
I dunno, the timed ones just put me on edge.
fairly sure i got my lunatic set for free.
Still waiting on the ones for wintersday myself...
That gives me some hope for this year :)
Yeah I'll not give 325 gold for an exotic set....
Umm yeah, that's the Only one I tried.
Did you try the easy route?
