Original Response: 
I mean, it's allowed.
Sure it's frustrating but they aren't breaking any laws.
Just because something is "legal" doesn't make it moral or right.
Plenty of scummy practices are "legal".
But in the modern era of electric communication we must protect our values in the physical space as well as the digital space.
Freedom of speech.
Freedom of expression.
Freedom for all.
Equality for all.
[deleted]
If what someone says is legal it shouldn't be censored.
But a pedophile who is taking about their sickness to desire raping children would be a promotion of violence and therefore censored.
Not sure why you lump pedophilia with trans activism...
Why should a trans activist be censored?
Ignorant people like you need to mind your fuckin business.
Nobody is asking you to chop off your dick.
[deleted]
Lol?
What?
Care to back up your disgusting libel?
I have never said "trans people are degenerate".
I said that the trans movement is an esoteric ritual to bring about the creation of the Adam man.
Adam as a direct reflection of god before the creation of eve.
Is it calling it degenerate to say that maybe children should wait until their brains are developed before undergoing life changing therapy and surgery?
Please, if you don't have something nice to say let's keep it to our selves.
We are all family here.
No need to spread baseless libel.
Frankly I don't think anyone should control how YouTube or Google controls content.
It's like complaining about a TV channel taking down your favorite show.
They tried editing before they deleted.
They accused you of calling trans people "degenerates" then edited the comment to say something about removing one's genitalia.
Now a deletion in cowardice.
You fail to see what humanity is becoming.
The internet is becoming apart of us more by the day.
We're not far off from being able to access the internet in our minds.
We need to start preparing for the future and ensure human rights on the web.
God is my Strength.
Libels against the rules anyway.
Baseless claims like that won't stay up in a properly moderated forum.
When they cancelled Invader Zim on Nickelodeon was that a violation of your rights too?
wow that first paragraph

What's it like to be a conspiracy theorist yet still believe the lies of Rome?
It's not about what I believe.
It's about the beliefs of the elite...
you will find the backlash due to the current political climate and the right deregulating industry and buisness.
citizens united ruling coupled with the popular opinions of the right that employers can force employees to attend political functions, that the corporation or buisness rights superceed those of the customer or employee.
so when you complain about buisness censorship it rings hollow to a large percentage of the population.
maybe not you specifically or maybe you, but the right in general is tasting its own shit.
the same shit that they forced down everyones throats.
so when you cry about it, no one gives a fuck.
How was the citizens united ruling "right wing"?
It happened under the most liberal court in history..
if you think that court was liberal, youre either so far off the deep end on the right you cant even see the middle on the horizon...or you just dont understand what the word liberal even means.
How would you personally define "right and left"?
Not the guy you were replying to, but the right is PRO-corporate interests.
That's just starters.
Also, left =/= liberal.
So, maybe you need to rephrase the question.
Democrats are pro-corporate interests.
Go look who is getting more corporate donations, you might be surprised if you bother to look.
You're taking about neo cons.
Not the real right.
The real right is anti authoritarian.
It's like I'm not getting through at all.
Leftist =/= liberal.
Democrat is a political party, not an ideology.
The real right is extremely authoritarian.
Are you joking?
The far right includes people like Adolf Hitler, Augusto Pinochet, various other ultra right military juntas throughout Latin America...
The farther right you go, the stronger the state/authority.
They're authoritarian AND corporatist/market-oriented.
I mean, look at National Socialism.
That's an ultra-authoritarian brand of nationalism and corporatism.
If right wingers love something, it's corporatism and nationalism.
A political party that is decidedly leftist and liberal.
Your splitting hairs with dictionary definition vs what are common terms for people on the left.
Unless you are talking about classical liberals, of which most people have no idea means these days.
&gt;A political party that is decidedly leftist and liberal.
The democrats are leftist?
How?
Where?
Since when?
Fascism is a left wing movement..
The political spectrum goes form freedom to totalitarianism.
It's that simple.
Lmao no it doesn't.
Hahahaha 


I dont even know what to say about that statement.
That's not how it works.
What do you believe the debunked  horseshoe theory?
It has its strong points and weak-points.
But no,.
I don't.
Lol but I *certainly* don't believe in that kindergarten A-Z line you previously described lmfao "it goes from tyranny to freedom in a straight line" lmao

No.
Politics is a lot more nuanced than that, buddy.
"Freedum" is just ... A nebulous promise leaders promise their useful idiots who love simple, easily digestable buzzwords because they lack the mental strength to actually think.
It's something writers and political philosophers, on BOTH sides, write about in all sorts of open-ended terms.
You seem to have eaten that phrase up though.
That's a shame, but not surprising.
What is freedom to you?
The marxists and leftists define freedom as freedom from exploitation.
Liberal writers define it as freedom from government.
The far right defines freedom as freedom from society...
Yet every single stop along the same political spectrum has its version of tyranny.
It's a really nuanced topic.
Your assertion that "it goes from less freedom (left) to most freedom (right)" is completely uneducated.
It just sounds dumb.
Here, let me illustrate it for you: IF what you say were true and the far left were "most repressive".... Then where would anarchists lie?
Because in any political spectrum chart you look at, anarchists are far left (Nazism is far right btw).
But according to you, they (anarchists) are far right?
Lol no no.
You need to hit the books again my man and refresh on your basic political theory cuz you've been mislead into believing some really wrong stuff.
You might be better served laying off the right wing (*dis*-)information websites.
Historical and academic revisionism seems to be a very common trait they all seem to have.

Summary: 
What is freedom to you?
It's not about what I believe.
But according to you, they (anarchists) are far right?
The real right is anti authoritarian.
The real right is extremely authoritarian.
The far right defines freedom as freedom from society...
Liberal writers define it as freedom from government.
How would you personally define "right and left"?
It's like I'm not getting through at all.
A political party that is decidedly leftist and liberal.
Democrat is a political party, not an ideology.
&gt;A political party that is decidedly leftist and liberal.
The political spectrum goes form freedom to totalitarianism.
How was the citizens united ruling "right wing"?
It's about the beliefs of the elite...
I mean, look at National Socialism.
