Original Response: 
Holy crap.
Today I went over 20 for the first time and it is ridoculous...ly awesome.
Been practicing my emergency stops enough to feel comfortable going the speed limit in a 25mph zone.
First time going into 3rd gear.
This is a whole new world and I'm fucking hooked.
It was honestly a little bit scary, so I'll keep practing until I'm comfortable with emergency maneuvers before going faster than that.
Wow, just wow.
300ccs is PLENTY.
Here is my experience:

Bike 1: Rebel 250
I don’t see a need to go over 70 on a bike - too dangerous!
1 week later..
Okay I want a bigger bike but not a sport bike it’s too fast.
Something leisurely.
Bike 2: CTX 700

Oh man this bike can do 90!
Ok I’ll never need to go faster than that.
2 weeks later..

All right this is too windy and doesn’t go long distances.
Bike 3: ST1100

This is a couch that cruises at 110 all day.
Too heavy, though.
Bikes 4 and 5: Honda VFR800 and 750

Perfect.
Want something a bit more sporty though.
Bike 6: RC51

1000cc V-Twin Superbike.
Too specialized.
Now I need two bikes.
At least one other sport - don’t want to scruff up the RC!
And a touring bike.... maybe I’ll get a cruiser too!
Wait, how much garage space do I have?
Maybe I should start buying fixer uppers...
Please help me.
I love RC51s.
I had a VTR1000 for a while.
Also an ST1100 for a time.
Wonderful bike.
I recently paired down and went to an FJR1300.
Best of both worlds.
You are right you need two bikes, a nice comfortable cruiser you can go long distance on, and a sport bike for when you need the speed and corners!
Debating selling my st1100.
Kind of a pigy compared to my speed triple, but damn she hauls on the freeway.
Can go forever and do if faster than you realize.
Like a sporty Cadillac.
I sold an RC51 once and that was the biggest mistake I ever made.
[Learned from my mistake and am never selling this one](https://i.imgur.com/TcdDn0c.jpg).
There's one here locally for sale that Nicky Hayden rode, and he signed the gas tank.
I have a hard enough time riding the one I have much less one that’s signed.
Where’s the fun in that?
And this is why the motorcycle industry stays alive!
Stepping stones.
Now if only we could get the dealerships to stop ruining it!
Yeah, I understand that.
I work for one.
There are a lot of things I see as total Fucking garbage completely straying from the motorcycle community.
And it bums me out.
But, I also see people going out of there way to get new riders stoked and help them along the way.
Sadly it’s about 70% wack and 30% supporting.
Fact is dealerships exist for people who can’t afford full price.
The problem is they’re greedy - nowadays when I walk in with cash in hand for a bike they STILL don’t budge.
Like - really?
I just buy used now... I’ll enjoy my motorcycles like I enjoy my TV - get all the same enjoyment in a better fashion by waiting a couple years.
Ahhh yes the vfr

God I love me my vfr.
Fantastic bike, Honda hit it out of the park.
I have an ST1100 And a street triple in my garage.
Bought the ST just for a cross country trip but now I'm keeping it until it stops running.
120,000 miles on the clock and I can still keep up (mostly) in the corners chasing my friend on his FZ8.
Awesomely fast couch.
Well, I’ve been riding for about 6 years and I’m on bike.... 8 or 9?
Fixer uppers are the way to go, there’s always something to do, and finally finishing feels so great.
I’m about finished fixing up my ‘84 Sabre, rebuilt the whole front end, the front suspension, retrofitted new rear suspension, fixed and cleaned and tuned the carbs, and most recently I put new stainless brake lines on the front, while fixing the headlight wiring and at the same time, put new (to me) oem handlebars on it.
Now it’s super comfortable and essentially set up for me to rip 200+ mile days through twisties without breaking a sweat.
Just wait till you try a dirt bike!
With new tires the thing falls over into the corners with zero effort and holds a perfect line.
tldr: Rebel 250 = gateway drug :)
Also just a great bike.
Had a **1985** that I thought broke once - turns out it was just out of gas.
Bulletproof.

Summary: 
I had a VTR1000 for a while.
Also just a great bike.
Now I need two bikes.
Also an ST1100 for a time.
Wait, how much garage space do I have?
I have an ST1100 And a street triple in my garage.
I recently paired down and went to an FJR1300.
Ok I’ll never need to go faster than that.
And it bums me out.
First time going into 3rd gear.
