Original Response: 
Man if Trudeau falls for that trap, that would really put the shit in the fan.
Full constitutional crisis.
The constitutional crisis is Ford using a rarely used last resort measure to bypass the courts and trample on the Charter Rights of millions of people so he can get his petty revenge on the city that rejected him and his idiot brother.
That's not what the notwithstanding clause was meant to be used for.
It's a gross abuse of power for petty, selfish reasons.
At that point it wont matter who started it.
You think provinces will take it well for Trudeau to supercede their legislative powers over the number of city councillors in Toronto?
Bite the pill and if people still arent happy in 4 years kick Ford out and re-increase the number of councillors.
I always find it weird when people use the phrase "constitutional crisis" to refer to politicians using powers explicitly granted to them in the constitution.
Is what Ford is doing now dickish?
Yup.
Would be be a Very Bad Idea for Trudeau to use disallowance here?
In my view, hell yes it would.
But neither is a constitutional crisis.
Sorry, don't mean to pick on you specifically.
It's just something that's been bugging me generally, that's all.
Consitutionnal crisis means that the constitution is put in question.
Which is what I think will happen is the power of disallowance is used over this.
Every province that has a bone to pick with the federal (i.e.
all of them) will raise hell over it.
None of them want Trudeau to start vetoing their law.
Minor nitpick: a constitutional crisis is actually a situation that the rules of a constitution can't handle.
Like, what happens in the US if the entire presidential line of succession keels over dead?
There's no way to resolve that within the rules of the system.
But yeah, I absolutely agree it would be a terrible, terrible idea.
Fair enough!
I think it's a bad move for Trudeau to act, just like I think it was bad for ford.
But shouldn't anyone who supported ford also support Trudeau for making the same move essentially?
[deleted]
Yeah, thats how I see it.
This has to stop at Ford, if it goes through Ford, thats on him.
Its not up to Trudeau to stoop to Fords level.
We just have to know the beast we are dealing with (Ford) and treat him accordingly going forward.
&gt; You think provinces will take it well for Trudeau to supercede their legislative powers over the number of city councillors in Toronto?
You think the people should just take a petty asshole superceding checks and balances on provincial governments so Dougie Boy can get his petty revenge?
 his voters support it.
His voters agree with the reduction measure.
He is doing what he was elected to do.
He was elected to meddle with Toronto's election in-progress?
To attack the courts?
To take away people's Charter Rights when he doesn't get his way?
Maybe I'm wrong.
If you could point me to where in his platform he said he would do these things, that would help.
Thanks.
Inefficiencies..
Technically anything can be an inefficiency.
Hell if he wanted he could cut education, transportation, medical and police funding under the vague guise of "inefficiencies"

But then again, 54% of eligible voters voted, so I guess Ontarians are more than pleased to have Ford do as he pleases with our constitution.
Hey hey!
That's "Dougie Fresh"
I think all sides are way too emotional about the number of councillors in Toronto.
Keep it provincial.
I don’t disagree with the first line.
This is definitely something his base supports though, regardless of the popular opinion on this sub.
Well not everyone.
Many people believe notwithstanding is not an emergency power and should be used regularly, while the vast majority agree that Disallowance is a last resort reserve power that should probably never be used again, like the Queen's broad theoretical authority to almost anything.
So there's definitely some who'd think Ford was within is rights and Trudeau would be abusing reserve powers and sparking a crisis.
So the people who didn't vote for him is all of a sudden second class citizens?
I suspect, in the case of the US at least, an emergency session of congress would vote and appoint a temporary leader to ensure things run as smoothly as possible while an emergency election is started.
Either way, would be fucking bizarro world level shit.
Of the 54% that voted, only 40% voted for OPC.
Rest voted for anyone else, so I mean, technically, under any system of proportional representation, we would have an NDP led Minority/Coalition with the Liberals I believe.
Same argument can be made about anything.
The people who didn’t vote for Trudeau are still be taxed for refugees they don’t support.
It’s sort of how the system works.
Can’t please everyone so you go with what the voters elected.
Maybe in a few years you can have Wynne back, if enough of you want her.
In-progress?
He gave them like 90 days notice.
How long is a city councilor election?
It would've been much worse if Ford had waited til after the election.
[removed]
[removed]
yeah, let's see what happens if the Governor General or Lieutenant Governor were to say "no" to something rather that rubber stamping it as the queen's proxy.
Yeah, THAT will be a constitutional crisis even though that what the GG or LG is supposed to do.
Why should the number of city council members be provincial?
Keep it municipal.
We're the ones paying their salaries.
He was elected as Premier of a province, not to meddle in a municipal election of only ONE city in the entire province.
He's stripping the power of the city, and cutting down council to remove those who opposed his attempts in said city council.
This is not becoming of a provincial Premier, the highest provincial political position.
It's inappropriate and a gross abuse of power to effectively strip citizens of their rights and freedoms.
The judge struck down his initial attempt, so he's using the nuclear option to get the result he wants.
He also mocked and essentially said that the judge / courts don't have any judicial power over him.
A very dangerous position to anoint yourself to.
Do you really think for a Premier of one of the largest provinces in the country, and arguably a key economic powerhouse for the entire country, it's appropriate to meddle in a *municipal* election of just *one* city?
He's crippling Toronto, and I dearly hope it doesn't fuck over the rest of the country because of his boorish and petulant behaviour.
There's plenty of things in the constitution that are not meant to be used anymore, like full royal power.
Disallowance is generally also seen as a 'reserve power' like that that shouldn't be used again unless a critical emergency arises.
It's legitimate to say that could spark a constitutional crisis, though that's not always a bad thing.
A crisis can lead to a better constitution sometimes, it's not as negative a term as it sounds.
Please remind me when doug ford said during the elections that he was going to use the NWS clause to supersede the judiciary.
Because that isnt something the people of ontario or the city of toronto elected him to do.
I'm a tax payer and I'm deeply angry that my tax dollars is being used to pay for stripping rights from my fellow Ontarian to fuel a vengeful law against the capital of my great province.
I’m not arguing the righteousness of the actions simply saying that his base supports it and makes him look shiner in their eyes.
I understand you are displeased with it, but you didn’t support him to begin with.
&gt; Man if Trudeau falls for that trap, that would really put the shit in the fan.
Full constitutional crisis.
(Preface: he already said he won't the other day.)
But why not, legally speaking?
If Ford (as a "democratically elected person" as many go on about) can use a somewhat obscure constitutional provision to trample on a lower level of government, why can't Trudeau (also a "democratically elected person") *also* use a a somewhat obscure constitutional provision to trample on a lower level of government?
The principle is the same: it's legal so it's allowed.
[Kinda already happened once before, the King-Byng affair.
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King%E2%80%93Byng_affair) A bit different since it was the dissolution of parliament requested by the PM, rather than refusal of assent on a law, but similar mechanics.
[Apparently, we've been through four "constitutional crises".
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Constitutional_crisis#Canada)
The entirety of congress would have to be dead as well, otherwise (assuming the congressional representatives are alive, but the president, VP, cabinet officials, speaker &amp; senator pro tempore are dead), the house could pick a speaker that presumably becomes president.
I assume that if literally the entire federal government got killed, the governors could appoint senators, one of whom becomes president.
And actually fully constitutional to dissolve Toronto's city council the day after the election and appoint dictator-mayor until such time as he calls a new election for 25 wards.
So why didn't Ford just wait?
Because he cares only about personal grudges and not what is the right thing to do.
But disallowance is a power Trudeau has, and wouldn't the people who say that Ford has a majority mandate to use every power at his disposal (including the notwithstanding clause) agree that Trudeau should act the same?
Oh, ok then.
I guess it's ok for the 'right reasons'.
What happens when those 'right reasons' become things you personally don't want to happen?
Will it only then be a constitutional problem?
I don't get this "it's ok because he's the bad guy" stuff, because this will blow up in everyones face once the government gets those new powers.
Fuck that.
He didn’t mention it once during the election, so bullshit.
And also it’s his job to represent everyone - not just his supporters, so also bullshit.
I think Ford using the nonwithstanding clause to ram through legislation that was never discussed on the campaign trail and which was found unconstitutional, while claiming he would do it again whenever he wants to would be a bit different than Trudeau using disallownace at the request of the currently legitimate and duly elected Toronto city council to stop the violation of peoples rights.
If Trudeau was clear he was only using disallowance to protect the rights of the citizens of Toronto/Ontario after they asked for it and specifically because the courts had ruled against Ford, it would be a very different situation.
Provinces that really have a bone to pick with Trudeau might put up a fuss, but Ford is blowing all precedent out of the water and saying he will use a rarely used constitutional power in a whole new way and as much as possible, while Trudeau would be laying out very specific limits to his usage, and provided other provinces weren't planning on passing charter violating legislation, using S33, and then having the stakeholders of that case petition the federal government, then well, they'd have nothing to worry about.
And I sincerely hope that most other provinces aren't currently planning to do that (and if they are, it's honestly all the more reason for the federal government to act).
In particular, he could claim that his usage of the disallowance power was specifically in relation to this unprecedented violation of peoples charter rights.
Nobody should want to see using S33 to bulldoze through the court system and violate peoples rights on such an insignificant thing as the number of Councillors become precedent and common, and again, Ford has signaled he will continue to use as needed if he faces resistance from the courts.
That's an absolutely terrible precedent to set, and not at all what S33 was originally designed for.
As you said, the provinces may be concerned by Trudeau superseding the legislative powers of provinces over the number of city Councillors in Toronto, but again, I believe Trudeau's actions could be very limited and clear, and all of us should not take it well for the premier of a province to supercede the charter rights of citizens over the number of city Councillors in Toronto.
People below have disagreed that there is the potential for a constitutional crisis, but I think it's no so much this particular act, but the change of convention in relation to S33 that is a danger constitutionally.
You could argue that at least in the short run, using disallowance would only inflame a constitutional crisis, but again, from the bigger picture I think an argument could be made that it would work towards resolving it by clarifying that the misuse of the nonwithstanding clause is not acceptable.
It should be used only in serious situations of great public interest when absolutely necessary, and a hell of a lot more thought and rationale should go into the violation of our basic rights than "it'd save a tiny fraction of the budget (maybe) and technically legally I can do it".
Would it be damaging for Trudeau to do it?
That I don't know.
I think phrased the way I put it (especially with Scheer's "well, you have the legal right to do it" support) it would turn out well for Trudeau if he won out, but it would of course be an enormous risk and I significant doubts the liberals would be interested in running that risk.
I don't see how anyone could disagree, but I'm not sure how Trudeau walks away from that as a winner.
you aint getting through.
If the voters dont like it, they can vote him out next election.
I suspect he will get reelected.
Also, in theory he was elected to take all voices into account, but in reality neither side does that.
But not being a supporter doesn't make me an enemy, I'm an Ontarian as much as you.
I was born here, work here, pay taxes here.
I'm just as much of a citizen of Ontario as you are, just because I didnt support Ford in the election doesn't mean my rights should be stripped to push his agenda.
The election started end of April.
People put their lives on hold to run and campaign.
Ford did the asinine change without notice in July.
Any scenario that wipes out the entire federal government probably involves apocalyptic levels of catastrophe.
In theory, you are right.
In practice, I wouldn't lay odds on most state governments being in much better shape than the feds due to whatever disaster hit.
I’m not even from Ontario.
I live in BC.
We share Danish blood though.
Reducing to 25 wards wasn't in his platform.
Legally speaking, the Queen can veto bills.
You don't think people would get pissed off about that?
Given that 9 people didn't bother to show up and his brother was on coke benders during his office, I can kinda see Ford's reasoning behind killing some of the seats.
Besides the judge was obviously fillibustering Ford and Ford called their bluff with his best option.
If you abuse the courts to delay a time sensitive bill of course they're going to use the clause designed to counter abuse of court.
Elections aren’t winner take all events.
Really sad there are voters out there this ignorant about how democracy works.
In my opinion, youre ignorant about how democracy actually works, but instead rely on a theoretical, idealstic definition of democracy that has never existed.
Not at all.
Not even a little bit.
A good example is the judge ruling that ford’s changing the Ward boundaries after an election started has infringed on people’s rights.
The dolts screaming and crying that it’s unfair a judge would dare yadda yadda have no idea that that’s how it’s supposed to work.
We don’t elect four-year dictators.

Summary: 
He is doing what he was elected to do.
Would it be damaging for Trudeau to do it?
Yeah, thats how I see it.
Which is what I think will happen is the power of disallowance is used over this.
But neither is a constitutional crisis.
Its not up to Trudeau to stoop to Fords level.
I guess it's ok for the 'right reasons'.
I suspect he will get reelected.
Would be be a Very Bad Idea for Trudeau to use disallowance here?
In theory, you are right.
You don't think people would get pissed off about that?
That's not what the notwithstanding clause was meant to be used for.
Is what Ford is doing now dickish?
Will it only then be a constitutional problem?
So why didn't Ford just wait?
He was elected to meddle with Toronto's election in-progress?
I was born here, work here, pay taxes here.
I think all sides are way too emotional about the number of councillors in Toronto.
He didn’t mention it once during the election, so bullshit.
If the voters dont like it, they can vote him out next election.
Because that isnt something the people of ontario or the city of toronto elected him to do.
How long is a city councilor election?
The election started end of April.
You think provinces will take it well for Trudeau to supercede their legislative powers over the number of city councillors in Toronto?
