Original Response: 
Proof: https://twitter.com/breteastonellis/status/1039544543253651457

Hey r/IAMA, this is Bret’s Assistant.
Looks like I made an error with the schedule by posting 11 AM Eastern, when I meant 11 AM Pacific.
In any case, Bret will be here at 11 AM PST to answer your questions about his new podcast on Patreon, his upcoming book, or anything that you want to talk about.
The link to the new podcast is www.patreon.com/breteastonellispodcast

Thanks!
UPDATE: I'm Bret Easton Ellis and I'm here to answer all of your questions as well as talk about the new version of The Bret Easton Ellis Podcast on Patreon.
Your Empire / Post-Empire worldview assessment of everything - are we down for a Post-Post-Empire view anytime soon?
Since everything seems Post-Empire now.
Everything is corporate now.
Post-empire exists (certainly it's happening in right now politics) but it feels like we're moving into a stifling corporate culture that is battling against the transparency of post-Empire expression and values.
Is there any difference between that and Pre-Modern/Modern/Post-Modern?
I have read/heard talks about how its just the second gilded age.
Nuveau-Empire.
The architecture sucks now for most part...
A resurgence of monarchism is happening at the moment.
I feel we may see the age of dictators and monarchs again.
I love this idea identifying corporate homogeneity as infecting the culture.
I love it because it spans the political spectrum and so people an out from engaging in polarising arguments.
Does it include pieces on the feedback process that drives conformity and how in social media this aggressive corporate conformity has another mechanism through which to fall in on itself, enforcing structure on  wider audience, with more feedback.
But whatever it is I’m sure it’s genius and can’t wait to read it.
How do you see society reacting to the corporate influence now, over the next 20 years?
Royalists vs Jacobians?
Point me at these talks please?
I’ve been really interested in the French Revolution and I feel like society is very similar today in a lot of ways.
If i'm not mistake they're talking about Empire /the post (ad nauseum) Empire framed by Antonio Negri and Michael Hardt.
At least that's my assumption.
It's a reconceptiolization (sic?)
of empire or the power structure of empires through the modern globalist economic structure.
But that vague statement is clearly the tip of a very large iceberg, seeing as the book itself is several hundred pages long and there's countless of writing, both creative and academic, which has been done on the matter.
if you google 'second guilded age' you will get a lot of hits but the lectures I went to were part of cambridge uni talks - informal talks to bounce ideas around.
Very eye opening.
especially the wealth difference.

Summary: 
Point me at these talks please?
I have read/heard talks about how its just the second gilded age.
Since everything seems Post-Empire now.
I feel we may see the age of dictators and monarchs again.
