Original Response: 
Stuff on your bucket list, things you never knew you'd miss etc.
My son 2.5 years old now.
2nd one coming soon.I don't feel that I can't do anything now that I could do before.
If I want to travel with my wife I can just ask my mom to help take care of the kid for a week or 2.
For new parents (the trend I see among my friends) they lose their identity the moment they get their first child.
They become just another parent who spends all their time on their kids, and flood photos of their kids on Instagram.
I don't think this is healthy.
It is still important to allocate some time for yourself to do hobbies you like.
Some parents feel guilty for doing this, which shouldn't be the case at all.
A happy parent raises happy kids.
Like they say in airplane safety videos, "put on your own oxygen mask before assisting others."
The one thing I really miss is having zero interruptions during all my free time, to play games, watch movies etc.
Now I have to plan my time carefully to get these few hours of "me time" here and there.
Still doable but takes effort.
Any tips on how you manage to not feel guilty?
I'm just extremely selfish and like to take care of myself.
If not I become very irritable and not fun to be around with.
To make everyone's life better I take care of myself and keep myself happy.
When I'm happy every interaction with my family is better.
But maybe you can imagine yourself as your good friend.
If your friend is already putting so much effort into their kids, won't you ask them to take a break more often for their own good?
Feeling guilty about treatment of your kids (and about other things in life too, really) is something that is deeply rooted in our upbringing and childhood.
It's unlikely to be something one can rationalize away easily.
However it's also very common.
Typically, you need to first examine and identify the source of that guilt you feel as well as related self beliefs, then take steps to convince yourself and rewire your emotional cues.
Therapy and similar services can help as can some books (pm if interested)
Totally agree with you.
It's harder for your parents to handke 2 kids without you guys though so good luck with that!
&gt;The one thing I really miss is having zero interruptions during all my free time, to play games, watch movies etc.
Now I have to plan my time carefully to get these few hours of "me time" here and there.
Still doable but takes effort.
Not even when they are asleep?
That falls under "here and there" to me, haha.
I have hired a helper at home to help with laundry and my son when we are not at home, so it's much easier for us.I've been trying to get my kid to sleep earlier for many months now but he still sleeps late.
haha, you will get back that free time when they are teens.
Then you'll be wondering.."when are they coming home?"
- mom to 2 teens, 14 and 16.
I'm 30 and my mum still wonders.
Looking forward to kids growing up but at the same time feel a bit sad thinking about it 😢.
Haha, we try to corral the kids off to bed at 8.30+ so we get enough time to ourselves.
They can choose not to sleep but they are stuck in the room anyway.
You are lucky, have your mum to help and helper too.
I have observed that most of the parents in the "lose your identity" group don't do it by choice.
Most of them are handling the baby on their own at home, can't afford helper, parents too old / too young (not retired) / not willing / overseas etc.
So no choice, daytime IFC/CC, night and weekend fully occupied by baby, just try to make it better with little things like Instagram.
I really need a helper though because I only have my mother (single parent) who is still working, and my wife's parents are overseas.
Wife also working.
But you are right, I am lucky compared to a lot of others.
[deleted]
Nothing wrong with helper.
Yah I know a lot of people like you, no one available and then cant afford helper.
Honestly I'm a very self-centred and individualistic person.
I need my own time and my own space.
Even with my gf now, I'm not the kind that wants to meet more than once or twice a week.
I really hate the idea of being consumed by parenthood and having kids be the only thing in my life.
&gt;The one thing I really miss is having zero interruptions during all my free time, to play games, watch movies etc.
I love my uninterrupted RPG sessions :( guess I need to get my fill of that.
Same here...
I'm just deathly afraid of losing those precious hours of my own time, especially if I end up realising I don't particularly like parenting.
[deleted]
Any game that can't be paused is really hard to get into for me now... No more mmos 😢.
It's all abt planning ahead.
I was thinking without in laws help in taking of my 7 month old daughter, I won't be thinking of having kids.
And not forgetting the amount of cost ahead is scary enough.
But then I won't have the experience of seeing a mini me getting amused on a Pickaboo dad lol.

Summary: 
I need my own time and my own space.
I don't think this is healthy.
Still doable but takes effort.
Now I have to plan my time carefully to get these few hours of "me time" here and there.
haha, you will get back that free time when they are teens.
I'm just extremely selfish and like to take care of myself.
A happy parent raises happy kids.
It is still important to allocate some time for yourself to do hobbies you like.
I have observed that most of the parents in the "lose your identity" group don't do it by choice.
