Original Response: 
Hey guys, Walter here with a PSA about everyone's least favorite pod system.
I, like many other was given the *privilege* of receiving a free Panda for test, and for us to review if we saw fit.
The first one I received was just a collosal POS.
It had no flavor, pods flew out every time you went to check your juice level, and just in general poor quality.
Upon further investigation I had seen that if you had problems that they'd send a new one.
Being the cheap bastard that I am I took them up on it as I liked the battery life, form factor, and juice capacity.
After being given about two weeks of runaround I finally got my second panda shipped to me.
It had fixed the pod flying issue, and the flavor was significantly better!
I decided that even with a half charge I'd be fine for the day so I didn't even bother to charge it.
Worked like a dream at work with much improved flavor so I thought I'd come out with a winner.
I got home and plugged it into a 1A Samsung charger that came with my tablet and started screwing around on my PlayStation.
About 2 minutes later I hear it start making noise and warming up on my leg.
*I know I know* you should **ALWAYS** charge on a non flammable surface and keep an eye on it.
Anyway, after unplugging it and getting ready to move it I had the distinct pleasure of having scalding hot juice spill on my pants.
Once it had cooled down enough to touch I opened it up to see [this](http://imgur.com/a/8ZLQI5x).
The damn thing had completely melted it's own chimney the first time I tried to charge it.
Anyway, I'm sure I'm not the only person who had this problem, but since I haven't seen anything on it here I figured I'd share.
0/10 BEWARE AVAOID

EDIT: I forgot to mention that it would fire while off if you pushed the button, and would continue to fire after you let go of the button.
Only while the mod was "off" though.
Jeebus,  i remember you reporting this on another thread,  and have been eyeing mine nervously since then.
I like Voopoo,  but i think even they know they have a problem on their hands here in this design,  which is unfortunate.
Appreciate you reporting and posting this.
They really should pull it, surely the battery would have vented if I wasn't there to unplug/turn it off.
It sounds like it,  and i don't think you are the only person to experience that on here,  could be wrong...   but that's a problem, and i know you are no idiot playing fast and loose with it.....  apparently some of them are outright dangerous.
Yeah, I loved my drag and had no problem vaping it forward with confidence, but this entire Panda debacle between getting it in the first place and then this.
I'll be avoiding them in the near future.
yeah,  companies screw once in awhile,  and hell smoant was once clouper etc.
and i tend to view devices on a one to one level,  (or try to)....   so i'm willing to give them a pass on this,  except for the fact that they are DAMN dangerous i guess,  and glad you posted your PSA...
Clouper was before my time.
I came in the middle of the Battlestar circlejerk.
hey,  the battlestar was/is a hit,  might have become a bit of a circle jerk in light of the mods that were running rampant at the time like the Alien and Predator and whatnot,  but for it's price,  and the fact that it did competent tc,  didn't fail much,  i still think it's a desert island mod in that is just a little bad ass.
do i use it much anymore?
no.
am i getting rid of it?
no.
Mine looks like hell, but isn't going anywhere.
It was my first informed purchase.
yeah,  i think mine might have some 510 threading issues at this point (will have too look again),  but yeah,  it's a fine mod... certainly don't regret getting it...
My Charon has been going strong since launch with zero marks on the body, no battery door play etc.
Smoant generally make solid AF kit.
Yeah I'm glad they got their shit together and rebranded.
After my experience with cloupor I would never buy a device with that name on it again.
&gt;and hell smoant was once clouper

TIL.
smoant is a well priced and well performing brand.
Yeah they do,  once in awhile they have an issue here to there,  but they are good at taking care of customers in general.
rebranding has really worked for them right?

Summary: 
Clouper was before my time.
I came in the middle of the Battlestar circlejerk.
am i getting rid of it?
The first one I received was just a collosal POS.
It was my first informed purchase.
&gt;and hell smoant was once clouper

TIL.
