Original Response: 
I live in Sweden and can say this about the country with the second highest suicide rate in single households in the WORLD .
Its a country with 4-6 months in darkness , rain and snow, and now also populated with over 300 000 young men from afghanistan and Syria, Iran.
Young men in their 20s acting like 15-16 year old boys so they can get citizenship and economical benefits of being a swedish citizen.
And I type this with my origin being a turkish male from Stockholm , born and raised here with roots going back to 60s ( when the first labor migration came from Italy, Greece, Jugoslavia , Turkey and some south americans fleeing Pinochets regime.
I can type so much shit but just going to keep it short.
1.
A fake democracy like the entire west world.
2.
An social experiment for the nwo to play on a small population around 10 million.
3.
Economy is going to get worse.
4.
Puppets and corruption everywhere you go, corporate oligarch families that run from the shadows .
5.
The biggest of em all " culturemarxism" and all it offers , leading slowly to the decline of the native swedish population in favour of other ethnical minority groups ( divide and rule )
Sad report friend.... Keep fighting the take over.
So your families immigration was ok, but others are not?
You should practice what you preach and move your self back to Turkey.
[deleted]
Din mamma!
Well I consider myself an lawful swedish citizen, I pay taxes and my family has an succesfull resturant so we have long since paid our debts to this country, but I see your point.
The thing is our turkish community rarely mixbreed so that is my answer haha.
:)
tja tuffing , något mer du vill ha sagt :)
There is a huge difference in the attitude and intent of different immigrant groups.
The immigrants of the 60:s - 90:s mostly sought to assimilate and became well-functioning parts of society, adapted to swedish culture and joined the workforce.
A huge part of the current wave of immigrants don't want to assimilate or adopt Swedish values, or even work to earn their place here.
This guy is obviously a real swede because regardless of where he came from it's clear that he wants to be a part of Sweden and, most importantly, he wishes well for the country instead of just wanting welfare and to fuck our country in general.
So you are saying you aren't shitting in the streets?
[Sweden’s Economy Is Getting a Lift From Migrants](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-08-21/sweden-s-economy-is-getting-a-lift-from-migrants)

There is a reason why people like OP only post stories where you can't even get the name of the person involved.
People like OP and the person I replied to are only interested in spreading fear.
That kind of economic analysis has been debunked over and over because it doesn't differentiate between labor immigration and welfare immigration, and also fails to account for a lot of the costs associated with immigration in other areas of society.
There are lots of famous examples where an initially optimistic prognisis of immigration turned out to be completely wrong, and in reality it turned out to be the start of a massive downtrend.
Edit: yes, as I expected the analysis is completely inaccurate.
They are measuring growth in terms of GDP and not GDP per capita.
A growth in GDP is expected with massive population growth.
What they fail to account for is that compared to how many people we are GDP is actually lower now than before.
It also speaks of the labor force participation rate, but this metric is also extremely inaccurate because in Sweden you count as participating in the labor force even if you are *looking for a job while living on welfare*.
There are tons of tricks like this that are used to inflate statistics about Swedish economy to improve perception.
The time it takes for immigrants to join the workforce is also wrong, because the average time for this to happen only currently applies to about half of immigrants.
The other half cannot be included in the statistics because *they never join the workforce at all*, and you cannot include infinity in a calculation of averages.
Do you know what ”labor migration” means?
No?

Summary: 
Economy is going to get worse.
So your families immigration was ok, but others are not?
I can type so much shit but just going to keep it short.
A growth in GDP is expected with massive population growth.
Edit: yes, as I expected the analysis is completely inaccurate.
There is a huge difference in the attitude and intent of different immigrant groups.
