Original Response: 
[removed]
well, you have to say what it is.
on here.
She wants us to cut our hands open and put blood into a glass and then taste it.
I know how fucking stupid that sounds.
One half of me is telling me this girl is crazy, but the other half of me is saying it's harmless.
I said she was a little out there.
She's into this whole occultist type of stuff.
It's a good way to catch (however unlikely) a bloodborne disease.
Be safe.
Don’t do it.
It sounds crazy and like it’ll be the tip of the iceberg.
That's a good point.
I forgot that blood can carry disease.
...ah yes.
Nothing like a hot goth girl.
Don't do it.
If nothing else, as someone who's cut, burnt, etc her hands doing hobbies and work (and cooking--so many cooking burns!
), a hand wound is SO ANNOYING.
Ever tried to shampoo your hair one-handed?
NOT EASY.
She's into this really occultist and satanic stuff.
I don't believe in that type of stuff.
The day I see the devil is the day I'll believe he and god are real.
She said it's a blood pact she found in one of her weird books.
I actually am coming around to how stupid that would be because I'm pretty sure I can get aids or something doing this.
I forgot disease was a thing.
Have you both been tested recently?
What were you tested for?
Did you engage in any behaviors (sexual, self-harming, substance-based, etc.)
immediately before or after getting tested that wouldn’t have been caught by testing?
If so, what was the level of protection used?
Do you know much about self-harm and how to do this in a way that avoids any problems, infections, etc.?
What happens if it scars (are you ready to explain that for the rest of your life or be judged based on a scar)?
What are you prepared to tell others about the cut on your hand if visible?
Do you know for sure it won’t hurt or won’t impact other parts of your life?
I’m asking these questions to point out that doing this (even if you wanted to) isn’t exactly harmless.
There are risks.
There are always risks.
In this case health risks are a factor.
If you are into it enough that the risk is worth it, then take precautions and go for it, but it doesn’t sound like you are.
Then add in the other risks.
If this comes to light will you be blamed in any way?
Face other judgement, consequences, stigma, etc.?
Comes to light can entail a lot of things, but all it takes is her telling one friend, a therapist, a counselor, her parents seeing a scar, a future partner, etc.
for you to be viewed differently, have to do a lot of explaining or face other consequences (her parents aren’t going to love you if they hear about this, for example, and that can have reprecussions on your relationship).
Hell, if you start dating someone else and she tells that new partner about this do you feel comfortable explaining what happened and why?
Do you want this coming up if she ever accuses you of harming her?
There is implied instability that goes with this.
It’s indicative of other potential problems in this relationship.
So I would expect this to be the start of other problems, not the end.
Especially since she knows you aren’t into it and still is trying to talk you into it.
That says a lot about how much she cares for you and prioritizes your own needs.
If she likes you too and has the maturity to carry on any sort of friendship or romantic or sexual relationship with you she should be fine with you saying no to this and respect that boundary.
OP please tell someone at school about this.
This is really serious.
OP tell an adult at school about this, and make sure they know youre serious.
None of this sounds good, healthy, or sane.
She needs serious mental help ASAP.
[removed]
It all seems silly to an outsider, but if she is taking it seriously, it could get really dark really quick: when I was about your age, a guy I knew found a “Book of Spells” (I never saw it, cant give much more detail than what he called it) and became interested in occult/Satanic stuff.
We thought it was weird but didn’t think much of it.
A couple months later, he was arrested for killing an old woman in the neighbourhood.
He was caught when he returned to her house afterwards to cut her hands off, because he needed them for a spell.
I’m not saying every person who gets into occult stuff will do this, or even the majority.
But I’d still be wary of anyone who wants to play with blood and “magic”.
Never forget that again.
it could cost you your life man.

Summary: 
I said she was a little out there.
What were you tested for?
I forgot disease was a thing.
I know how fucking stupid that sounds.
I forgot that blood can carry disease.
I don't believe in that type of stuff.
well, you have to say what it is.
She's into this really occultist and satanic stuff.
If this comes to light will you be blamed in any way?
She's into this whole occultist type of stuff.
