Original Response: 
I'm in a relationship with my girlfriend for 3 months now and it's amazing, and we do have amazing sex.
She was my first and I her first sexual experience...
I'm always the dominant person and I don't have any problems with that.
My problem is, that if she is done earlier than I am, and she wants to make me finish with head or hand, my boner just goes away in seconds.
We've talked very open about it and she knows it's not her fault, it's me being afraid of failing or just insecurity about keeping it hard, I have a very hard time giving in to my sexual drive if I'm not dominant...

Appearently this is some sort of performance anxiety


Do you have any Tipps?
How do you keep a clean head?
You can still orgasm if you're not completely erect.
Let her finish you off even if it's on the limp side.
It happens.
Btw an orgasm when you're not fully hard feels amazing.
Or you take control and finish yourself while you kiss and snuggle her.
I think I can't come with a limp one, I'm not circumcised and it's super uncomfortable and hurts if she continues with a limp one.
Maybe me finishing myself is something I could try, but I kinda don't want to tbh...
Thanks for the advice tho.
No problem.
I just know I've done this a few times and if you use enough lube or if she's giving you head it shouldn't be uncomfortable.
The biggest thing is to remain intimate with her while you're having happy time.
Yeah last time I got too frustrated, and I just layed down and was depressed...
I'll try to not give it any power and continue next time...
Just relax and enjoy.
She'll feel much better and so will you.
It's really hard to, I tried so hard to do it but the thought of "don't fail this time" is killing me... What do you guys focus on if these thoughts come to mind...
Personally I just try and focus on the fact that I have a beautiful woman playing with my junk and how much I enjoy a beautiful woman playing with my junk.
It works wonders.
Just stop focusing on negative things and think about how hot she is and why you wanted to see her naked the first time you met...
I'll try focusing less on myself next time...
Thanks dude... She definitely is a beautiful woman :')
You'll be fine.
Just give it a try.

Summary: 
Just give it a try.
I'll try focusing less on myself next time...
I'll try to not give it any power and continue next time...
I'm always the dominant person and I don't have any problems with that.
