Original Response: 
[removed]
I would actually advise you to tell her over text message.
That way, she’ll have the time and ability to process this alone, and see how she feels about it.
[deleted]
This is not a good way of wording this.
I was considering doing it through text but I feel like it may not come across the way I want it to if I was to say it in person.
I also thought it may come across as unthoughtful if I was to just send a text and act like it isn't a big deal.
This is not a helpful comment.
&amp;#x200B;

You're sowing doubt without providing any context as to what you disagree with, why you disagree with it, or how it could be better.
Whatever social cues you're picking up on may not be obvious to everyone.
This is a forum for asking for relationship advice, and I think that we owe it to people to respect that not everyone has the same understanding of what is and is not acceptable in relationships.
We should help each other grow instead of just putting them down when we don't agree.
Could you bother to explain why?
Maybe explain why not?
Text her "I really want to tell you what has been up with me not responding to your advances, you are the first person I even feel comfortable trusting with this,  but I'm having a hard time finding the words.
I don't want to be unthoughtful, but would it be a good idea to just write it out in a text so you have some time to read and process it, and then we can get together and talk it through?"
As a follow-up: "I'm just going to come out and say it: I'm trans.
I used to be a woman but I have had x and y surgery and now I am a man.
I realise this isn't easy to process so I will give you all the time you need, and will answer the questions you have.
I would understand it if this was a dealbreaker for you, but I want you to know I like you very much and hope we can continue seeing each other."
Chances are, she suspects.
It's one thing to stealthily pass in day to day life, but this chick has seen you almost naked so she probably has at least thought about it.
I doubt it will come as 100% of a surprise so relax a little.
Just address the elephant in the room and see where it goes.
just an FYI, and u/hertipo can correct me if i’m wrong, but from my experience i think the way to describe it is not “i was a woman”, since in terms of gender, trans people have always “been” their trans gender, but had the wrong body parts.
OP probably do not need to spell out what trans means in as much detail.
That aside, i think your texts are thoughtful, and texting is also a good idea for the safety of OP.
I agree with the nuance, just thought it would be a bit clearer for the recipient.
I think they are just saying that texting her will give her more time to process and really think about her response, rather than telling her in person and (possibly) surprising her.
Thank you.
This has been one of the few helpful responses.
I doubt I'll send a text but will do it in person, however I will definitely be using some of what you've said to try explain it.
Thank you.
Whatever you feel best about, OP.
Best of luck!
I think most people equate sex to gender and in that way, "my sex used to be female" == "I used to be a woman", that was more or less my reasoning.
I don't think I would want to find out via text, but that's just personal to me.
Perhaps you could tell her in person and either let her immediately ask questions or give her space immediately and not have to respond, just take time away to process on her own if she wants to.

Please do this in person, so much is lost in a text message.
Any important/heart felt matters deserve a face to face conversation.
I wish you happiness and courage!
I'll mention this when I speak to her, that I'm happy to answer anything or just let her think for a while.
Thanks.
I agree; I think this is the most common form of explanation I have seen, since most people, (myself included) have a lifetime of social programming that is binary in nature.
The nuance is not lost on me, and I understand from basically everyone I've met or read about and my own beliefs, that people are born who they are, whether or not you can see that if you are not them, that it isn't a choice who they self-identify as, and it is really a matter of whether or not they feel comfortable *in their own skin* if they choose to opt into treatment or surgery - But my default perception, I am sad but not ashamed to admit, is binary.
just posting to second Lydocia's response.
I think a text is a good idea if you explain within the text that you're doing that to give her space to think and process.
probably better for you too... unfortunately, her first emotional response might not be pleasant (at best).
I agree in most cases, but trans people coming out is an entirely different issue.
Trans people in OP's situation, convinced their dates were decent people, have been violently assaulted in the privacy of their own home coming out.
I'm not saying it's the norm, but it is a concern and a possibility.
Additionally, it might just be a lot easier for some people to get this out through text.
I think text is ok!
I would try:

“Hey ____, I just wanted to let you know an important part of myself before we get closer, cuz things have been going great and I really like you.
I’m transgender.
I don’t know if you caught on, because of the scars on my chest, but I’ve had surgery there, but not on my junk.
I really wanted to go farther with you the other day, but I wanted to be up front with you first so there were no surprises.
I understand if this takes some thinking, I hope to hear back from you soon.”


Obviously you don’t have to say that exactly,  but if I were trans, I think that’s what I’d say.
Which is only fair and normal.
You will generally assume someone is straight unless context dictates otherwise.
It's not discriminatory, just a numbers game.
How you react when you get the news that someone is in fact trans or gay, is what defines you.
This is understandable, I wasn’t aware of such matters.
In the end it’s up to OP, maybe somewhere semi private but public enough to be helped if need be?
[deleted]
You're right about the advantages of in person.
The biggest drawback is that you will see her initial reaction, and it might not be pretty.
She'd be well within her rights to take your revelation as "I've been lying to you all along," especially if she doesn't suspect already.
And depending on her personality, a revelation like that could lead to her saying exactly what she feels in the heat of her anger.
And if that's how she reacts , it's going to hurt you, even if she changes her mind on further thought.
I'm intending this more as a warning that things might go very badly than advice to not do it in person.
I think your choice to tell her now is both brave and necessary for this relationship to have any chance.
Good luck.
Maybe OP can phrase it more like “I was born physically female but I’ve transitioned to male, to match my gender”.
But then even that might be too much for someone who knows little about trans people...
I agree though, saying “I was a woman and am now a man” isn’t really accurate and may create (false) lasting impressions.
i agree!
i also wanna reemphasize that u/lydocia‘s texts are otherwise pretty awesome, and a great starting point for OP.
:)
I would say do it over the phone or on text.
It would be safer for you, and she would have room to process without having to respond in the moment to you.
Imo there's no right or wrong way to do this: just advantages and disadvantages to each.
Texts have the advantage of distancing yourself from the situation, but are also a hard medium to convey tone and intention and will leave you waiting, likely anxiously, for information on her reaction for a while.
It also means she'll have written confirmation that you're trans.
A letter has similar advantages and disadvantages to texts lends a lot more weight to the situation—but is also suuuuuper dramatic, so I'd probably nix this one if I were you.
An in person conversation gives you the most information in the moment and is likely to be generally tonally appropriate, but then you're vulnerable in the moment to her immediate reaction and emotions.
A phone call adds distance but takes away facial expressions, and you can't control who is on the other end of the line.
I'd lean towards in-person if I felt safe about it, but I'm not you.
Do any of these methods stand out as the way that feels right?
Whatever you choose, I hope she can meet you with compassion, respect, understanding and love.

Summary: 
I think text is ok!
I would say do it over the phone or on text.
I wish you happiness and courage!
You're right about the advantages of in person.
I would actually advise you to tell her over text message.
Whatever you feel best about, OP.
I don't think I would want to find out via text, but that's just personal to me.
This is understandable, I wasn’t aware of such matters.
This is not a good way of wording this.
I used to be a woman but I have had x and y surgery and now I am a man.

Please do this in person, so much is lost in a text message.
This has been one of the few helpful responses.
Additionally, it might just be a lot easier for some people to get this out through text.
