Original Response: 
[deleted]
[removed]
Thank you.
I think I posted here because I need people to share my outrage.
I’m not sure really.
I’m just trying to be supportive and not overbearing.
My husbands plan is to video everything at the game tonight.
Especially the behavior of adults.
And go from there.
Maybe it’s just all talk, but it has niece scared.
This!
Don't let these fuckers get away with this.
People need to learn this shit isn't okay.
OP please do not consider doxxing, it's illegal in some countries and won't help your case.
I'm sorry for what your niece is going through xx.
I don’t really love the idea of harassing someone right back.
We don’t have plans beyond Keep niece safe and have video evidence of anyone doing anything wrong.
So far so good.
Football star’s family has kept quiet during half time.
They’re going to get her out of there as soon as the game is over.
Hopefully without incident.
Make sure he gets clear audio and video of everyone involved.
They need to be fully identifiable by video to prevent them from trying to claim defamation.
Absolutely consult with a trial lawyer before posting the video and check the state recording laws.
IANAL.
Already checked the states recording laws.
Good to go.
I’m not sure if we will even post anything.
So far the video camera seems to be deterring any poor behavior.
One more quarter of football to go.
[removed]
Please make sure that you're in a state that allows filming another person without their consent.
It’s a public space so almost all states allow it.
But this state also allows audio.
We are good.
May I suggest the purchase of noise-cancelling headphones for when someone guides her out safely of places where she may hear threats or name-calling?
Of course don't walk around alone with those things on, but wearing them when the possibility is high she might hear something she'll never forget might be super helpful.
I wish something like that for one of my friends when I was in high school years ago.
Love to your family and your niece.
I'm so happy she's got an amazing family to surround her and lift her up.
I'd be nice if someone, maybe a friend, who isn't obviously associated with niece continues to record after she leaves to see if they change their behavior.
Idk, I'm just hoping for any form of justice for this poor girl.
[removed]
[removed]
To be honest, coming from a small town that's pride and joy is football this wouldn't surprise me.
Regardless if anyone knew the victim or the abuser, people will get upset that the star player is gone and blame the victim.
Couple that with the abuser being popular and the result is larger harassment of the victim.
That's only if you are in a space with a reasonable expectation of privacy.
At public events, you can be filmed without the express permission of all parties.
That's why paparazzi photos are legal.
[deleted]

Summary: 
Love to your family and your niece.
One more quarter of football to go.
I'm sorry for what your niece is going through xx.
I’m not sure if we will even post anything.
Already checked the states recording laws.
They’re going to get her out of there as soon as the game is over.
But this state also allows audio.
