Original Response: 
Does this mean that we get our suburbs back from the 24/7 construction of town houses and apartment blocks?
I know in my area the last 5 or 6 years has been non-stop tradie heaven.
Fun fact: There are more cranes on Australian east coast than in North America!
... That's the entire USA and Canada.
Think New York, Boston, Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Toronto and up to Calgary.
[http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-10-21/real-estate-warning-more-cranes-in-australia-than-us/7954108](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-10-21/real-estate-warning-more-cranes-in-australia-than-us/7954108)
I’m sure the quality is top notch and above and beyond the shitty building standards we have in the country/s.
Depends on what it gets replaced with, gonna be a lot of those said tradies without jobs soon ( lots of drunked up men with time on there hands, sounds like fun ) , so those used to be quiet neighbours are now those people who have the cops there every few days and big fights in the street.
Was going that has to be bullshit,  but nope seem a pretty consistant determination from the figures I have found.
this is where some new some large infrastructure projects need to begin to keep the locals busy whilst all those on temporary working visas go home, guessing we will be stupid enough to bid for the 2032 Olympics or the 2030 world cup... those could feel some gaps.
Invade Iraq?
sadly Iraq doesn't have any useful racecourses like coal, though I've heard there internet sucks, maybe we can go take that.
I’m sure Iraq has many useful racecourses, I’m pretty sure they like horses over there.
Wait.
What the fuck?
Tradie loses his job immediately becomes a drunk trouble causing person?
hahahah, fuck me, my bad, been up since 4... but lets leave it.
This is what a bubble looks like.
Probably not.
Buying houses and then simply selling it is a losing proposition.
The sell price of the previous few years all but priced in the knock down and rebuild.
Now going down that path is the only way these developers might come out intact.
We have pretty shitty standards for most things.
Except beer?
Big TVs to watch sport?
Just blow up some of our own bridges.
You probably need less cranes when you can only build 6-8 months a year.
Construction is basically a seasonal business in Toronto and US East coast cities.
Not to take away from your point though, I'm sure we still have a shitload of cranes.
[deleted]
TIL that all tradies are drunks.
Wouldn't you need more cranes to smash out all the crane work in half the time?
Though I'm sure it doesn't change the conclusion, their crane count is only in 2 of the 20+ countries that comprise North America.
No.
Cranes required minimum safety distances from each other and other structures.
Who mentioned losing their job!
/jk.
Not all drunks are tradies but all tradies are drunks.
I don't understand this sub sometimes.
Generalise that out of work tradies / men immediately become degenerate trouble making drunks and its an upvote party.
Replace tradie with indigenous, arab, chinese, Irish and you'd have the virtue signallers here in droves.
Here's your poster boy, [Ryan Wells](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-6008663/Tradie-knocked-stranger-cocaine-10-beers-horrific-one-punch-attack.html)
In terms of scale USA's economy alone is close to TWENTY times larger than ours.
[http://www.aei.org/publication/putting-americas-enormous-19-4t-economy-into-perspective-by-comparing-us-state-gdps-to-entire-countries/](http://www.aei.org/publication/putting-americas-enormous-19-4t-economy-into-perspective-by-comparing-us-state-gdps-to-entire-countries/)
Not relevant to what I was saying.
The Rider Levett Bucknall crane studies referenced by the ABC [exclude most countries](http://assets.rlb.com/production/2018/07/31172537/July-2018-Crane-Index.pdf) in North America in their figures for North America.
THankfully they have all made bank for 10 years and should be able to retire.
OR the work will just go to fixing up all the shit buildings that they have put up.
Oh!
You must live in Epping.
My uncle, old chippie from back in the day, bought a kit home to build in town (because his Lo'No'Sho missus doesn't like living on a farm).
The fucking frames look like they were pulled out of a WW1 biplane.
2x4?
Yeah...centimetres.
I heard it was better then ours.
*sobs*
Remember that while the housing market is slowing and about to shit itself, we just had a story yesterday that we have a "shortage" of trades and labour.
The Coalition cant wait to have a trigger to force wages down.
We have a shortage of trades for the building requirements of today.
It's half of where the pricing increases on new builds has come from.
We keep having to pay trades more to take on jobs at all.
What sort of requirements do you mean?
I work for a major builder that specialises in house and land packages.
We pay through the nose for particularly brickies, concreters and carpenters at the moment, because there isn't enough people working those trades to do all the work going around, so we need to pay them more, and bonuses on top, to get them to do our work instead of another builders.
It's really blowing out our budgets.
Right, yes I have heard such.
Also my understanding is the quality is lower because of this as well, because the tradies are in such high demand they don't need to compete on quality.
I have a coworker who recently renovated his bathroom.
He did the whole thing up in CAD and had extremely precise requirements.
He had a hell of a time being tradies to stick to the diagrams.
Not because they were impractical, but because they couldn't be bothered measuring and seemed surprised when he checked their work with a rule and laser level and made them redo it.
Very much this.
Very frustrating for site managers, and also the clients at the end of the day.
We had concreters just walk off a big job half way through, which left 10 houses in limbo for something like 2 months until we were able to get another business to take over the work.
Great time to be a tradie though.
Srs question, why do/would they want to force wages down?
Wrong.
If you work for a major builder then you subcontract your work to a concrete company, who then sub contracts that to a smaller company who wears all the liability.
Cut out the guy driving the Ferrari and subby the job direct to the concretor?
That way you get to choose your concretor and save money.
For all other trades i have no clue.
Hopefully you don’t end up ripping up slabs all over Melbourne to save money :)
Wong.
The businesses we use most frequently have their own guys that do the work, it isn't subcontracted out again.
I know this as I talk to the boss, the office staff and the guys out on site on a regular basis.
It may be that way with other companies, but not the way we do it.
Our parent company is based in W.A and over there they have their own brickie and concreting companies under the parent banner that we use.
I wish it was that way here in Vic.
Save so many hassles.
Cause we slashed TAFE funding decades ago.
I'd love to see these adverts for rates above the norm plus bonuses.
No half decent gang for any trade will work for a volume builder because the rates are patheticly low.
Majority of advertised rates for carpenters for example are 30-40hr which is below the actual running costs of working for yourself.
Most carpenters I know are working for the same rate as 3 years ago because wages aren't moving.
[deleted]
The money not paid to workers goes where it always goes: profit for the business.
But if people don't have money to spend, businesses can't earn an income :/
Indeed.
One of the contradictions of capitalism.
This is exactly right.
You need to be good at what you do, and fast, to make the money in volume building as a chippy.
We pay by the m2 for most things, or "each" for others (like installing a door).
Unfortunately there are heaps of crew out there fast, but not good.
Well that’s fortunate but I know from experience all major builders In vic use the big subby companies that do have internal crews but also have external crews, those of which the builder has no idea of knowing who does the slabs.
I have some family that does it and I can’t tell you it’s almost impossible to go direct to a major builder as there is a strong hold/partnership between conCrete companies and builders.
Ill pm you.
&gt;We pay through the nose for particularly brickies, concreters and carpenters at the moment

I am a former tradie.
What are your rates?
Trade secrets lol.
Not allowed to talk about it.
Leave that with procurement.
Majority of apprentice training is done online now through organizations like blue dog.
It's not a good sign in my opinion.
In other words your rates and shit and that is why you can't get good workers.

Summary: 
TIL that all tradies are drunks.
I heard it was better then ours.
I wish it was that way here in Vic.
Great time to be a tradie though.
Not relevant to what I was saying.
Right, yes I have heard such.
We keep having to pay trades more to take on jobs at all.
Not all drunks are tradies but all tradies are drunks.
I work for a major builder that specialises in house and land packages.
We have a shortage of trades for the building requirements of today.
I don't understand this sub sometimes.
The businesses we use most frequently have their own guys that do the work, it isn't subcontracted out again.
OR the work will just go to fixing up all the shit buildings that they have put up.
Wouldn't you need more cranes to smash out all the crane work in half the time?
It may be that way with other companies, but not the way we do it.
This is what a bubble looks like.
We have pretty shitty standards for most things.
