Original Response: 
No one should have a billion dollars, we need a salary cap.
Why?
Because you don’t have $1 billion?
No, to eliminate monopolies in all sectors.
If you didn’t have someone or a small group of someone’s with a lot of capital, there would be no sectors.
No salary cap.
But I agree.
No human needs billions.
Or can get them in a life time without the expense of other people suffering.
It’s just not normal.
Where is your logic on that one?
Which has more groups, Jimmy with 6 apples, or Jimmy capped at 2 apples, and Bob and Jill also have 2 apples.
You can get rich with hard work, you can only get wealthy by exploiting other people.
Because it’s much harder to get a group of people to invest in funding someone’s vision before it’s an actual thing than it is if someone has the capital initially?
Do you really think someone was going to toss a couple billion on a whim at Bezos’ Blue Horizon had it not been for him having a lot of the initial funding?
He was a billionaire in online retail going into space exploration.
Also, what’s to stop someone from further saying that 2 apples is too many and now everyone must only have a maximum of 1 apple?
Then extrapolate that further.
You have to look at the situation then if you want to play that game.
How many apples does one need to survive?
Is there only 3 people or is there 6?
Kickstarter disagrees.
With a salary cap, the money wouldn't just disappear it would still be there.
Say 100 million as a cap, If your idea for a venture is good, you can get the money, you just have to get more people to invest.
This isn’t about how much someone needs to survive.
Don’t make a straw man out of this.
You simply said that no one needs a billion dollars and that there should be salary caps.
That’s not how any of this works.
A lot of very successful ventures have started out with an idea that no one would fund.
Where do you draw the line with a salary cap?
How much is too much?
And then when that becomes the ceiling, do we keep dropping it because not everyone has 100 million until we all have the exact same amount of money and there is zero incentive to not work at McDonald’s?
Where do we draw the line?
I don't know, I'm not a mathematician or a analyst, experts would have to figure out where a reasonable line is, but having no line is just ridiculous.
Edit: Also, I never said pay everyone equally, I said salary cap, meaning the MAX you can make, not a minimum.
We have minimum wage so the rich can exploit the poor, so why not a cap on the rich?
Well nobody would ever be a billionaire on a salary... it’s more the stuff they own increases dramatically in value.
I don't believe in a cap.
If you've done well enjoy it, truly.
If you've managed to do well by abusing government taxes you can do one off a building.
This goes for tax avoiding schemes and evading proper employee employer and contracting laws.
Also so many mult national companies place burdens on local tax payers so they can have cheap deals :/
Did I just see that goalpost move?

Summary: 
Where do you draw the line with a salary cap?
I don't believe in a cap.
No one should have a billion dollars, we need a salary cap.
Where is your logic on that one?
Where do we draw the line?
How many apples does one need to survive?
