Original Response: 
I commute on my Street Triple and noticed before i left work.
Tire is holding air no problem, and my ride to work was uneventful.
Pull it out?
Plug?
Leave it?
What should i do?
Well, you nailed it.
Something is in your tire.
Chances are you can plug it, but as someone who’s seen plugs fail, I’ve always cautioned my friends that if you damage a tire in any way, they are cheap enough to just replace with new.
Since I don’t know you though, pull out the staple, see if it punctured into the center of the tire, and if it did, throw a plug in that pig and do some wheelies.
But don’t leave it.
pull it, find out how much of it it stuck in the tire.
could be nothing, but considering its in the tread and it looks like it stuck long enough to wear off the rest of that nail or whatever used to be there, it will probably need a plug.
then plug it.
if you leave it it could fall out at any time and then you're stuck with a flat.
Are you just loaded or do you have some secret tire source?
This exact tire on my bike runs me about $200.
Plugs are perfectly fine if it's in the tread and not the sidewall.
It's not any more of a risk than the risk that you'll run over a piece of shrapnel (like a nail maybe?)
and have it puncture your tire.
I've put tens of thousands of miles on plugged tires, don't waste a perfectly good tire over unfounded paranoia.
[sportbike track gear ](https://www.sportbiketrackgear.com/oem-replacement-motorcycle-tires/triumph) 

Im not loaded but bike tires aren’t expensive.
Also.
Even at $200 it’s cheaper than piece of mind and a hospital bill.
Yeah this place isn't any cheaper, that tire is 176 on the site you linked, plus mount and balance, disposal, and tax, it's actually closer to $215 all said and done, just like what I pay at my local store.
So either you just use cheaper tires than myself and OP or you are loaded.
&gt; Even at $200 it’s cheaper than piece of mind and a hospital bill.
It's also cheaper than buying a yacht, but neither yachts nor hospital bills are fair comparisons to be made here.
As I already said, if a plug is putting you at risk of a hospital visit, so is just riding around on a brand new tire and running the risk that you'll run over shrapnel.
Unless you do the plug incorrectly (which is pretty damn hard) there's no substantial risk of injury whatsoever over an unplugged tire.
Let's stop spreading this FUD please, it's just unfounded paranoia.
Did you read my first post when I said that they can plug it?
It’s just not my style.
If I had a tire punctuated I replace the tire, especially with the speeds I tend to ride at.
I'm with you, would never ride on a plug.
I just like the positive riding karma, even if a plug would be fine 99.9999% of the time.
Car?
Different story, would plug.
Hell yea, my car has 2 plugs in 1 tire.
I have 3 other if that one fails.
If I’m on a bike and my only drive tire or steering tire fails.....well that’s an issue.
I did, but you also added FUD and that's what I'm responding to.
Pull it.
Plug it.
Bop it.
twist it.
pass it.
Shake it.
[deleted]
Not if it’s a sport bike.
Plugs are safe up to 55 mph.
I would never plug a z rated tire.
Just isn’t safe.
Suck it.
If plugs are only safe up to 55 mph, why are you saying not just for sport bikes?
Do cruisers never go over 55?
F**k it.
I’ll plug anything long enough to get to the shop.
Tire insurance may be the only add-on insurance I’m happy to pay.
My Street Glide rides smoother at 85 than 65.
6th is not geared for less than about 75mph.
Haha, I was being very sarcastic.
I’m fully aware that cruisers go much faster than 55.
This escalated way to quickly.
Idk, it took seven comments.
I'd say they're slackin' a bit.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8lhEEDkv3zk.
I figured.
Just had two pennies in my pocket.
I've plugged my z rated tire.
Regularly do over 80 (and have hit 145 with the plug).
I have 0 concerns, I did do the work myself.
Only put a minimal amount of the plug through, razor bladed flush.
No way was I spending another $300 to replace a rear tire that had a couple hundred miles on it.
Almost down to the wear bars now.
Whack it.
Wait, you can get tire insurance added on to your policy?
Hmmm, I'll have to see if my insurance company offers this.
...If my bike ever comes back from the shop.
:\
I buy it at my dealership - about $30 a tire.
Free replacement 3 weeks ago when I caught a staple in my new Road 5 with less than 1000 miles.
Huh.
I'm going to need new tires (apparently mountain roads eat tires fast - I'm worn smooth on the left side of the tire at only 8K miles), so I should check and see if my dealer/shop offers that insurance.
You’re a braver rider than I. I am obviously too cautious for this sub.
I’m sorry to have seemed dismissive of your cruiser.
My sincere apologies.
Cruisers can go fast too.
Z rated tires are manufactured to a higher standard - over 149mph.
Bridgestone says it no longer considers the repaired tire to be speed rated tires.
I am currently sporting triple compound Bridgestone.
Some suggest repaired tires are reduced to H rated.
Just ran over a nail last month.
I’m confident that all those downvoting my comment think I waisted the $250+ purchasing a safe tire.
You are free to take whatever risks you find acceptable when you ride.
I try to minimize the risks that I can control.
I would never repair a Z rated tire.
http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/ct-xpm-2000-09-10-0009100481-story.html.
I don’t have a cruiser, lol (the bikes in my flair are the only ones I have).
I was confused by the logic of not putting it in Z-rated tires because it’s not safe over 55 mph when there are much lower tires that are rated for over 55 mph.
If it’s not safe over 55 mph, it’s not safe over 55 mph regardless of the speed rating of the tire.
Your logic in this comment is sound, it’s just seemed very strange to say it’s unsafe for a Z-rated tire because it’s unsafe over 55 mph, which would imply it’s OK in, say, an H-rated tire (rated for 136 mph) even though they’re also rated for more than 55 mph.
In fact, the lowest speed rating, J, is good for 63 mph.
So I’m not sure why, if plugs are unsafe over 55 mph, the speed rating of the tire matters at all.

Summary: 
and have it puncture your tire.
Something is in your tire.
Plugs are safe up to 55 mph.
I've plugged my z rated tire.
I would never plug a z rated tire.
Haha, I was being very sarcastic.
I buy it at my dealership - about $30 a tire.
I'm with you, would never ride on a plug.
It’s just not my style.
I would never repair a Z rated tire.
I have 3 other if that one fails.
pull it, find out how much of it it stuck in the tire.
If plugs are only safe up to 55 mph, why are you saying not just for sport bikes?
I have 0 concerns, I did do the work myself.
Not if it’s a sport bike.
