Original Response: 
Talk about your day.
Anything goes, but subreddit rules still apply.
Please be polite to each other!
God, I hope I can get a good GPA so that I can progress to Polytechnic and followed by, University.
NTU if possible.
Where are you studying currently?
Why got GPA de.
I’m currently studying in ITE College West and majoring in Nitec in Business Services.
[deleted]
I am.
I’ve been grinding all day and burning midnight oil 😤.
[deleted]
jiayou!
:)
Fingers crossed,pursing a dip in archi and 1st sem results release in 8 days.
Goodluck and all the best for the results !
Which course do you plan on taking?
[deleted]
Now on month 4 of going semi-vegetarian.
Recently my mom bought roast duck and roast pork, and I did not enjoy chewing through the meat at all.
Interesting that my brain is changing.
I still enjoy eating the salty and fatty skin though.
What does a semi-vegetarian diet consist of?
I eat veges weekdays, but on weekends if I visit my parents I don't want to trouble my mom.
So I just eat whatever she cooks.
I started this diet for health reasons, not ethical reasons so wasn't that strict with it.
But it's cool that my taste for meat is reducing even though I still eat it occasionally.
What health reasons?
Out of curiosity...
Losing weight, lower cholestrol, cured my IBS.
Hello!
Recently my gf and i found this restaurant called greendot where they serve mock meats for dishes ranging from herbal soup to rendang!
If you havent had a chance to do so, do give it a try!
Damage: $7.50 without drinks.
There was a time where I didn't eat meat for 5 days.
Surprisingly, I thought that I would crave for meat after days of not eating it, but I didn't even feel like eating meat after that few days, until I have to eat it.
I don't miss meat at all so no thanks to mock meats.
I am perfectly happy to just eat greens.
Their mushroom rendang is fucking good.
Can't say the same about their burgers.
But if they had a mushroom rendang burger however..
Greendot is nice but ex.
Cant wait for them to have flying spaghettiballs too heh.
Sigh, working late again today.
Any good song suggestions for bad days like these?
Edit: Y'all are awesome.
Thank you!!
:')
Whenever I am feeling low.
I look around me and i know.
snsd - into a new world [acoustic cover]
Tauhuey?
Boulevard of broken dreams.
Not a song, but anything related to Bob Ross will be great.
Starry starry night - Don McLean.
..._sigh_.
Appropriate.
Too busy for tauhuay :(
[We are but falling leaves - Sentenced](https://open.spotify.com/track/6Pp7OnBThYEFn2rn2cQbvh?si=fCu_2s8ZSm2aOwrbTdye0g)
Against the tide.
豆浆油条.
Wings by Birdy\~
I listen to despacito.
seriously, not trolling.
Wake me up when september ends.
Paradise by George Ezra.
Such a bop!
Shotgun by the same guy is good as well.
There's a place that'll stay within me wherever I may choose to go.
Guardians of the galaxy ost.

Summary: 
Whenever I am feeling low.
I am perfectly happy to just eat greens.
So I just eat whatever she cooks.
I look around me and i know.
There was a time where I didn't eat meat for 5 days.
I don't miss meat at all so no thanks to mock meats.
I still enjoy eating the salty and fatty skin though.
Their mushroom rendang is fucking good.
Where are you studying currently?
Can't say the same about their burgers.
