Original Response: 
This is a technique to be used on vaginas, just FYI.
The following will contain parts that will likely make you say “well duh” but I considered it a huge eye-opening revelation.
Background on technique: it was in a recent post in I think /r/relationships and it was by a lesbian, who had perfected the art of fingering a girl, as she put it.
So I “took notes.”

All my life, my “technique” was basically to use two fingers to mimic a penis thrusting in and out.
Do you do this?
Stop.
Because she may look like she’s enjoying it, but she’s not.
And yeah the logic sounds like “well it’s something hard and stiff going in and out...”

NO.
Rub her clit?
Sure, it feels...nice, especially when done right.
But nothing compares to the simple technique I learned from an anonymous lesbian who has obviously become an expert on pleasuring women.
**Here is what will literally drive your girl to the point of gyrating and dripping in your palms: fingering her with your middle finger, palm up, and simply rubbing her G-spot firmly (in pressure) but gently in speed in a CIRCULAR motion**.
That’s all.
It will turn her into a slip n slide down there if done right.
My gf is in her 30s and has a good amount of sexual experience but even she felt like she had “unlocked” a new life experience.
It got to the point where she was screaming into pillows and losing 95% of bodily control.
She had no recall of what her body was doing in reaction because the feeling itself was “pure ecstasy” to her, and her limbs were extending and clenching every which way (kind of like we men do when a blow job goes on for “too long”).
**TLDR — It May sound like remedial school on sex, but there IS not only a “proper” way of fingering a girl, but a way to drive her nuts.
Just firmly and smoothly rub her G-spot in a slow, firm circular motion, and let the good times (and her juices) flow**.
I have a vagina and that won't make me cum - sorry guy.
We're not all the same.
No you're wrong dude has been with 2 dozen women and read something a lesbian wrote.
S/
The Kama Sutra was written by a virgin, so, if anything, you guys should be listening to me.
Have you tried spinning?
That's a neat trick.
Hello there.
Maybe its the right guys finger….
I’m not following.
Same.
Literally nothing on the inside will make me cum without clit stimulation.
I've done a lot of self exploring and found that I just basically don't have much, if any, feeling inside anywhere.
Vaginas are weird.
Where's the prequel meme bot?
:(
My bad...MY BAD!
😅🤣.
Exactly.
Like I *enjoy* penetration, but cumming is strictly clitly.
Squirting and all.
Same, don’t like that spot played with.
Lol 😂.
Some things feel good coming from one partner and not another.
Really I got downvoted because I asked for clarification?
JFC Redditors can suck my dick sometimes.
Well sure techniques vary from person to person, but I know what areas of my own anatomy bring me to orgasm.
I have had exactly one vaginal orgasm without clitoral stimulation in 22 years of having sex and even longer for finger banging.
GENERAL KENOBI.
I like to do the counter-clockwise swirl personally.
Was he saying it would make her come though?
I absolutely love this kind of shit but it won't make me come.
It's a good kind of intense foreplay though.
I didn't get that you were asking for clarification.
A statement without a question mark,  but with "..." looks more sarcastic than questioning 

But what did you want clarified?
Edit: mixed up this commentor with the parent comment.
Never mind.
I didn’t end it with a “...”, I ended it with a period, because I made a statement saying that I didn’t follow.
Usually when someone responds to you, making a declarative statement of ‘I’m not following.’ that means they need you to further clarify.
But thanks for jumping in and trying to make me sound like I was being sarcastic instead of just..not following.
Like I mentioned.
And it was already explained, so thanks again.
You were right about one thing, master.
Sorry, since you said you were downvoted, I mixed you up with your parent comment (both usernames starting with a, and reading a bit fast), since that was the only downvoted comment.
At least you're not on the minus anymore.
Plus 2 when I mixed it up.
Mine is clit, and anal.
Super weird.
[deleted]

Summary: 
Plus 2 when I mixed it up.
I like to do the counter-clockwise swirl personally.
I have a vagina and that won't make me cum - sorry guy.
I didn't get that you were asking for clarification.
Really I got downvoted because I asked for clarification?
Like I *enjoy* penetration, but cumming is strictly clitly.
I absolutely love this kind of shit but it won't make me come.
Same, don’t like that spot played with.
Was he saying it would make her come though?
Literally nothing on the inside will make me cum without clit stimulation.
