Original Response: 
I find this amusing because anyone who knows anything about retirement homes knows that they’re the only place on earth with the same frequency of rando hookup sexual activity as a college dorm, lol...
This is true, and most people don't realize it lol.
Old people be fucking.
To be clear though, this isn't about retirement homes, it's about community living and keeping seniors out of retirement homes.
Also, as much as some people like to paint a rosy picture of retirement community living, most elderly people aren't looking at kicking back in a $4k/mo nice place that makes sure they get access to Viagra, they're looking at shithole government subsidized places that take all of their CPP/OAS payments and give them an allowance of $80/mo to buy commissary.
They're more like homeless shelters than swinger's clubs.
I cant find a clear source on any of this.
I do know that they have been saying for years we are behind in availability of retirement homes but cant seem to find any stats on the financial status of our aging population.
huh what?
Care to explain more.
[removed]
Well as someone else commented some old folks' homes are more like prisons than dorms, but in the nicer ones...ask anyone who's ever worked in one (or anyone who works in an ER or clinic) there is a LOT of hooking up going on.
I mean, they have all the amenities of college and none of the classwork, think about it.
Plus a lot of folks in there are single for one reason or another.
Seniors are *way* less prudish than most people assume.
Is it seniors hooking up with each other?
Yeah, sorry I didn't think that was unclear.
I didn't mean they chase the staff around, lol...though there are definitely both dudes and ladies who do occasionally.
😅.
Yes.
Old People Sex.
Its best not think about it.
Oh yeah, my wife works in a nursing home and everyone knows about Welcome Wagon Wanda who greats all the new incoming gentlemen.
She thinks they are all her late husband.
[deleted]
Also to add to previous replies, probably 99% of the senior women can't get pregnant anymore so the use of contraception is not quite the same priority as in younger folks so now you have more outbreaks of STIs than any college campus.
And they're careless about it too.
Lots of STDs to go around.

Summary: 
Is it seniors hooking up with each other?
I cant find a clear source on any of this.
Its best not think about it.
Lots of STDs to go around.
