Original Response: 
Based on the few Transgender threads that popped up here, I clearly sit on a side that is different to most of this sub, which is disappointing as I had assumed most of this place was fairly progressive.
But maybe that's progressive in the same sense as the anti-SJW, anti-Feminist brigade is progressive by being pro-weed.
&amp;#x200B;

It's a shame how much of this sub is willing to believe that Gender Dysphoria is less so a real thing, and more an online fad, or worse a form of mass hysteria infecting online communities and forcing kids to chop off their genitals.
Worse, it's proves that Scott Morrison, one of the scummiest men on earth, has a real knack for punching down at the right targets to get the voting masses on side, despite the fact that he's a royal cunt.
I think people shouldn't encourage mental illness.
Fuck me, right?
How is it a mental illness?
but your wrong its not a mental illness.
read something before making stuff up.
im pretty disappointed myself, i hope this asshole gets kicked out before he decides that people are allowed to actively discriminate against me.
they better not give the religious or anyone else that right unless they want to cop the same shit.
How is it not?
You are mentally uncomfortable with your body and think the only way to fix it is to cut parts off.
Thats not natural.
How isn't it?
If I thought I was biologically a helicopter, would I be mentally sound?
of course not but obviously they arent comparable, your just being disingenious.
Also your opinion on this is literally irrelevant, people far more educated than you have already decided that being trans is not a mental illness, like they did with being gay.
Why don't you name a few other than the pedo John Money?
I'm not convinced that it is.
I would tend to agree with most professional leading organisations in the field who say that it isn't a mental illness.
Or have you come across some ground breaking study that no one else has seen?
Please, feel free to show me the ground breaking studies you speak of.
You misread comment.
Simply google "transgender mental illness" into google and you'll find plenty of links.
Now you find me a credible study saying that it is a mental illness, because I doubt you will.
&gt;Gender dysphoria (GD), or gender identity disorder (GID), is the distress a person experiences as a result of the sex and gender they were assigned at birth.
Delusional to the point of self harm.
All I see when googling that is that "WHO" decided it wasnt a mental illness.
John Money?
Seriously?
Please check your facts before you spread further misinformation.
In the tragic [David Reimer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Reimer) case, a boy whose circumcision was botched was surgically reassigned to female.
Money was of the opinion that gender was primarily learned, not innate, and that the boy would develop a female gender identity given the right "training" in what he considered proper female behaviour.
He reported great success to the academic community but it later transpired that Money had been lying all along and that David had in fact never identified as a girl and did not develop a female gender identity.
The whole experience damaged David emotionally and psychologically for life which ultimately lead to his suicide.
Based on the facts of this case, how could you possibly draw the conclusion that there isn't some innate component when it comes to gender?
&gt; that David had in fact never identified as a girl

&gt;he whole experience damaged David emotionally and psychologically for life which ultimately lead to his suicide.
&gt;how could you possibly draw the conclusion that there isn't some innate component when it comes to gender?
GEE GUYS WHAT SOUND RESEARCH THIS IS BASED OFF.
You quoted wiki?
But even then, the wiki page you got your quote from states "The American Psychiatric Association, publisher of the DSM-5, states that "gender nonconformity is not itself a mental disorder"".
Mental illnesses are defined by a number of things and defining what a mental illness isn't a decision taken lightly.
If you were to indulge in someone's mental illness, generally it not going to help.
A person addicted to plastic surgery for instance may have hundreds of procedures done, but aren't yet satisfied and will continue to have more.
What we see with allowing transgender people to transition in supportive environments is mental health improves significantly with rates of suicide ideation dropping significantly to national averages.
Not all transgender people will experience dysphoria with their genitals, or even experience gender dysphoria at all, which is why it was declassified as a mental illness, and for those that do, there are appropriate and recommended pathways to getting it addressed.
A person experiencing gender dysphoria will no longer have it after transitioning and EVERY world medical authority recognises transitioning as medically necessary and the only effective treatment for gender dysphoria.
&gt; A person experiencing gender dysphoria will no longer have it after transitioning and EVERY world medical authority recognises transitioning as medically necessary and the only effective treatment for gender dysphoria.
Except for the part where they do and most likely will regret or neck before dying of old age.
Not to mention the irreversible damage to your body.
Did you even read the facts of the case or are you just here to spread misinformation?
David Reimer spoke for himself regarding his experience.
The rate of people detransitioning is at around 1%, a very small number and if you consider the risk of side effects of many other treatments 1% is a very good number.
To add to this, there are a few people who decide to transition without the help of a therapist and a doctor and obtain hormones via other means.
I don't necessarily agree with this, and believe that it is with the help of medical professionals that a person is able to determine whether transitioning is the right decision.
But even taking this into account, it's only around 1% of people who make that decision to detransition.
Now people who identify as transgender is at around 0.3% of the population.
Taking those crude numbers into consideration, 1% of 0.3% is 0.003%.
That's a very small percentage of people it's affecting and you're making it out to be a much larger issue than it really is.
It's not considered "irreversible damage" if solves a whole range of mental health issues.
You're wrong,  have no empathy and your attitude to mental illness (how you would use it to denigrate people) sucks.

Summary: 
How is it a mental illness?
but your wrong its not a mental illness.
I think people shouldn't encourage mental illness.
All I see when googling that is that "WHO" decided it wasnt a mental illness.
Now you find me a credible study saying that it is a mental illness, because I doubt you will.
Now people who identify as transgender is at around 0.3% of the population.
If you were to indulge in someone's mental illness, generally it not going to help.
David Reimer spoke for himself regarding his experience.
I would tend to agree with most professional leading organisations in the field who say that it isn't a mental illness.
