Original Response: 
Hey Reddit!
My name is Paolo.
I'm 37yo and 3 years ago i quit my IT job in Australia and started travelling solo on my motorcycle.
I haven't stop since.
I spent a year roughly, going all around Australia and then i shipped my motorcycle to South America and started riding up from there.
I recently reached Alaska and came back to Vancouver, so now i'm planning my route towards Europe and across Asia to reach Australia again, to complete my round the world trip.
I post one picture a day.
All my pictures are taken with my cellphone but I carry a drone as well.
I've also been sponsored by some brands that sell motorcycle gear and equipment.
I do NOT get paid to travel and i've been sustaining myself just with my savings, accumulated with few years of work.
Before I left for this trip, I always wondered how people that did these kind of things (travelling for long periods of time) were actually able to do it.
So, here i am, hopefully answering some question and making myself useful in this sense for others that may have the same questions i had, before i started my journey.
AmA!
Riding with: KTM 1190 adventure  2014 model.
Social media
Ig: www.instagram.com/paolocattaneophoto 

Fb: www.facebook.com/paolocattaneoofficial

Yt: www.youtube.com/paolocattaneo


Proof: https://www.reddit.com/user/paolo_0/comments/9g4cmq/proof/?utm_source=reddit-android


EDIT: OMG!
you guys are amazing!
Thanks for all the nice questions.
I'll try to answer to all of you.
Some of them are redundant so if i don't answer is because there's already something similar out there.
EDIT 2: I'm overwhelmed by all the interesting questions and nice words i ve received.
Going to bed now.
I ll come back tomorrow to answer some more!
THANK YOU ALL!
EDIT 3: I'm still trying to answer all of the questions.
I ll take a break now but continue on tonight.
THANKS A LOT FOR ALL YOUR ENQUIRIES!
Over a 1000 !
Doing my best to reply to all of you.
EDIT 4: OK!!!!
THAT'S IT FOR NOW!
Thank you soooooo much for all the questions and the beautiful words of encouragement and support.
It s truly remarkable to see how many people would want to travel and explore our fabulous planet.
Also thanks to all the haters that took time to stop and say hi and ask irrelevant or silly questions.
You make the internet the most interesting place ever and you are confirming us, with your unnecessary behaviour, that we are doing the right thing.
Hopefully i ll meet some of you on the road and make sure you follow my instagram to see where I am at.
Drop me a line if you see me passing through.
Happy to share few stories and a chat.
Cheers!
!
Yoooo!
Did you ride up through Alberta?
Specifically Calgary?
Bike had a license plate out of Chili???
?
At the moment i am in Vancouver.
I haven t been in Alberta yet.
The license plate is from Australia since i bought the motorcycle there.
Awwwww man.
Haha i saw a dude on a bike with a tag out of Chili few months back.
Thought it might if been you.
That would be dope...


   On a scale of 1 - 10 (10 being the worst) How sore is your butt!
?
I had to draw a line with a marker to actually see where is the middle of my bottom!
Ahah  10, mate....10.
Have you been to Halifax yet?
PM me if not and when, and my SO and I will invite you to a home cooked meal.
The same one who has loved dick all her life?
😂.
Can't imagine.
Keep safe :-)
82 comment Karma, 87 comments, all on r/roastme.
If you come thru Seattle, post on your Instagram and some of us would love to meet &amp; greet :-)
I hope before you head further east, you come west to Vancouver Island.
At least do the circle route (Victoria/Port Renfrew/Lake Cowichan)  PM me if you do, would gladly show you around!
If you ride south and make it to San Francisco, I can offer you a place to sleep, a hot meal, a hot shower, and a full assortment of motorcycle tools to help with any needed maintenance.
It's my life.
Hey I'm a biker from Vancouver (but I've since moved overseas)!
Check out Capilano Park, it's beautiful!
And the sea to sky highway - the road to Squamish - is a great ride on the bike (but you probably already know that).
I would love to do a RTW trip one day.
I did a solo trip across the US several years ago, and two solo cross-Canada trips before that, and a solo Ecuador.
I don't have a specific reason for not doing it.
Became quite fixated on my work I guess.
But I have not ruled the trip out; it still seems like a thing I could be capable of.
Coming up to Halifax next week on an Atlantic Canada tour!
(NOT ASKING FOR THE MEAL) Just saying i'm really excited.
It’s a good time of the year!
I hope you have awesome weather.
It mostly depend on how much time do you have and what do you like.
The true beauty of Australia lies in its most remote regions like the Kimberly and the northern territory.
Although there are plenty of options.
If you want a good alternative vacation, compared to the usuals, fly to perth, indulge yourself in some good wine and surf in margaret river, then fly up to Ningaloo reef, then drive up to Broome and fly to the horizontal falls.
It will cost you a fortune but it s worth it.
On the east coast you can fly in sydney (opera house and sfuff) then fly to melbourne and do the great ocean road.
Then fly to tasmania.
Awesome.
West coast of Australia is relatively unknown compared to the east, but oh so beautiful!
I grew up in Exmouth so I was brought up fishing and swimming in the Ningaloo.
Never been back since I was a kid.
Now I live in Canberra.
Today was my last day of work, as soon I will be riding back to Exmouth through the centre on my DRZ.
*Meanwhile in Queensland* 

I don’t blame you for leaving QLD out of here.
Locals aren’t always the nicest and in general we have annihilated the environment (coral bleaching in the reef) however I truly believe it is still one of the greatest parts of the world.
do snakes try to bite you when you're riding in australia?
Ahhaha nooo!
Snakes are as scared of us as we are of them.
I love queensland mate.
Especially the north part.
The rainforest is majestic up there and of course the barrier reef needs no introduction.
It s just in my opinion very touristy compared to WA.
Still beautiful and i didnt have bad experiences with people at all.
Actually i have some very good mates from there.
It is indeed a beautiful part of the world.
True.
I guess I just never notice it because I was raised with it.
Safe travels.
Omg.
You eill have an amazing time mate!
Enjoy it for me too!
Roger that, mate.
Thanks for the inspiration!

Summary: 
I haven t been in Alberta yet.
I hope you have awesome weather.
I ll come back tomorrow to answer some more!
I don't have a specific reason for not doing it.
Thanks for all the nice questions.
Now I live in Canberra.
Never been back since I was a kid.
I post one picture a day.
I would love to do a RTW trip one day.
Actually i have some very good mates from there.
I guess I just never notice it because I was raised with it.
It’s a good time of the year!
It is indeed a beautiful part of the world.
EDIT 3: I'm still trying to answer all of the questions.
I ll take a break now but continue on tonight.
Did you ride up through Alberta?
