Original Response: 
It's not opioids killing Canadians, it's illegally acquired *fentanyl* killing *addicts*

There are 4.7 million opioid users in Canada, and there were 3,996 opioid-related deaths in 2017 (these are not limited to overdose)

Even if every death was someone with an opioid prescription, which is not the case, that means that 0.08% of them overdosed and died that year

There are 25 million people in Canada with a drivers licensed, and in 2016 160,315 people were injured in a collision with a motor vehicle, or about 0.6%

Do we have a car and truck crisis?
No, we have a problem with distracted driving, speeding, drunk driving, etc.
&gt; There are 4.7 million opioid users in Canada,

Thats a crazy high number!
And I agree, the problem is with the fent, contaminating everything it touches.
I doubt that six out of every thousand canadians are injured in car accidents every year.
Insurance would be unaffordable and after fifty years, thirty out of every hundred canadiand would have been injured in car accidents.
That doesn't make sense.
https://www.tc.gc.ca/eng/motorvehiclesafety/tp-tp3322-2015-1487.html transport Canada seems to think it's right.
Oh my.
Those numbers are crazy!
I never would have thought it was that high.
Transport Canada's National Collision Database (NCDB) contains data on all reportable motor vehicle collisions in Canada that the provinces and territories provide each year.
https://www.tc.gc.ca/eng/motorvehiclesafety/canadian-motor-vehicle-traffic-collision-statistics-2016.html

2016

Collisions

Fatal: 1,717
Personal Injury: 115,956

Victims

Fatalities: 1,898
Serious Injuries: 10,322
Injuries (Total): 160,315

Insurance is already unaffordable.
I would bet there are a lot of people that have been involved in multiple serious car crashes over the course of 50 years like my idiot step-grandpa who is really doing his part to skew the average.
The issue is a lot of people start on legit prescribed opiods but when the prescription runs out the cravings are still there so they go buy off a street dealer because its cheaper and dont need s prescription.
You don't start developing a drinking a problem just because you have a car.
You do start to develop a dependency just being perscribed opiods.
That's a common myth, addiction rates for prescription opioids are actually incredibly low

Among Canadians who use opioid pain relievers, about 2% reported using them for nonmedical purposes.
The 2017 Canadian Guideline for Opioid Therapy and Chronic NonCancer Pain reports that opioids are associated with a 5.5% risk of addiction

http://www.ccdus.ca/Resource%20Library/CCSA-Canadian-Drug-Summary-Prescription-Opioids-2017-en.pdf.
Depends on if including prescription.
You can buy Tylenol-1's at any pharmacy which have codine.
I don't get the point of this post?
It's an important distinction 


Imagine if some alcoholics were suddenly dying more often due to their buying *poisoned* bootleg hooch that was *illegally* purchased on the black market from criminals


Then, imagine that people, including the government, began confusing that hooch with legally purchased alcohol used by casual drinkers and so enacted new laws and regulations restricting the use of alcohol by everyone (punishing those who have done nothing wrong, and doing nothing at all to counteract the actual problem)

Claiming that opioids are killing Canadians is like claiming that bullets are responsible for the death of people murdered in gang wars.
I don't understand what distinction you are making, or why you are making it?
If we had alcoholics that were drunk but not dying, and then they started dying due to poisoned booze, would that just be the alcoholics had it coming, and damn them for being alcoholics?
Anyone I know who uses opioids, are drug users who tried a dangerous and addictive drug, became addicted and risk the chance of serious harm or death every time they use the drug.
Your 0.08% number still represents a lot of people dying, who were not dying only a couple years ago, doesn't it?
I know, and it's frustrating, but I'm making a sincere effort to explain what I would imagine to be self-evident

No, addicts do not deserve to die, and of course we should do everything we can to help them

However, there's not much the government is willing or able to do, so instead they are capitalizing on the ignorance of the public to shift the conversation from one of addiction, foreign gangs, black markets, and the adulteration of street drugs with fentanyl to the legitimate use of prescription opioids 

Every news article about this subject talks about the 'opioid crisis' when we *do not have an opioid crisis* (anymore than we have an alcohol crisis, or a motor vehicle crisis)

We are seeing a rise in the number of deaths among opioid addicts who have bought drugs illegally, drugs that are adulterated with fentanyl, and not among prescription opioid users who do not abuse their medication and are not addicted

Spreading this kind of misinformation about opioids is causing real harm, and introducing new regulations and laws against opioids is causing real suffering for those with legitimate pain

If we legalized these drugs, or provided prescriptions for addicts, we could end these deaths overnight.
I think I understand what you are saying now, interesting.

Summary: 
Depends on if including prescription.
I never would have thought it was that high.
I don't understand what distinction you are making, or why you are making it?
I don't get the point of this post?
