Original Response: 
Walkability is something that's important to a stadium.
There has to be activity around the stadium for fans to do before and after games.
A few stadiums have excellent walkability, while others are terrible.
I'll analyze each stadium using Google Maps, as I haven't been to many of these places, and I'd appreciate input from you guys about other things from each stadium that add to the walkability of a stadium.
* HONDA CENTER (ANAHEIM):  The area around Ponda seems a little low-key.
There's several microbreweries and restaurants, but they seem to be more towards the baseball stadium or on the other side of the river.
Walkability seems a little limited in this regard, especially since there's a train station directly serving the stadium.
* GILA RIVER ARENA (ARIZONA):  Okay, this stadium gets a lot of shit for how remote it is, but it has an entertainment plaza with lots of activity right in front of the stadium, similar to LA Live.
Is this plaza any fun?
It looks like fun on gamedays.
* TD GARDEN (BOSTON):  I'm not familiar with Boston, but the stadium is surrounded by highway ramps.
That being said, there seems to be a lot of action directly outside the stadium.
Great for some quality gameday grub.
It's all close together too in concentric avenues in a triangle-shaped block.
Really spiffy.
* KEYBANK CENTER (BUFFALO):  Parking lots, a casino, a couple restaurants, and a huge marina.
Oh, and there's a minor league ballpark.
I don't know much about Buffalo, but there doesn't seem to be a whole lot of action.
Maybe there's more than what's being presented?
* SADDLEDOME (CALGARY):  Served directly by rail, the Saddledome appears to be a part of the Stampede fairgrounds complex.
But the Stampede is after hockey season, so aside from the museum and some country-western bars, what's there to do come gametime?
* PNC ARENA (CAROLINA):  .......I'm not seeing anything.
There's a college football stadium, a high school football field, a large horse stable, and a tiny bistro.
Help me out here.
This looks really really sad.
* UNITED CENTER (CHICAGO):  The action seems to be several blocks away in Greektown.
This part of Chicago doesn't really have the best reputation, so I'm not sure if I wanna be in this area after dark, especially since there's nothing directly outside the stadium.
Walkability is pretty iffy.
* PEPSI CENTER (COLORADO) There's a freakin' amusement park!
Doesn't look too big but it looks like it could be fun.
The stadium is also next to where the Broncos play.
Doesn't seem to be a whole lot of restaurants, but there's two restaurants called Brooklyns, wonder if they're any good?
* NATIONWIDE ARENA (COLUMBUS):  I do believe this stadium is the crown jewel of Columbus' walkable urbanism.
There's a lot to do around the stadium!
Bars, restaurants, shops all within an arm's reach!
This is what an NHL stadium should have.
Bravo!
* AMERICAN AIRLINES CENTER (DALLAS):  There's a plaza thingy right outside the stadium, which is neat, also there's a lot of bars and stuff a couple blocks up from the stadium.
It looks very encouraging.
* LITTLE CAESARS ARENA (DETROIT):  I know this stadium, along with Comerica Park and Ford Field, are supposed to be catalysts to revitalize Detroit's downtown.
There are tons of restaurants and bars, even a casino, and it looks like a lot of fun.
I beg the question...how safe is Downtown Detroit?
* ROGERS PLACE (EDMONTON):  Your gaudy airplane-hangar-of-a-stadium is right in downtown, with lots of things to do all within an arm's reach of the stadium.
I love how part of the stadium has a skyway over the street.
A vast improvement over your old stadium, which doesn't have anything of note.
* BB&amp;T CENTER (FLORIDA):  There's a large outlet mall, an IKEA, and a boulevard full of chain restaurants.
Not easily accessible by public transport.
Pathetic.
Next!
* STAPLES CENTER (LOS ANGELES):  LA Live is the shit!
A great place to hang out on gamedays.
Lots of activities and fun to be had.
Served by the LA Metro.
They really knocked it out of the park here.
This is peak walkability.
* XCEL ENERGY CENTER (MINNESOTA):  Located in St. Paul, Minneapolis' more cultured, preppy, bougie older brother.
There's a neat little park area and a lot of bars and eateries along 7th Street.
Looks like a fun stadium to be around.
St. Paul looks bloody beautiful and the stadium is in a great location.
* CENTRE BELL (MONTREAL):  Well, it's Montreal, famous for its food and nightlife, and the stadium location seems to be within a stone's throw of it all.
Nothing really to complain about, looks like a lot of fun.
* BRIDGESTONE ARENA (NASHVILLE):  Well, this doesn't disappoint.
Museums, legendary music venues, plenty of bars and restaurants, and the stadium is close to it all.
The stadium really set out to be part of the Music City and god damn I am envious on how great the walkability is.
A+, I truly am envious.
* PRUDENTIAL CENTER (NEW JERSEY):  There's a few bougie breweries, some chain restaurants, a famous deli nearby, and a Planned Parenthood.
It's fucking Newark.
I value my life dearly.
Sorry.
* BARCLAYS CENTER (NY ISLANDERS):  A crown jewel of gentrification.
This stadium doesn't look like it belongs in the neighborhood, like it was tacked on haphazardly.
I mean, there's a lot of bars and restaurants, but how many are there as a result of Brooklyn's ongoing gentrification?
I look at this one rather carefully, as it feels rather inauthentic.
Sorry Isles fans, I hope your stadium issue gets fixed soon.
* MADISON SQUARE GARDEN (NY RANGERS):  It's a stadium in Manhattan that sits on top of a train station.
It's had peak walkability since it was built, although I can imagine Manhattan can be quite expensive.
Literally anything and everything is surrounding the stadium.
Words simply can't do it justice.
* CANADIAN TIRE CENTRE (OTTAWA):  An outlet strip mall and a Costco.
Fucking what.
Next!
* WELLS FARGO CENTER (PHILADELPHIA):  I understand South Philly isn't the safest of neighborhoods, but that parking lot is massive.
There's a building called Xfinity Live that's supposed to be a hub for all three stadiums, with entertainment options.
What is there exactly?
* PPG PAINTS ARENA (PITTSBURGH):  It's next to a college campus, but the fun stuff outside of the stadium seems to be in Downtown a couple blocks down.
Doesn't seem like a bad time.
* ENTERPRISE CENTER (ST. LOUIS):  Considering it's downtown, you have to walk a few blocks to get to the fun part of town, but it doesn't seem too bad.
I can't really see a whole lot, so help me out please?
* SAP CENTER (SAN JOSE):  I don't think they had walkability in mind when they built the Tank.
Everything is very spread out, I mean there looks like to be good stuff but you have to drive several blocks down to get to anything.
This stadium would really benefit from a BART extension.
* AMALIE ARENA (TAMPA BAY):  I'm gonna hate saying this because they're a rival team, but I fucking LOVE Tampa's Channelside neighborhood.
Friendly atmosphere, lots of good times to be had, and it's peak Florida fun.
This was a great place to put a stadium, it's no mystery how the Bolts packs the house every night, win or lose.
* SCOTIABANK ARENA (TORONTO):  What can I say?
It's a stadium on the waterfront of a major North American city, downwind from an iconic world landmark and a couple blocks away from the fucking Hockey Hall of Fame.
Anyone that can't find anything fun to do around the stadium is a fool.
The sentiments I had for Madison Square Garden, I echo those sentiments with Toronto.
* ROGERS ARENA (VANCOUVER):  This area looks like a lot of fun.
Gastown looks like a grand old time.
There's a marina, several nightclubs and bars, and it just overall looks like I'd be entertained around these parts.
* T-MOBILE ARENA (VEGAS):  It's the fucking world-famous Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.
Get a clue.
Next!
* CAPITAL ONE ARENA (WASHINGTON):  It's in Chinatown with lots to do and the US Capitol building is nearby.
This looks like a prime location for a stadium.
Kinda confusing to consider that this team once played in bumfuck Maryland.
* BELL MTS PLACE (WINNIPEG):  I know Winnipeg has a poor reputation for lacking in nightlife and activities, but I'm not seeing a whole lot outside of the stadium.
A bar here, and restaurant there, which is odd considering the stadium is surrounded by buildings.
I expected there to be a lot more and I'm just not seeing it.
If anyone has anything to add or correct, please comment.
Thank you!
Yes, we canes fans have a horse stable in our parking lot.
And that’s pretty fucking cool.
You know what else we have?
A parking lot where we can pop the tailgate and drink some ice cold natty lights.
Also, how much time do you have on your hands?
Have at you.
How many arenas *don't* have tailgating?
I guess I've never really thought about it though.
30.
Aha!
We're the best at something!
^^kinda ^^wish ^^it ^^was ^^winning ^^though...
Not even legal in Canada AFAIK.
Fuckin commies.
Uhh no we're the evil socialists.
In Vancouver we barely even have parking haha.
it's too cold for that in edmonton during the hockey season anyways.
I'd rather drink indoors.
We use to when the Devils played at the meadowlands (Giants Stadium)
29.5 soon to be 29.
The Coyotes do it for weekend games.
BB&amp;T has watered down tailgating.
City of Sunrise doesn't allow cooking in public spaces without a license (BB&amp;T is a county-owned stadium), so in some places in the parking lot, you'll have some Panthers fans knocking back cold ones and playing cornhole, but that's the extent of the Panthers "tailgating" experience.

Summary: 
There's a lot to do around the stadium!
This is what an NHL stadium should have.
Lots of activities and fun to be had.
Looks like a fun stadium to be around.
It looks like fun on gamedays.
This looks like a prime location for a stadium.
I expected there to be a lot more and I'm just not seeing it.
There has to be activity around the stadium for fans to do before and after games.
Nothing really to complain about, looks like a lot of fun.
Walkability is something that's important to a stadium.
I love how part of the stadium has a skyway over the street.
A+, I truly am envious.
Doesn't seem like a bad time.
Literally anything and everything is surrounding the stadium.
* ROGERS ARENA (VANCOUVER):  This area looks like a lot of fun.
This looks really really sad.
There are tons of restaurants and bars, even a casino, and it looks like a lot of fun.
That being said, there seems to be a lot of action directly outside the stadium.
The stadium is also next to where the Broncos play.
A few stadiums have excellent walkability, while others are terrible.
