Original Response: 
When you screenshot, it notifies them.
Did he react to that?
Probably something like "wa wa why would you scr scr screenshot that"
Screenshotting text notifies the other party?
?
Huh TIL.
This is Snapchat.
I have taken a screenshot of things I never even plan on showing or looking at again just to ruffle feathers.
Edit.
Awe I made people upset :(
Why would u scweenshot thwaaat.
Sick

Edit: lmao at the dude editing out the cringe parts of his comment to make me look bad.
[deleted]
I'm so uncomfortable.
no.
B L O C K

L 

O 

C

K.
Thanks I hate it.
Vwwwommits.
www dot google dot com how to delete someone else's reddit comment enter.
/r/madlads.
Surprising how not many people know that , someone screenshot a pic of me in a bathing suit ew.
    *displays a look of confusion*
Officer this comment right here.
She might have used the screen capture feature and got the pic from the video.
LOL.
"N-no wait!
P-please don't put me in your cringe compila-"

*Snap*
This makes me want to downvote just on principle, but I won’t even though it hurts.
[deleted]
I think they updated it and that still gives a notification, rip secret screenshot techniques.
[deleted]
Modern society was *a mistake*
Bruh, I don’t use Snapchat and didn’t realize this was a Snapchat pic.
D E L E T E.
You can use that screen capture feature on the Samsung phones and it won't notify them.
I forgot what it's called, but it's the one you can swipe in from the side of your phone.
OwO.
You've made me envy blind people.
They might have known lol.
I just GAGGED.
Okay then.
I'm done.
Goodbye.
Please stop I'm begging you.
This is a chicken wing.
Wana know a little trick that I use for snap?
Just open your open apps tab (now idk if this works on android) and just take a screenshot of the tab.
U see a lot of the convo and u can move it up and down and hold it in place while positioning the tab.
No notification on their end.
I dont know if it works with pictures too but I would imagine it does.
I have someone who screen shots every single picture of my dog.
Uh did you call them out on it.
I'd like to think he broke character and just said "yo why you screenshotting shit my mans"
God that makes me feel physically unwell.
You can screen capture on Android using capture plus and it won't alert.
Officer down!
That's just cute.
Every single one though?
That’s a lot of pictures of my dog.
Where is she keeping them?
I know lots of people who stockpile friend's pet pics.
That one?
With fire.
What did it say previously.
He was bragging about all the times he’s had to screenshot snaps from his gf’s friends that were getting too flirty with him, there were another two paragraphs originally.
Or just use a video screen recorder, snapchat doesn't pick up on those.
Save the video, play it and take a screenshot of that.
None the wiser.
I would do this anytime my girlfriend at the time spilled info about things she likes or might want, so I could surprise her with them and she'd be amazed how I "remembered" those details from months ago.
The only reason I clicked on the comments was to find out why the UI was so weird.
Thank you fellow adult for prying the information from the millennials.
This is a bucket.
I want to downvote this so bad.
**puts hands in pocket and looks down at floor**OwO.
No i just unfriended him , he was a coworker till he got fired.
Funny enough like 2 years later he wanted to grab drinks, he said he had a crush on me when we used to work together lol I declined told him i was more on the gay side now.
No this is Patrick.
[deleted]
I was not sure where this was going but boy was it wholesome.
Good boyfriend, very good.
Makes me wish mine had social media.
Send backup, we underestimated the sheer amount of cancer in this post.
Get EPA on the line stat.
[Woah dude](https://i.imgur.com/XHBa71T.jpg)
Fuck dude.
Even if you use a 3rd party screen-capture app?
Never even thought about that, much more effective 👌.
Snapchat DOES count screen recordings (at least the built-in one on iPhone) as screenshots.
My SO found this out the hard way trying to screenshot some cringy shit.
Angriest upvote I've ever given.
Someone somewhere is being catfished with pictures of your dog...
I heard snapchat works very differently between ios and android, plus I used a 3rd party screen recorder, nothing native.
Perhaps that's what made the difference?
Good call!
I bet so.
There's a lot of screen recording apps out there.
Kill snapchat, start recording, open snapchat and then go to messages or watch that lewd snapstory picture.
DL to computer and just take one frame.
Yeah gotta use private screen shot app so they never know.
Uh huh yeah, totally not for those nudes you promised you wouldn't screenshot.
r/evenwithcontext.
This is a repost so OP won’t be able to answer you I’m afraid as they are karma whoring.
Nah she was very devout and wanted to wait for marriage, which I was fine with.
*sigh*
#Knack two baybee.
”Sowwy”?
Yeah, sounding like a baby is what gets girls going.
”Man, he sounds just like a baby.
I want to hump his brains out.”.
you mean hwump.
Maybe they're acting like Kevin from The Office and trying to make them lactate?
"I wanna suck that baby dick so bad."
WAHHHH.
That made my whole body revulse.
Some words should never be written.
Dont worry, hes actually a 10,000 year old dragon trapped in the body of a 4 year old.
I just do not understand where this comes from.
They are all doing the same thing so they must be getting the idea from somewhere.
What could possibly make a man think this is attractive to women.
Please stop.
[deleted]
Ugh it really taps into my motherhood instincts 😩 these men, or should I say boys, really know how to get to a woman through her biological nature 😏😏.
It him, Officer.
Sowwy.... *for being so direct*.
Yeah, direct is "hey you want to grab a beer sometime?"
I remember that this is a reference to some weird shit but can't remember what it is.
r/nocontext.
PEASANT.
r/evenwithcontext.
Honestly, "do you have a boyfriend" is pretty direct.
:( you don’t like me.
Bwains*
Oof OwO.
People just make up thses things that look like references.
Don’t they?
Heh, like that time Hoopyfrood pretended he was dead to get out of a marriage to Helen of Troy.
Heh.
Otherkin, a whole other level of uncomfortable.
[deleted]
Don't worry, I'm a grown man and my ex would slip into babygirl mode and talk like that on occasion.
Made me go into super protective dad mode instantly.
This feels like early 2000's chat room speak, and even then it was weird, but more common than it is now.
It's a reference to excuses made for loli porn.
Yep thats what it was.
One of the more disturbing things I learned about on Reddit.
Y do lot leter wen lil letr do trik.
I'm uh I'm calling the cops.
No.
Stop 🛑 ✋ I can 🙌 only 😰 get so 😫erect🍆.
Something something, you’re on a list.
“&gt;:(“.
Hwump is the sound I make when I roll out of the bathtub.
*Ewekt.
Pwease.
Unfortunately, not a case of r/BrandNewSentence.
Do you mean *pwease*?
this comment is cringe.
Whelp... Now you're on a list.
Imagine this out of context...

Summary: 
I just do not understand where this comes from.
I want to downvote this so bad.
Awe I made people upset :(
When you screenshot, it notifies them.
I want to hump his brains out.”.
I dont know if it works with pictures too but I would imagine it does.
I was not sure where this was going but boy was it wholesome.
One of the more disturbing things I learned about on Reddit.
Uh did you call them out on it.
Screenshotting text notifies the other party?
Hwump is the sound I make when I roll out of the bathtub.
There's a lot of screen recording apps out there.
”Man, he sounds just like a baby.
People just make up thses things that look like references.
Wana know a little trick that I use for snap?
I have someone who screen shots every single picture of my dog.
Yeah, sounding like a baby is what gets girls going.
I know lots of people who stockpile friend's pet pics.
Officer this comment right here.
I forgot what it's called, but it's the one you can swipe in from the side of your phone.
"I wanna suck that baby dick so bad."
Yep thats what it was.
That’s a lot of pictures of my dog.
