Original Response: 
Romans 7:7 

'What shall we say, then?
Is the law sinful?
Certainly not!
Nevertheless, I would not have known what sin was had it not been for the law.
For I would not have known what coveting really was if the law had not said, "You shall not covet."'
The OT is not 'irrelevant', we are just not bound by the Law of Moses, and are now under the Law of Grace.
But as Paul says, the Laws of the OT are still morally important.
There is also much wisdom to be learned from the OT too.
So, what about the Gays?
So homosexual activity (like all sexual immorality) is just as much a sin as it was in the OT.
Does this mean that gays deserve death?
Just as God commanded.
Abraham found favour or grace with God but still obeyed God.
Noah found favour with God but still obeyed him.
Yeshua’s entire teaching was return to God and obey his commands because the reign of God is soon.
You're not answering the question.
Should Christians kill gays if the OT is relevant still?
[removed]
Now imagine if every one of the Christians were as momentarily honest as you!
The world would be a very different place.
Lots of Christians are honest and do not hold to my worldview, and would rather cling to the worldview of modernism instead.
So do not think that those Christians are dishonest.
I wasn’t responding to your original post, but I can still answer your question:

The United States is not Israel, Canada is not Israel, Brazil is not Israel, Germany is not Israel, France is not Israel, There is only one Israel and its the nation it is today.
In Israel, you’re damn right it’s still relevant to kill homosexual men because God condemned it.
Most Christians don’t live in Israel, that’s the nation where Orthodox Jews live and other Jews.
I’m Messianic though.
[removed]
I removed this, although I will be honest I am not entirely sure if that was what I should do.
I would be fine if another mod approved.
I am pretty sure you are in the right.
From what I have seen in this sub, even simply sharing that one supports anti-sodomy laws falls under bigotry.
Seems a bit of an overreach, but hey, what can ya do.
well, it is certainly okay to argue that you think being gay is a sin and giving all the biblical arguments and church history arguments etc.
However I am not entirely sure if a line as crossed with the death as punishment part.
We want the sub to be welcoming to everyone.
Hard to feel welcome if someone is advocating that you be killed.
You literally just said that death should be the punishment for homosexuality.
Removing that is not an overreach.
In fact I’m pretty sure that violates Reddit’s rules, not just this sub’s.
&gt; We want the sub to be welcoming to everyone.
That's the paradox of tolerance isn't it?
One cannot tolerate all things, because intolerance is inherently not tolerated.
&gt;Hard to feel welcome if someone is advocating that you be killed

It is an unfortunate situation.
But I am not typing to ever rainbow flag flair in this sub that I want them dead or anything.
I try to be as respectful as possible when it does get brought up, but I suppose the subject matter is inherently difficult to make respectful eh?
But no matter, I understand the situation.
This is a warning, for reasons that should be obvious.
I think you are right it is a bit of a paradox.
Wanting to be welcoming to all but then there is the question of who will welcome those are maybe making others feel unwelcome?
Thank you for understanding.
Thank you for trying to be respectful.
I've seen you around and I want you to feel welcome here too.
This is only a suggestion, I know you only say something if it is brought up, but I think there may be ways for you to advocate the position of homosexuality being a sin differently.
I know it's a delicate tightrope to walk not always knowing exactly where the line is (although you did sense you had crossed it here).
I don't want you to feel like there isn't space for you here.
I wonder whether that means one cannot advocate for the death penalty at all?
Some people think death should be the penalty for all manner of crimes.
I wonder whether it is against Reddit rules to advocate for the death penalty?
No, you can.
But I am wondering if a case like this is different.
But I might be wrong for removing it.
Thank you.
I really appreciate you having this dialogue with me.
Excellent work your doing.
From what I can tell you did the right thing according to the sub's rules.
I suppose the rules themselves are silly.
To whit: 

This is fine 

- I think murder should be a crime 
- I think murder should be a crime punishable by death.
This is not fine:

- I think homosexual acts should be a crime 
- I think homosexual acts should be a crime punishable by death.
I don't think there is a really cogent argument as to why one is fine and one is not, aside from 'the latter riles people up'.
Which begs the obvious question - if the sub were to receive an influx of murderers against the death penalty, would we change the rules so that the former is also not allowed?
Just an interesting brain teaser.
We all deserve death.
Everyone does, for we've all sinned, and the wages of sin is death.
Praise God, He offers us better than we deserve.
As you might imagine, saying "I deserve death" is different from saying "God wants you over there to give me what I deserve right now."
Sometimes He does send people to do that, like He sent the Babylonians to judge Israel - but that isn't a command from Him; it's merely His orchestrating events.
And when they were acting out of greed or other bad motives, He judges them in their turn.
Now, there was one point on Earth when God set up a specific government with rules telling people to punish some sins in some certain ways.
That was ancient Israel; the rules are part of the Law of Moses.
That has since passed away.
Jesus refused to impose those punishments in John 8, and we - who are no longer under that covenant - should definitely not do so now.
Thank you for being understanding.
Reddit specifically restricts calling for the death of LGBT people en masse.
That’s what that person was saying he’d like to see.
I think there is validity to your argument.
I am one of the newest and least active mods so I can't speak for anyone but myself but I think the difference between homosexual acts and murder and why it would be okay to advocate for the death penalty of one and not the other is because nobody is in disagreement that murder is immoral and murder is a crime against others while homosexual acts have consent from all parties.
But yes it is an interesting brain teaser.
Sure.
It just seems weird that one can argue for the death penalty for some things but not others.
But it's 2018 I guess and inconsistency rules the world...
Maybe because calling for the persecution and genocide of people who are attracted to the same sex is completely different than advocating for the death penalty for murderers and rapists.
But given you seem to be defending the idea of mass murder of gays, I’m guessing you disagree.
Sigh.
I don't even agree with the death penalty.
I merely make the argument that it's weird that one can advocate for the death penalty for some things but not others.
This is predicated on the assumption that the argument made was for the death penalty, not for some extra judicial killing.
It's a bit difficult when comments are removed so we have to discuss in the abstract.
This sub bans homophobia, and Reddit as a whole bans the advocacy of genocide.
The person who originally commented advocated for the death penalty for all homosexuals.
Such would fall under the definition of genocide.
Their comment is not only grounds for a ban from this subreddit, but also grounds for having their profile deleted.
Again, there is a difference between MURDER and gay sex.
If you think there isn’t, I can’t help you.
[removed]
Again, we are talking in the absence of the comment, which was deleted, so it's difficult.
You and I may think there is a difference between murder and homosexual acts.
Many do not.
It seems weird that I can say "I think those found guilty of murder should receive the death penalty" but I can't say "I think those found guilty of homosexual acts should receive the death penalty".
I mean, I don't think either should receive the death penalty but if you can't see the inherent inconsistencies between the response to the above, I can't help you.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
&gt; You and I may think there is a difference between murder and homosexual acts.
Many do not

And those people who do not are psychopathd who by every means necessary should be put on a list and monitored by law enforcement.
&gt; “I think those found guilty of murder should receive the death penalty" but I can't say "I think those found guilty of homosexual acts should receive the death penalty".
Would you defend my ability to say all people found believing in Christianity should be castrated and hung from cranes?
Doing so would also be against the rules of this subreddit.
Don’t like it?
Go to r/truechristian.
They love talking about their dreams of mass murdering homosexuals there.
&gt; I mean, I don't think either should receive the death penalty but if you can't see the inherent inconsistencies between the response to the above, I can't help you.
If you can’t see the difference between homosexuality and literal murder, I suggest you seek counseling.
[removed]
You obviously have some issues - I hope things improve for you.
[removed]
I’m sorry, I just don’t like people calling for me to be executed.
I’d bet you’d feel the same.
[removed]
I'm a libertarian, so I don't care what you say.
No because Jesus died for them.

Summary: 
I think there is validity to your argument.
I am pretty sure you are in the right.
I suppose the rules themselves are silly.
I think you are right it is a bit of a paradox.
I don't even agree with the death penalty.
But I might be wrong for removing it.
Removing that is not an overreach.
I really appreciate you having this dialogue with me.
You and I may think there is a difference between murder and homosexual acts.
But no matter, I understand the situation.
Nevertheless, I would not have known what sin was had it not been for the law.
But I am wondering if a case like this is different.
Some people think death should be the penalty for all manner of crimes.
I wonder whether it is against Reddit rules to advocate for the death penalty?
&gt; You and I may think there is a difference between murder and homosexual acts.
So do not think that those Christians are dishonest.
Does this mean that gays deserve death?
You literally just said that death should be the punishment for homosexuality.
If you think there isn’t, I can’t help you.
