Original Response: 
the women's fights are all pretty solid on this card imo.
Valentina probably demanded all kinds of assurances in case Nicco falls out.
She's been talking about how that's her main worry all that time.
So UFC booked a bunch of top 115ers in same card in case something happens to either of them.
I guess Andrade is first in line?
Yeah, they still decided not to put three of them on the PPV as it was planned at first.
Andrade-Shevchenko sounds sick, hope we see that eventually.
[deleted]
Yeah and I kinda liked it when they had the three of them lined up one after the other.
Having a men's fight between each of them just throws me off and and makes the women's fights feel less exciting.
Also I'm not sure they should put Esparza-Suarez in the prelims, to me that's more interesting than Alhassan-Price, and Zabit-Davis isn't nearly as much of a drawl without Yair, I would prefer either of them to go to the prelims tbh.
Hoping to see that instead of Montano.
Nicco and Valentina are 125?
So the 115 women’s fights don’t have any correlation to whether or not Nicco drops out...why would any of those 115 women step up last minute to fight a 125 woman who used to be a 135er.
That seems frivolous.
Andrade used to fight up at 135 and while she still looked solid there, her height and stature made the kind of success she’s had at 115 impossible.
For Andrade her eye is on the path to belt in the division where she’s ridiculously dominant.
The rest is just unnecessary risk.
&gt;why would any of those 115 women step up last minute to fight a 125 woman

​

Because the 125 belt will be on the line.
If Nicco drops out, she will probably get stripped and Valentina will fight any of the willing participants for the then vacant 125 belt.
They booked the lot of them to make sure at least somebody would be willing, and I'm sure most of them will once the belt is on line.
Or it's gonna be an interim belt for 125, but who are we kidding, they are gonna strip Nicco should she get hurt again.
Or if Val drops out, they will still get a championship fight with any of the 115s with Nicco, I'm sure they would all be game.
I know it's 115ers not 125ers that they filled that card with.
But truth is that 125 is still not developed enough to get much interesting backup options, while 115 has bunch of names fans know and could become more interested about vs Valentina

​.
I'm honestly pretty hyped for Esparza-Suarez it's one of the fights I'm anticipating the most.

Summary: 
Nicco and Valentina are 125?
the women's fights are all pretty solid on this card imo.
I guess Andrade is first in line?
