Original Response: 
It’s something about people on wheels they don’t like.
Maybe because they appear bigger or faster?
I walk everywhere and only ever been swooped once in my life.
They take a dislike to specific people and remember them for generations.
I wonder if the speed and wearing a helmet has something to do with it?
I've never been swooped walking, I've been swooped loads on my bike and I've only been swooped on skates while going fast and with a helmet on.
If I'm skating slowly, no helmet they leave me alone.
If I get off my bike and take my helmet off, they leave me alone.
They're songbirds with communication calls.
They'll tell their babies about you with warning songs and warn their neighbours that you're coming...
But if you feed them, they'll spread the word that 'This is a good bloke/shiela' you'll get left alone for a fair distance, over a few territories and generations.
That woooooolooolooloooooo Looolloolllloolloooo song is their 'Danger Around' song, and if you hear it, keep an eye out and plan on taking some bacon next time you pass that particular maggie territory.
Heh, I was wondering why maggies in a territory I don't normally walk in seemed to be expecting a treat from me.
Maybe they heard the neighbours talking about the quality of my dried lamb heart.
They actually *did*.
Magpies get a bad rep for their aggression, but they are *smart* and talk to each other.
I thought that, but then that *one* magpie near my old house, despite all my previous years of good will with maggie-kind decided they weren't buying it and I was clearly out to do them wrong and would relentlessly attack me for the whole 2-3 km of road from the bus stop to my house.
Never had a problem with one before or since but that one just didn't like the cut of my jib at all, no wheels involved at any point.
I live in an area with a bunch of magpies, but also a bunch of old cunts.
e.g.
the retired biddie next door feeds the birds of the neighbourhood every day at four, like clockwork.
Never been swooped up here.
The oldies have basically navigated a peace treaty.
I was swooped every day on the walk home from school past the local park.
My offence?
I was moving in their vicinity.
I tend to think the same thing.
My daughter has been swooped when riding her scooter and bike but not while walking.
It's either the helmet or the speed or both.
It's the helmet.
Just means that someone on a bike previously has done something to spook them and all they see is the bike.
Ok fine, i'm going to let you all in on a big secret as to how to deal with these birds.
First of all it's a fucking bird, you are bigger than this bird, don't be afraid of them, it's not a poisonous snake or a shark, it's a little bird, made out of feathers and cartilage.
Next thing to know, these birds attack in spring time and that's not when they are protecting their young, it's when they are on heat and trying to impress their bitches.
(I might be wrong about that but who cares, it makes no difference to the next point).
Alright, here is what you do.
When you see one of these birds eyeing you off getting ready to have a go at you, or if you got one already attacking you **STOP** ,stop what your'e doing, get off your bike, stop running, turn around and look that fucker directly in the eye and say with all your confidence - FUCK OFF, fuck off or I will fucking destroy you and all your bird family and friends, this is your first and last warning, don't fuck with me -

Rule your ground, keep your head high and chest out and keep looking it in the eye, point your finger at it while your saying this stuff, let it know you mean business, let it know that you are the dominant species.
Take a few steps towards it with a fucking mean look on your face, just let the fucker know who's boss.
Walk or ride away a bit and then stop and go back to it again saying stuff like 'I'm not joking, don;t fuck with me bird' etc etc.
Ok, you get the point, don't use violence and throw stuff at it, just let it feel your ferocious human energy.
I started doing this about 20 years ago, did it for about a year or two and never had a bird swoop on me since.
In 1998 I burnt into the next generation of birds exactly where I stand and where they stand in this world, I am the mega alpha magpie and I dominate the flock, cause that's what it is right, it's a spring time dominance game that you will never win if you keep running or riding away from them.
You want them to stop attacking you then you need to stop and assert dominance over them, once you have they will tell their children and their children will tell their children and so on until the end of time.
Sure maybe every blue moon you might get one eyeing you off thinking about having a swoop at you, but you'll just have to give them one mean look to remind them who the fuck you are and they quickly reconsider.
Use some of that 'Say my name' shit on them.
That's it, try it out and I guarantee if you do it right you'll spend the rest of your life bird free.
But don't ever try it on Lions or Crocodiles or any of those other massive animals that can rip your head off, cause that would just be stupid.
This comment deserves more, I’m fucking crying.
Looking directly at an oncoming, angry magpie is a good way to lose an eye.
Please tell me this works.
/r/iamverybadass.
The magpie near my place has started attacking me head on.
Your advice is just going to get me killed.
This has the potential to be awesome copypasta.
Nah they don't swoop head on.
They'll pull out mid swoop if you turn around and look at them.
I've even heard putting sunglasses on the back of your head can put them off but never tried it myself.
This works if you have a Full-Faced Helmet on.
Yeah I've heard that too but viscerally remember from childhood little Jackie from down the street running home screaming with a bleeding eyeball (it was just the skin around her eye but 9 yr old me had an imagination).
She ended up with a scratched cornea and had to wear an eye patch for a bit.
The other kids spread rumours the magpie had plucked out her eyeball and swallowed it whole.
If your theory about them doing it as a display of dominance is true, this would make all the males look bad and they probably wouldn't get laid.
I wouldn't wanna cock block a Magpie.
Anyone else panic when they read 1998?
A little bit..
This advice was actually posted by a maggie.
I beg to differ:
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-10-13/magpie-attack-leaves-rockhampton-girl-blind-in-one-eye/7929550.
[Just fly away.
](https://static1.squarespace.com/static/588215b1c534a5d607b87f74/t/59e0fdb432601eb8eb587bb0/1507917241059/Split+Minutes.Still035.jpg)
I was thinking something like [this](https://www.slv.vic.gov.au/sites/default/files/styles/feature_image/public/cropped-ned.jpg?itok=CtCaAdkV)
The getting off and stopping part sure does... other than that well I normally just put my hands on my head and they fuck off.

Summary: 
Never been swooped up here.
I was moving in their vicinity.
Nah they don't swoop head on.
I tend to think the same thing.
I was thinking something like [this](https://www.slv.vic.gov.au/sites/default/files/styles/feature_image/public/cropped-ned.jpg?itok=CtCaAdkV)
I walk everywhere and only ever been swooped once in my life.
I beg to differ:
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-10-13/magpie-attack-leaves-rockhampton-girl-blind-in-one-eye/7929550.
I wonder if the speed and wearing a helmet has something to do with it?
If I get off my bike and take my helmet off, they leave me alone.
This works if you have a Full-Faced Helmet on.
