Original Response: 
So, made in china, shipped tp the usa, sold in AU.
Yup, stuff here ain’t gonna get cheaper :p.
Apple products are shipped here directly from China, though.
If the US tariff causes prices here to rise it’ll be just pure opportunism on Apple’s part.
Honestly I dont see why they wouldn’t, we are already charged more than the exchange rate.
Adobe, MS.. ect, all taken infront of the senate and gave shit replies and still charge a hefty shit price.
Apple sells $1500 phones that cost $300 to make and you are worried about the last 10%?
Apple sells its products at a reasonable price in Australia compared with the US price if you account for GST and the exchange rate.
e.g.
IPhone X: $999 USD.
$1579 AUD.
999 * 1.1 = 1098.9.
Convert to AUD = $1545 at today's exchange rate.
That's only $34 difference, but considering exchange rates fluctuate, that's not bad at all.
I was talking software, not hardware.
I’m already aware of their hardware prices, i also used to work at apple.
[removed]
They will jack the price then once all this bs is over they wont drop the price as the market has dictated that's what people will buy.
Fkn yeah America.
American prices don't include tax.
I know.
My calculation only added GST and converted.
They definitely don't cost $300 to make.
I'd say between 300-450 USD for the iPhone X.
The bill of materials maybe.
The rest of the world can still trade freely and thats more than 90% of world population.
Thats what surprises me in all this, my market is 'rest of the world' I don't give two shits about the USA, and only at the behest of them because everyone trades in USD.
(and ounces) :P.
The new 6.5 inch iPhone XS Max with 512GB storage will sell for around $3,000 (just an estimate).
Why wouldn't Apple do something like that in reverse though?
Made in China, ship to Australia, sold in the US?
He meant US Sales tax.
So when you add US Sales tax, as per your example, to their price depending on state) we get it cheaper.
Maybe they could ship it to their Irish subsidiary?
I mean, that's where they pay most of their tax, isn't it?
Yep, it's less than 300usd apparently.
There's no one real "costing" of a phone.
You can break it down to individual components, but really you also need to factor in R&amp;D, man hours (including training), marketing etc.
And the software.
If I went to China, spent $300 to buy all the components to make an iPhone (assuming economy of scale/bulk purchase doesn't come into this price as well, which of course it does), downloaded some free mobile OS, I would still be sitting at my table facing a jumbled pile of arcane electronic bits, with no mobile.
Obviously they make a *generous* margin on the phones they sell.
Obviously the phone doesn't cost $1450 and  they  sell it for $1500.
And obviously we get screwed for extra margin here in Australia whether the dollar is up or down.
But if it really cost $300 to make a phone equivalent to the iPhone, we would all be buying $350 iPhone equivalents from Kogan.
I agree.
Especially with Apple, who have an extensive retail arm.
Apple traditionally *do* drop prices when things like the Australian dollar increase in value.
When it was at parity with the U.S., songs and apps on iTunes and the App Store were cheaper ($0.99 AUD, as opposed to $1.19.
Same applies for their hardware.
They tend to do this with all regions, at least, that’s what I noticed when I was selling apps to various regions and money was coming back as AUD.
Yeah but the dollar will tank too brah.
was as for 6s though.
We're up to 10 now.
Case and point.
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2018-09-10/australian-dollar-hits-new-low-below-71-us-cents/10220740.

Summary: 
American prices don't include tax.
I was talking software, not hardware.
They definitely don't cost $300 to make.
Obviously they make a *generous* margin on the phones they sell.
Made in China, ship to Australia, sold in the US?
Apple products are shipped here directly from China, though.
I mean, that's where they pay most of their tax, isn't it?
Obviously the phone doesn't cost $1450 and  they  sell it for $1500.
