Original Response: 
1 Thou shalt HODL

2 Thou shalt not keep coins on exchange

3 Thou shalt buy the dip

4 Thou shalt not FOMO

5 Thou shalt not spread FUD

6 Thou shalt research before investing

7 Thou shalt not pump

8 Thou shalt scream TO THE MOON!!!!
9 Thou shalt know that your keys your bitcoins, not your keys not your bitcoins

10 Lambo.
Thou shalt spend and replace.
Nope.
You can, if you like, but I won't.
Why are you against spending BTC if you are replacing it at the same fiat cost?
(serious)
Just because.
I was about to say "because then you would have less BTC" and then all of a sudden it clicked and my mind was blown :-p  I may just start doing this!
More places need to accept though.
So everyone holds their BTC close, and that's it?
Agreed!
More places need to accept it, but then you need to do your part and spend it!
In the meantime, you can use [Purse.io](https://Purse.io) to spend your BTC and get \~20% off items from Amazon that you are already buying anyways.
Well, here's my thing about places like that - there are several places that allow you to swap your crypto for gift cards in a roundabout way of buying "anything" with crypto, but in my opinion they don't do anything for adoption.
Someone who starts a company exchanging crypto for gift cards is clearly already deep into the crypto space and doesn't need any more convincing.
And all those places that accept the gift cards (AMZN etc) are not exposed to the crypto at all, and for them it's business as usual.
One thing I did do to make a difference with adoption, however, is link my Lightning Network node to [THESE GUYS](https://www.walgreens.com/store/c/fleet-childrens-pedia-lax-liquid-glycerin-laxative-suppositories/ID=prod3946476-product?ext=gooKBM_PLA_-_Health_Care&amp;pla&amp;adtype=pla&amp;kpid=sku3945325&amp;sst=a94c7a93-f412-4307-85e8-719d5a03c78e&amp;gclid=Cj0KCQjwlqLdBRCKARIsAPxTGaX49p9DII8Rzz6DomlHzzwZcEnmezIjjwN2HkBSSpqnIMrmnf3K3rAaAqXvEALw_wcB) who run a cafe that accepts Bitcoin payments via Lightning Network!
I agree with you, and that’s why I said “in the meantime...”

Really, paying directly with BTC is best.
I thought I had clearly implied that :)
You may have; I don't often pay attention 😁.
You always lose some money this way to transaction costs.
It's better to leave your bitcoin untouched and just spend fiat.
If other people want bitcoin, they can go to the exchange and pay the spread for themselves.
I'm not a charity.
Only sell or spend bitcoin when you absolutely have to.
Hoarde it!
Recognise its value.
If others want some of my sweet, sweet bitcoin then they had better offer me an exceptional value proposition.
Nah.
It's your loss.
By hoarding you're hurting your investment.
If you want bitcoin to grow there needs to be demand.
By hoarding your bitcoin you're not stimulating the bitcoin economy but rather holding it back.
You're hurting your own precious investment.
The more merchants experience customers using Bitcon or expressing a desire to use it the quicker adoption occurs creating more demand and higher prices for bitcoin.
Everytime I spend my bitcoin I'll replace with a larger amount so that way I'm constantly accumulating more in addition to my regular intervals.
In fact, because I spend and replace, I'm accumulating faster than you are and therefore growing my wealth quicker than you.
You're completely wrong.
Prices are established through supply and demand.
If more people are trying to sell or spend their bitcoin, they will depress the price.
You will buy more after spending some?
Well, you'll end up with less bitcoin than me because you incur higher transaction costs.
If you prefer waste money on transaction costs associated with buying and selling, go right ahead with your futile plan.
Lmao you really don't understand how this works.
I understand better than you do.
You're a chump.
Oh well.
I'll just go on holding out until I feel like diversifying or treating myself.
You'll go on churning coin and wasting money.
Lmao.
You have no idea how this works.

Summary: 
Thou shalt spend and replace.
You will buy more after spending some?
I understand better than you do.
You can, if you like, but I won't.
Only sell or spend bitcoin when you absolutely have to.
If you want bitcoin to grow there needs to be demand.
Why are you against spending BTC if you are replacing it at the same fiat cost?
