Original Response: 
Previous post: https://old.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/9ezo04/me_35_f_with_my_husband_39_mf_18_years_my_father/

We decided to put the issue of accepting a down payment on hold because we may be moving in a year or two!
While my husband was initially very against moving to a more affordable location away from his paradise, he has given it serious consideration, and is now on board with certain conditions.
Namely, I deal with my depression issues prior to moving.
He spoke to someone he respects who did something similar for his wife (life long surfer whose entire career revolved around surfing moved away from the ocean because of his wife).
I wasn't in on the conversation, but the jist of it was he told my husband he got over a decade of playtime and living his dream life while I supported him and now it's time for my husband to do something to support me (emotionally).
It may be awhile before we can move and it's still not 100%, but I feel much better knowing that my husband does care and is willing put aside his desires for me.
Overall, this made me love my husband even more and I am very lucky to have him.
**Tl;dr: turns out communicating priorities and needs to a partner actually works!
**
I get that you love him OP, but I can’t help but feel like your getting played.
Everything I’ve read so far indicates that you blame yourself for everything and allow him to leech off of you.
The only reason he has made a “compromise”  (if you can even call it that) is because he realizes there is an ever so slight chance for him to lose his free income.
I mean your essentially paying for his dream life, having an open relationship, and blaming yourself for everything so he doesn’t have any guilt.
&gt; I have come up with a way to "protect" my husband from my Dad "protecting" me.
Essentially, it will ensure if my Husband and I divorce (which I can't imagine) my husband will be legally entitled to half the house and I'll be the only one my Dad can go after for the loan.
Unpopular opinion, but I agree.
I read the original post just now and this part stood up.
Seems she is more concerned with protecting him and keeping him happy and comfortable in life than she is really about protecting herself.
Her own family is willing to help her by putting 100k down while she will likely pay for the rest, but she is more worried he won't get half of a house he won't really put a cent into if he ever finds a better piggy bank even if it means screwing her own father.
And he is now only going along with it not because he is worried this job is stressing and slowly killing you or this will be a better financial decision for your future together, but because some other person had to remind him he is going to lose his nice comfortable life otherwise.
She might be the main breadwinner.
But they are not a a team, his needs will always come first.
Op your father is not being offencive, he is protecting the family money HE worked hard for!
As any person should.
As you should know better than anyone.
This is EXACTLY what I was thinking when I read the OP and the update.
The husband is living in paradise while OP is the one working her ass off.
Then her husband throws a tantrum because why?
Her dad wanting to financially protect the $100,000 **he’s** spending.
Now all of a sudden he’s onboard but you have to wait a couple years?
How much does anyone wanna bet that after 2 years are up, he’s going to come up with some other dumbass excuse for not moving?
i agree with this.
i can’t shake off this uncomfortable feeling after having read both the original and updated post that OP’s husband is a a leech.
but who am i to judge, i guess.
i don’t know OP or her husband, and a few reddit posts aren’t nearly enough to portray a balanced picture of their relationship.
You put into words everything that went through my mind, so I didn’t even feel the need to reply other than to second this.
So many red flags.
OP also mentioned they have an open relationship on top of everything (which I am going to guess /he/ is the only one benefiting from considering I doubt OP has much free time for anything).
Which makes even more sense why the hell her father doesn't want to hand 100k to this dude without protecting himself.
He is watching a man who barely works, spends all day at the beach surfing, fucking other women or traveling while his daughter is in therapy for depression working miserable long hours in a job she hates so she can pay for her husband's lifestyle.
If I was her father I would hate her husband too tbh.
I feel for Op.
This dude is one day going to find a better golden goose or a "newer" model and Op is going to regret not listening to her father.
But sadly some people need to hit rock bottom before they realise they have allowed themselves to be used.
Also, Taking the lower paying job to follow your dream isn’t something to look down upon...however, if my partner was the one who was sacrificing so I could live out my dream, I would do everything in my power to try to make up for that...but this sounds like everything is on HIS terms with some serious gaslighting.
Plus the “I’ll sacrifice my optimum living area for you (which you pay for) IF you fix your depression” just was the icing on the cake.
Sounds incredibly selfish and like he is blaming her.
Her tone between the 2 posts has really done a 180 turn.
I feel like the commentors here are split between those reading the update only, and those who read all the comments on the last post.
I completely agree.
We have had many posts here where a partner does this.
But you can still see they are a team.
But in this case it is pretty obvious that only her husband is really benefiting from this arrangement and has zero interest in taking into account all his wife is doing and sacrificing for him.
Op's entire world revolves around making sure he is happy and taken care off at the cost of her own needs.
They got together when she was 17/18 and he was already 21/22, it makes me wonder if this is the dynamic he sort of "groomed" her into if he was her first serious relationship.
After reading both posts, it sounds to me like the father sees the divorce on the horizon, which sadly OP doesn't understand.
I imagine in a few years we'll get another update "so we're divorced now and I have no home because hubby bled me dry".
It also seems like she only listened to people telling her the husband was right...
OP is delightfully deluded.
The depression helps with rationalizing unhealthy life choices.
Op is also not going to make any progress with her depression as long as she has to continue to work a 60+ at a job she hates so her husband can sit at home all day.
It is just not going to happen.
Which is probably why he picked that as his "compromise" to moving.
I mean he even has her seen his own therapist.
[removed]
[removed]
You are on point bud.
Oh, absolutely.
And she continues to ignore how badly this impacts her overall health.
Her husband probably doesn't mind working her into an early grave.
&gt;  Her husband probably doesn't mind working her into an early grave.
Sad but true.
He already knows she is willing to financially screw herself over in case of a divorce for his sake.
So I doubt he cares how this job is eating her away as long as he gets to surf all day in nice sunny beaches and bang whoever he wants with her seal of approval.
Hopefully she will take her dad's help then.
I can’t even comprehend the fact that she is worried he might get nothing or the most outstanding part of that is that he is getting worried that he might get nothing out of that deal.
I don’t know their relationship and I’m just a person on the internet but that doesn’t sound okay to me.
You have to look out for yourself, if you’re paying for the house then it’s yours.
"They are not a team"

THIS!
Marriage or partnerships are a team game.
I'm glad I'm not the only one getting such a bad impression of this relationship.
I feel so sad for op, I really hope iv got the wrong impression of her partner but there are a few red flags to me and yes I really didn't like the whole depression before move and the sense he's trying to pacify her.
Are you truly happy OP, ask yourself totally honestly.
Write down 5 things you love about your husband and 5 things you don't (for the love of got don't let him see this!).
What works and doesn't work in your relationship?
Can things be worked on, does he treat you well?
Sorry op.
100% this, dude must be laughing all the way to the laundry room every day thinking how lucky he is, whilst he bangs other women, travels the world, surfs and gets to live in an amazing house paid mostly by his girlfriend and all he has to do is do a bit of writing around the world and some housework.
Christ no wonder her dad is protective over the money.
Reddit marriage therapists strike again.

Summary: 
Unpopular opinion, but I agree.
I mean he even has her seen his own therapist.
Overall, this made me love my husband even more and I am very lucky to have him.
I read the original post just now and this part stood up.
This is EXACTLY what I was thinking when I read the OP and the update.
The husband is living in paradise while OP is the one working her ass off.
If I was her father I would hate her husband too tbh.
&gt; I have come up with a way to "protect" my husband from my Dad "protecting" me.
It is just not going to happen.
What works and doesn't work in your relationship?
I get that you love him OP, but I can’t help but feel like your getting played.
Then her husband throws a tantrum because why?
Her husband probably doesn't mind working her into an early grave.
