Original Response: 
[removed]
I hear people in the comments saying it's depression.
That's not your problem.
Even if HER life is miserable, it doesn't give her an excuse to make YOUR life miserable.
She's taking advantage of you, she's making your life hard and she's not doing anything to assist you in any way.
She's making it difficult and irritating to live with you, and gives you nothing in return.
You said she had a degree?
Shes always been responsible?
She can support herself, and she's already proven it.
Your sister is using you because she's too lazy to take responsibility for her own life and actions.
It's not equivalent to taking care of someone who can't take care of themselves, because she definitely can.
She just doesn't want to.
You should not have to conform to her needs when you are granting her the privilege of living with YOU, in YOUR house, eating YOUR food, and snapping at YOU when you ask her to clean up.
Cleaning up?
She can't even do that?
You need to be firm with her and tell her she needs to get a job or you're not supporting her horrible lifestyle.
Absolutely.
Doesn't OP have a right to be upset when the food he is working hard for vanishes, and the apartment he is paying rent for looks like a pigpen?
I also think it is very wrong to assign a label of depression to every failure.
There are people with depression who are very productive, and you wouldn't know it by looking at them.
Anthony Bourdain is an example of this.
I experienced it myself with my SO died two years ago.
People started to notice I lost drastic weight, and was working harder than ever on projects and course work.
They figured I was suddenly showing extreme potential, but they didn't know it was an outward manifestation of my unhappiness and those were coping mechanisms for me.
It is not a illness that is associated with a lazy, overweight person, and to continuously use it as such a scapegoat does not actually help with the stigmatization of mental illness.
&amp;#x200B;
I completely forgot to mention this in the post but your pigpen comment reminded me, my girlfriend said a similar thing.
She said the living room looks like a pigsty.
We mostly have to hang out at her place now.
I'm worried about becoming an enabler of my sister's lifestyle, whatever the cause of it is.
My girlfriend grew up with a mom who was a hoarder and a dad who downplayed it.
She remembers constant stress about money because her mom bought so much stuff they didn't need that piled up.
She hates messy environments now.
Her dad would just say it was fine because they could still get around inside the house.
She has a difficult relationship with her parents now (they're still living like that, it's actually way worse).
I don't want my home reminding her of that.
I don't want her to end up comparing me to her dad.
All of this is what my gut is telling me.
This is why you should tell her the truth.
Don't allow yourself to be used to an extent where your relationship suffers because your girlfriend begins to peg you as her father, someone who she harbors resentments towards.
You may even spin this in a tactful way to your sister and state that it is influencing your relationship with your girlfriend, and that you support her but things need to change.
That one way she can begin to make changes is to clean up after herself.
You should also give her a firm deadline and suggest that you are there to help her if she helps herself.
I wouldn't suggest therapy as others are stating, as you have no evidence to know if it depression, and honestly that may come across as a little insulting too.
You're already enabling her, though.
Turn off the wifi, stop buying groceries, give her X number of days to find a job and move out.
She's not going to get a job because all summer you've taken care of her and provided her with all of the means to do absolutely nothing all day.
It's called tough love...and you're going to have to give her a heaping dose of it.
Make living at your place extremely uncomfortable for her.
You're completely right.
I think I knew this, and was just dragging my feet because she's my sister.
But maybe what she needs is to be pushed, not coddled.
Those are good points.
Stop buying groceries and turn off the wi-fi, end the cushy ride.
Does she have some place else to go?
If so, encourage her to do so.
turning off the wifi would mean she'd claim it's getting in the way of looking for jobs.
The correct idea here would be to block sites not related to job searching while she's home alone.
Absolutely.
At this point, you are enabling her to overeat, not work, and wallow in self pity.
You are not helping her in any sense.
Give her a written, dated note with your signature telling her that she has one month to leave the apartment.
This can be the basis of a formal eviction procedure in case she refuses to leave.
Send it by registered mail with return receipt so that you have proof that she got it.
As the others have said, turn off cable and wifi.
Also, stop buying food.
Anything you do buy, keep under lock and key, just as if you had any other roommate who was stealing from you.
Do not get involved with micromanaging her life, housing dilemma, and job search or you will find yourself embroiled in the "just one more" (chance, week, loan, free meal, etc) game.
State your boundary.
You want her to leave.
Very simple.
She is a grown woman.
If she guilts you saying that it's either you or homelessness, that is actually not true.
Her own refusal to take charge of her life is the thing putting her at risk of homelessness.
She has plenty of other choices, whether or not she chooses to recognize or take them.
Worst case scenario, she can find a women's shelter.
Educate yourself about local eviction laws.
Do not accept money from her or make deals.
State your boundary, do not discuss it with her, keep your mouth shut.
Do not JADE: Justify, Argue, Defend, or Explain.
If her tears, excuses, sob stories, and guilt trips make you feel bad, then feel bad, it's ok, you won't die.
Leave her presence and Keep.Your.Mouth.Shut.
Really.
Don't talk it over with her.
To speed the process up, you might offer to pay for a few nights of a motel.
If she voluntarily stops sleeping at your house, this may mean legally that she is no longer a tenant but check with a lawyer; I am not a legal professional in any sense.
You can also give your one month notice at your place and then leave.
Then she becomes the landlord's problem.
Speaking of landlords, most leases forbid guests that stay for more that a short amount of time, say, a week specifically to avoid this very problem.
Hence, having another resident without the landlord's permission could get *you* evicted.
So clean this up.
Nah, just tell her to go to the library (or something) if she needs to look something up online.
Even creates a good reason for her to get out, hell, if she didn't leave the apartment that day then she couldn't have been looking for a job.
What you say makes sense, but folks like this will try to pass the buck.
So if you set up a block so netflix can't be used, for instance, that won't get in the way and they don't have the ammo to throw back at you.
She needs a reason to get out though.
If you start filtering you'll need to pay (an invasive amount) of attention to what she does online, cause once you block one thing she'll find something else.
You're already spending most of your time at your girlfiend's.
Stop buying groceries for your own place, change the WiFi password and cancel cable/netflix.
Then give your sister formal notice of a date you want her out.
Make sure you do it in writing and that it conforms with local laws, otherwise you have no legal standing to evict her.
If you only tell her to get a job or be out by a set date you'll be stuck trying to actually get her to move out once that date comes.

Summary: 
She just doesn't want to.
She can't even do that?
You want her to leave.
She needs a reason to get out though.
You are not helping her in any sense.
She is a grown woman.
You said she had a degree?
She can support herself, and she's already proven it.
I don't want my home reminding her of that.
If so, encourage her to do so.
You're already enabling her, though.
She hates messy environments now.
You can also give your one month notice at your place and then leave.
Make living at your place extremely uncomfortable for her.
She said the living room looks like a pigsty.
