Original Response: 
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.
Now being posted at 10pm eastern!
https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74.
Well, it looks like I'm going to start doing vape reviews.
The overlords of Smok has decided to send me not one, but two different kits to review.
Going in with an open mind and pretty pumped to get my foot in the door.
Vape Status: Quey from 2OHM6 and Scouts from JVapes because I like to live dangerously.
Hey dude!
Excited to see your reviews on here!
Interested in your take on things!
I'm super stoked, if nothing else I'll have a back up for the back ups.
Maybe I'll gift some unfortunate person with something and help make people's days.
Exactly!
Giveaways are fun to enter and fun to win but even more fun to host in my opinion.
Lemme know when the first one comes out if I don’t see it!
I’m excited to see your reviewing style and interested in your opinions!
I was more thinking finding someone in the comments down on their luck.
Maybe giveaways if I end up with an obscene amount of stuff.
They are supposed to be sending me two kits as well.
Nah I gotcha haha that seems like a rad idea too honestly.
I dig it!
Well, I actually asked for mine.
I've been trying to figure out how to get my foot in the door.
I have no intention of being a fly by night guy either, I'm genuinely interested in helping people not waste their money.
Which I believe is what good reviewers should aim for.
If not I have lots of friends who still smoke, surely I can convert at least one of them.
Exactly!
Always good to vape forward stuff if it’s still in working condition!
That's why I don't have a Drag anymore.
That's my reasoning, plus boredom, plus it gets me to try things I may not normally consider, like the Wellon Lux.
I only have experience with Smok tanks and the Alien.
My alien is still kicking but has obviously been relegated to back up of the back ups.
It was my first mod, so I'm a bit attached to it.
Not in working condition?
Damn what happened?
Nope, it got sent to a good home to someone who wanted an upgrade from the Joyetech Penguin.
Dude that’s rad of you!
!
It was free in the first place, seemed right to pass it on.
After I won a July 4th giveaway and had my paranormal it was just sitting on my desk.
No doubt!
That’s cool as hell.
That’s why I do it.
I’ve picked up many shitty devices and if I can help someone save money I’m happy.
I’m certain yours will be fantastic!
http://imgur.com/GihXaT0.
That gif is perfect lol.
I just want to help, and if I can offset the cost of shinyitis I'm down.
And that’s the way to do it!
Do it for the love of helping and you’ll be a trusted reviewer I’m sure!
!
I aspire to hit half the trustedness of u/Anthony_Vapes.
Same honestly lol.
Though of course I wouldn’t complain with Pbusardo status either haha

But yeah Anthony is the man.
Great reviewer and the nicest dude ever, he really is haha.
I honestly go to him, u/jaihaze because love him or hate him there's no confusing his views on something, and grimmgreen because he's casual, laid back, and actually spends good time on the things he reviews.
Ironically I couldn't stand Jai or Grimm at first, but they had reviews on things I couldn't find anywhere else and I ended up loving them.
EDIT: Jai also gifted Anthony and I gold not too long ago too.
So that's a bonus for me.
I'm considering actually buying it again, it's surprisingly useful.
I credit grimmgreen with getting me into craft beer haha.
Used to love his reviews.
That said I don’t like how he’s gotten recently.
He feels a little too...I dunno.
Sell out?
Shilly (and that’s coming from me).
I dunno.
Something about him, rubyroo, and suck my mod but turned me off of them all over the past year and a half.
They seem like rad people though.
Haven’t seen much of jaihaze but I’ve been told he’s good.
He can be abrasive, and definitely rambles sometimes.
He's great background video when I'm building, and he's got his own little shtick that can wear some people down.
I'll credit him for selling me on my Paranormal though.
I mostly watch Grimm's vlogs anymore for vape mail, and pick his reviews depending on my interest in the product.
I really only watch atty videos now, and wait for Anthony for a mod since he tests them so thoroughly.
I’d def give a shout out to Phil Busardo too honestly if you want thorough mod testing.
He’s sorta similar to me in his vaping style but he’s thorough and a real entertaining dude if you got like an hour or so to kill on a review (again, kinda like with my reviews lol).
But he’s the only YouTube reviewer I really trust nowadays.
For Grimm, I’ll watch his on occasion but mainly his vlogs every so often.
I’ll def give jai a chance though!
!
A short u/jaihaze review is 20 minutes.
I like him because he'll buy the item he's going to review if they won't send it to him.
If it's absolute shit he won't hesitate to destroy it, no matter the cost or whether he bought it or it was sent to him.
Plus he's one of the only people who reviews properly expensive stuff.
He seems like a rad dude.
I’ll have to hit him up for a certain reason then if he’s on here lol.
Subscribing to his channel now!
Edit: oh shit I know his shop.
Been there a few times myself!
!
He gilded me, and no lie I keep tagging him because my gold expires tomorrow.
#NoShame He spent four dollars on me that I'd never spend on myself.
http://imgur.com/RG0BS1U.
Lmao nah I gotcha my dude.
Lmao I’m like 99% certain I’ve been there.
It's in Jersey, I think there are two of them, but I wouldn't be surprised if you have.
&gt;in jersey

Yup, I’ve definitely talked to him a few years back at his shop I think lol.
http://imgur.com/a/sxBwu.
Okay that’s the most interesting series of gifs I’ve seen in a while lol.
It didn't fit the theme, but I liked it sooo.
I dig it tho lol.
I had a sneaking suspicion you might.
You know me so well &lt;3.
There's a reason I only used imgur for a long time.
Lol I was never one to use imgur really.
Only ever use it for my reviews to host images lol.
I started using it about 6 months after Reddit, because I found myself just scrolling through subreddits that I liked.
Then I discovered that imgur was its own community.
Honestly ECR was what brought me back to Reddit.
Imgur really is it’s own community lol.
It’s weird but kinda cool since it was started as a way to host images on reddit haha.
Part of it boils down to only having 140 characters to write your comments.
The best ones are short and witty.
I could imagine so lol.
It’s like the Twitter of reddit lol.
Pretty much, it's a fun place to lurk.
Agreed.
Though for me it didn’t feel as easy to navigate for me haha.
Good luck ever receiving anything from Smok again if you're honest about their gear lol.
That's the beauty of it, you just swipe through.
I guess haha, just not for me really.
Eh, we'll see what happens.
I haven't used any of these devices, so they'll get a fair review.
It's mostly just an excellent waste of time.
I can definitely see that haha I’ve def wasted time scrolling through occasionally myself.
I originally came to Reddit to waste time, and imgur just made it easier.
The internet is just one big beautiful waste of time lol.
True, but not having to hunt for content is nice.
Depending on the day imgur has better content than Reddit.
Especially now that Reddit hosts their own images.
You know I use reddit hosting usually but I forget it actually hosts pictures and such lol.
It's ok, it let's me point whore on both when I'm in the mood.
I'm better at imgur whoring though.
Sounds about right lmao.
My username is visible if you click the panda link.
I've got a whole boatload of points there.
On mobile it actually doesn’t show up with your username but man I can imagine lol.

Summary: 
That’s why I do it.
I dig it tho lol.
I could imagine so lol.
Used to love his reviews.
I guess haha, just not for me really.
Excited to see your reviews on here!
Lol I was never one to use imgur really.
It’s like the Twitter of reddit lol.
I had a sneaking suspicion you might.
He seems like a rad dude.
Lmao nah I gotcha my dude.
Well, I actually asked for mine.
Dude that’s rad of you!
Then I discovered that imgur was its own community.
Which I believe is what good reviewers should aim for.
Imgur really is it’s own community lol.
That's why I don't have a Drag anymore.
That gif is perfect lol.
Only ever use it for my reviews to host images lol.
There's a reason I only used imgur for a long time.
