Original Response: 
So I was just wondering, for the sake of my own understanding about the story, I understand that Kralk was able to raise the Shatterer thanks to Zhaitan's magic, but I was wondering where he got the power to enter the mists.
As was stated in the story, that shouldn't be possible.
So my thinking was that he got that ability after absorbing much of the magic Balthazar had.
However that didn't seem quite right because Balthazar was stripped of his powers by the other 5 gods, so Balthazar's magic came from the bloodstone... so is that where that power came from?
This whole magic business is getting confusing, lol.
Edit: Thanks for all the posts guys.
Lot if stuff to read through.
Funny to read people think it came from Balthazar.
Personally, I was under the impression it's part of his own nature, but only revealed now since he's stronger and finally taking the offense.
-First of all the rifts appear to be very brand-crystally, whereas 'absorbed' powers usually borrow the visuals from their original owner (see the Death-Branded Shatterer).
-Second, I kinda considered it quite a good fit for him.
Glint's prophetic powers already suggested there was more to Kralkatorrik than just 'being of crystal'.
Being a reality-bender in both time and space kind of explains why both Glint and Aurene are the way they are.
Besides, the purple, crystal visuals fit this theme too (Hello Mesmers and Lyssa).
-Third, although not really an argument, it makes kralkatorrik more complete as an Elder Dragon.
'Crystal' is kind of a bland area to cover.
Zhaitan and Mordremoth both had some meta-level aspects to their nature as well (Shadow and Mind), so for Kralkatorrik to have something similar would only make sense.
I think I saw references to the word 'Chaos' drop by this episode.
Could some GW1 vets confirm whether or not that's also something mesmer-y?
The connection between color, number, etc.
And a connection between the dragons and human gods was disproved both by the community awhile back, and has since been disproven in-game since we now know where the gods are (kinda).
As an example, the color of Kralk and the Brand in general are much closer to the magic bestowed by Abaddon which transformed the Margonites than to mesmers or Lyssa.
As for the extra abilities of Kralk, that may be a combination of things... Certain types of crystals are known for their resonance, which could be why Kralk is the only dragon we've actively been presented as being replaceable, if all of his creations and champions resonate similarly.
We DO know that something unique to Kralk is HOW he utilizes his corruption though.
It's not an active ability, but is rather spread to anything he casts a shadow on.
This, in turn, tells me that there's also a deeper connection to crystals through refraction.
Similar to glass, crystals can refract and separate light that passes through them.
If Kralk is passively corrupting things in his shadow, it may be that this is caused by a similar effect refracting life energy or magic in general instead.
Lots to think about here!
That sidenote on Lyssa and the mesmers wasn't me trying to go to that God-Dragon theory, rather just implying that it's not the first time the dev's have connected purple/pink aesthetics to reality-altering forms of magic.
Also; the replaceability of Kralk is so far being introduced as being universe-wide, not something only of him.
It happened with Abbadon and Kormir and the magic of the other two Elder Dragons and Balthazar went through a similar process, just not with one single being taking everything at once.
There have, If I'm not mistaken, been several suggestions that the problem is that Mordremoth and Zhaitan weren't replaced.
To me that suggests heavily that the idea should be that all the holders of magic (be it Elder Dragon or God) can be replaced.
Potentially.
Aurene has a direct connection to Kralk through Glint though, so while it may very well be that she could have replaced either Zhaitan or MM if she'd been born sooner, we can't say for sure.
That's more what I was trying to get at in that regard.
In my mind, if any being at all is completely capable of replacing another if so inclined (e.g.
Abaddon &gt; Kormir), then we should have at least heard of someone from the Inquest trying to become a replacement Elder Dragon (even if it failed catastrophically).
This seems to be greatly tied to innate ability though.
At the end of this episode, the world of Tyria is basically on the verge of being unraveled because of Kralk absorbing magic from the Mists.
If he could do that normally, how did the multiverse, let alone Tyria, continue to *exist* the last time the dragons woke?
The Inquest has been doing exactly that though?
It's the story of Kudo and the Crucible of Eternity Dungeon, even as recently as episode 2 hinted at again.
And in the end, Baltazar was just as much vying to take Kralks power.
The universe hasn't suggested anywhere that others can't take their place, if anything, it has consistently been proving the opposite.
The argument why they specifically want Aurene (or any scion of Glint) to do it, is because she is one of the few able to defeat Kralkatorik while simultaneously, once absorbing the power, being conditioned to act good on that power.
The crystal-resonance background is used specifically to explain her ability to BEAT Kralk, absorbing power is something that any great magic-wielding creature can do (which has happened with both Zhaitan, MM, Balthazar, Palawa Joko, and Abaddon), but in this case it's also part of our plan to let Aurene absorb it all.
Again, I'm not trying to say that Aurene is the only one capable of absorbing the power, but that she's the only one able to become an Elder Dragon after absorbing the power.
I think that may have been lost in translation somewhere.
As for the Inquest, from what we've seen, all they've been seen trying to do so far is contain, utilize, and repurpose dragon magic, rather than trying to create an Elder Dragon of their own.
I'd say that 'on the verge' is quite the exaggeration.
At this point it's way too early to see what his endgame would be, and why he entered it in the first place.
To follow the logic that he gained this power from Balthazar, why then did he still travel south and remain inactive for months?
The argument that because of his inactivity in Mist-portalling, he must have gotten it from Balthazar, isn't really waterproof.
What exactly happened during previous cycles, or why Kralk even went into the mists is still quite unclear to start with.
and why did he not absorb the magic of the mists the last time the dragons were rising?
That would suggest that an 'Elder Dragon' is something special beyond the fact that they're large magic containers, which the story doesn't seem to get at.
Elder Dragon's are Elder Dragons because they absorded huge amounts of magic, more than bloodstones even, their deaths (like destructions of the Bloodstone or the death of Abaddon) would be catastrophic for the amount of loose energy released upon the world (further proven by the lore on unbound and volatile magic).
The crux is that we need large containers for the potential magic released after a Dragon's death.
Whether that container is another dragon or not seems to be irrelevant.
As long as the new container doesn't have the urge to consume the rest of the world, the Forgotten and the Pact seem to be quite okeey with it.
And why are you so sure he didn't?
We have very little idea of what happened in the previous rise.
Also, last time the Gods didn't reside in the mists yet.
And as shown in this episode again; Kralk realllllyy loves his Gods-magic.
By "on the verge" I mostly meant we don't really have any way of stopping him, if Aurene's visions are credible.
So yes, we don't exactly have a timer ticking.
But regarding Kralk's "endgame", as far as we can tell it's not sapient like Mordremoth.
Its endgame is to eat all the magic and then sleep off the food coma for a few thousand years.
And right now it has literally all the magic in the universe on its plate.
As far as the inactivity, Balthazar *did* nearly kill it back at the end of PoF.
Sentience, control, and perhaps something a little extra all seem to be requirements for being an Elder Dragon at this point.
If all we needed were a large magic container, the human gods easily could have intervened by creating a 'Dragonstone' variant of a new bloodstone designed to strip away and contain dragon magic, since they were the ones that created the initial bloodstone, this was well within their power...
Instead, they fled, knowing that dragon magic was either too dangerous to try harnessing or knowing that they couldn't take it away from living dragons without consequence.
Balthazar decided to go against this and tried to destroy the dragons to regain his strength, knowing full-well the consequences of his actions.
The kicker being that we never saw him absorb more than a tiny amount of their magic, so we don't actually know whether he truly could have handled it all.
It's my belief that in order to properly contain dragon magic, the container needs to be both of Tyria, and of the dragons themselves.
This can be seen in both the Inquest experiments and the Sons of Svanir.
In both cases, the only time we see dragon magic actively being wielded in its raw form outside of the dragons themselves is by becoming corrupted to more closely mirror the nature of the dragon itself.
Since Balthazar was drawing magic from Primordus and Jormag, which were canonically labeled as opposing forces, it's possible that this allowed him to avoid that same corruption, or maybe his proximity to Primordus allowed him to maintain his alread firey form through proximity.
In either case, all we can do is speculate for now.

Summary: 
and why did he not absorb the magic of the mists the last time the dragons were rising?
Whether that container is another dragon or not seems to be irrelevant.
So my thinking was that he got that ability after absorbing much of the magic Balthazar had.
That's more what I was trying to get at in that regard.
The Inquest has been doing exactly that though?
Lots to think about here!
Also; the replaceability of Kralk is so far being introduced as being universe-wide, not something only of him.
To me that suggests heavily that the idea should be that all the holders of magic (be it Elder Dragon or God) can be replaced.
The crux is that we need large containers for the potential magic released after a Dragon's death.
And in the end, Baltazar was just as much vying to take Kralks power.
And right now it has literally all the magic in the universe on its plate.
And why are you so sure he didn't?
