Original Response: 
[deleted]
Thou shalt not kill.
"Murder"
ዛይ። አታመንዝር።.
Killing in war is murder.
According to whom?
Certainly not scripture.
Depends on the interpretation.
Scripture condones exterminating people, do you agree with this?
I agree that God has ordered the destruction of people in the past.
So the way you justify this grave sin is to simply say that God ordered it?
If God orders it, then its not a sin.
I disagree.
Killing is wrong, period.
So called 'scripture' is simply narrative and is not 100% true.
Stories where God 'orders' extermination of whole peoples are clearly post-hoc justifications for grave criminal acts.
That doesn't seem to be how either Jesus or Paul (or any New Testament writer) interprets the Old Testament.
The Sermon on the Mount disagrees.
Which part?
You have heard that it was said, 'An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth.'
But I tell you, do not resist an evil person.
If someone strikes you on the right cheek, turn to him the other also.
(Matt.
5:38-39) 

&amp;#x200B;

Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you, pray for those who mistreat you.
(Matt.
5:43-48, Luke 6:27-28) 

&amp;#x200B;

Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called sons of God.
(Matt.
5:9) 

&amp;#x200B;

I don't think continuing this conversation will be productive for either you or me.
There are many pacifist denominations that hold to the idea that war no matter it's justification is wrong and sinful.
There are even more individuals (like the Catholic American [Ben Salmon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ben_Salmon) and the Catholic Austrian [Franz Jägerstätter](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_J%C3%A4gerst%C3%A4tter)) who paid dearly for their beliefs.
Go in Peace.
So much for "objective morality" then.
Of course.
All morality is subjective.
Though really, if you are outright saying that whatever God says to do is fine no matter what it is, that is actually more of an example of amorality than subjective morality.
Kill and Murder are 2 separate words with 2 separate meanings:

"The Hebrew word for “murder” literally means “the intentional, premeditated killing of another person with *malice*.”.
No, the Bible said that killing someone who has killed is justified.
Killing just to kill is sinning.
Even the Pope has suggested that the death penalty is wrong.
The Pope is a man, God is God in Genesis 9, verse six, it says: “Whoever sheds human blood, by humans shall their blood be shed; for in the image of God has God made mankind”.
While most killing done is unjustified, God can carry out his wrath through people.
Though there is a line you have to walk, as he says in Exodus 23:7 “Have nothing to do with a false charge and do not put an innocent or honest person to death, for I will not acquit the guilty.”.
God didn't write the Bible, men did.
Genesis is demonstrated to be a collection of ancient middle eastern myths.
What if someone comes into your house and threatens your whole family and you kill in self defense?
That’s wrong?
You have a right to defend your life, God doesn’t expect you to die before you protect your life during a home invasion.
Men wrote the Bible, inspired by God.
God used man to write his book, and saying Genesis, the beginning of the Bible is just middle eastern myths would discredit the bible in total.
Every book in the Bible was written by men inspired by God, so Christians would have somewhere to refer to God's will.
So God wrote the book through man, just as he punishes those who kill others by using man.
I understand that you believe this however this doesn't make it true.
The evidence is to the contrary.
Go over to r/AcademicBiblical and ask about the origins of the stories and myths in Genesis.
&gt; saying Genesis, the beginning of the Bible is just middle eastern myths would discredit the bible in total.
Maybe, but that doesn't make it any less accurate.
It only really discredits the position that teh Bible is the inerrant word of God, which it isn't by any objective standard.
 In more than 3000 places the Bible declares itself inspired (2 Peter 1:21).
Making such claims of itself implies that the Bible is either inspired by God or a fraud.
If it wasn't inspired by God, then that would mean that it is just another book, which it isn't.
Saying it was written by men, nothing more discredits the entirety of the bible, which discredits God.
I can declare myself a glass of orange juice 3000 times but that doesn't make me a glass of orange juice.
Fraud implies intentional deception which I don't believe is the case.
To say it is either what it says it is or a fraud leaves out the possibility that it is a collection of ancient myths that declared themselves 'revelations from God' before we had a greater understanding of the nature of the world.
There are many denominations that consider the Bible to not be the inerrant word of God.
I don't think so sir, If the denominations don't accept the Bible being the word of God, then Christians have no basis to stand, and then Christianity cannot truly stand.
If these denominations say the bible is erred, then they cannot truly be Christian, and they are unintentionally deceiving the people who believe in it .
Intentional or not, saying this would make the Bible just another book, and God just another fairy tale.
It is either the word of God, or it isn't.
I'll go with fairy tale if your God approves of slaughtering people in wars.
No, He carries out his wrath through people, against people who have killed.
Innocent people like children who are caught between the fire do not deserve to die, only those that have killed and are going to keep killing deserve to die.
That's how it is.
People who are out with an intent to kill and harm are going to have God's wrath inflicted upon them through people.
Osama Bin Laden is an example.
The innocent people who die in bombings did not deserve death.
God doesn't approve of slaughtering innocents, only evil men who aren't going to repent.
Did God approve of the innocents slaughtered by 'Christians' in WWII, Vietnam, Iraq etc??
What about the innocents killed in out current campaigns in the middle east?
?
No, Of course not.
The innocents that lost their lives in Death camps, innocents on the Japanese side during the atomic bombs, and civilians killed by bombs in the ME is wrong.
Killing people like the Nazi's, Taliban, and other terrorists, however, is justified.
But didn't God order the killing of innocent Canaanites in the Bible?
I understand that you believe this however this doesn't make it true.
The evidence is to the contrary.
Go over to r/AcademicBiblical and ask about the origins of the stories and myths in Genesis.
Who said they were innocent?
Women and children?
?
Who said they were innocent?
What were the children guilty of?
Who knows?
All that matters is where they innocent?
Obviously not, as they were killed.
So let me get this straight, because the story says that God ordered it they must have been guilty of something even though they were just children?
So what is the difference between sacrificng children to Baal and sacrificing children to Yahweh?
One exists, one doesn’t.
One can see the future, one can’t.
One gave his life for people even me and you, despite all the things we have done, one  asked for children to be sacrificed for no real purpose.
And let me clarify, Canaanites weren’t exactly human to begin with.
God could see what would happen if they were allowed to continue.
And besides, who are we to question the maker of the Everything in existence, order?
&gt; Canaanites weren’t exactly human to begin with.
Seriously???
We're done!
Ok, nice discussion sir.

Summary: 
Obviously not, as they were killed.
If God orders it, then its not a sin.
Killing just to kill is sinning.
Killing in war is murder.
Men wrote the Bible, inspired by God.
God didn't write the Bible, men did.
Who said they were innocent?
It is either the word of God, or it isn't.
But didn't God order the killing of innocent Canaanites in the Bible?
All that matters is where they innocent?
I agree that God has ordered the destruction of people in the past.
No, the Bible said that killing someone who has killed is justified.
The innocent people who die in bombings did not deserve death.
Making such claims of itself implies that the Bible is either inspired by God or a fraud.
While most killing done is unjustified, God can carry out his wrath through people.
What were the children guilty of?
