Original Response: 
The day before my parents went off to Bora Bora, they told my brother and I not to invite two of our closest friends over because when we got together we always got into some kind of trouble.
Being the good boys that we were we promised them we would not invite our friends over.
This was really the first time that my parents had left my brother and I alone at the house for more than a few days so they really had to put their faith in us.
After several days of them being gone, I suddenly realized that they would have no clue if my friends came over while they were on such a remote island.
I didn't have to tell them anything.
While my brother was at work and I texted my friends and told them to come over to our house to wait for my brother to come home so that we could all do something together.
I was halfway through the Dark Knight when my friends came over so we decided to finish that while we waited for my brother.
My brother ended up getting a longer shift so in our boredom we decided we wanted to prank him when he got home.
My friend suggested that we move everything in his room two inches to the left to see if that would mess with him.
I then got the bright idea that not only should we do that, but we should move everything in the house two inches to the left.
After one room of this prank, we decided it was lame so I came up with another idea.
I told them, "What if we flipped over everything in the house and made it look like the house got broken into so that my brother freaks out when he comes home."
So we did just that.
We turned over couches, beds, and chairs.
We broke light bulbs on the ground.
We even took all of the valuable items in the house and placed them in my truck and then drove it around the block.
Honestly if we were trying to make a movie set of a house that got broken in to, we nailed it.
I opened the garage half way to make it seem like someone had gotten in that way.
I then turned off all of the lights and got out a super bright flashlight.
I called my brother and told him that I would be staying with some family friends that night so he would have to hold down the fort himself.
My plan was, when my bother opened the door I would shine my flashlight in his eyes and then would run out of the garage and he would see all of the damage in the house and freak out for a minute.
Then I would tell him it was all a joke.
That is not what happened.
When my brother got home, he called me and asked me if I had left the garage door open.
I told him maybe and that he should just shut it when he got inside.
He got pretty spooked by the entire house being completely dark and did not go in right away like I thought he would.
Then I accidentally turned on the flash light and he saw it.
The moment he saw that he called the police and told them our house was being robbed.
I called him and told him it was just a prank.
He said he had already called the police.
I said, "Well Un-call them!"
but it was too late.
My brother came in the house and we decided to clean the house up before they came so it looked like we were not robbing the place.
We knew we were hosed when we saw the blue and red lights in front of our driveway.
The officers came up to the door and knocked super loudly and said to come out with our hands up.
We obeyed and then they told us to get on our knees in the front lawn.
They told us that the guns they were pointing at us were loaded and that if we moved we would be shot.
I was so scared that they would count the uncontrollable shaking of my body as moving.
I told them, "It was all a prank officer!"
and he yelled back, "I don't give a fuck!".
He questioned us for about fifteen minutes with the gun on us while his partner searched the house.
After awhile our neighbor came outside and screamed, "No don't shoot those boys!
They are good kids!"
They questioned her for awhile and finally told us that we were the stupidest fucking kids alive and that they never wanted to come back to our house again.
We thanked our neighbor for saving us and then went back to "sleep".
Which really meant we were questioning every decision we have ever made.
Definitely one of the dumbest things I have done in my life.
TL;DR-Tried to play a prank on my brother by making it seem like their were thieves in my house when he got home from work.
We flipped over everything in the house and took all of the valuable stuff in it.
The cops were called and they put us on our knees in the front lawn and pointed guns at us for over fifteen minutes.
Our neighbor came to save us.
We realized we were the dumbest fucking kids alive.
EDITS:
1.
Because this question has been asked alot: Yes my parents found out.
We held off from telling them but eventually my neighbor told them.
We obviously got in some pretty bad trouble but my parents could see how shaken up we were and we didnt die so they were not ruthless to us.
2.
I have seen that my writing is kind of confusing and makes it seem like my friends disappeared.
For clarification it was me, my two friends, and my brother on the front lawn.
Those cops sound like utter jackasses and should be fired.
Drawing a weapon on someone after asking them to come outside to talk to them?
Cursing at you?
Wow.
Yeah they put the fear of God in my eyes but in their defense they had no idea what they were walking in on.
They were just protecting themselves and they were probably mad cause we wasted valuable time.
I mean, from your perspective that makes sense.
From perspective of prior leo, knowing the training and procedures that you’re supposed to follow, those guys really fucked up.
Cops do whatever they want.
That’s.. not how it’s supposed to work...
Um I think their training and procedures tell them that when you rob a house,  you might be armed.
And even if they are kids, they may be armed.
And if you allow them to move, they might draw their weapon and shoot you.
Yeah that’s solved rather easily.
You ask them if they’re armed.
They had a situation where they were confronted with two compliant children and they decided to draw their weapons.
Key word: Compliant.
It’s a different ball game if you have confrontation.
Those guys didn’t.
They treated a call like it was a waste of their time and refused to listen to anything they were told.
They drew their weapons and used profanity on the person who called them.. the more I think about it the worse it gets

And you and people like you who assume this is normal because the cops can do whatever they want or need to pull their weapons out on anyone that they want because they might be armed is the problem.
They could have cuffed you and/or thrown you in the back of their cruiser.
Hell, they could have called for backup if they were really scared.
Keeping a loaded freaking gun on you the entire time is ridiculous.
Don’t get me wrong, you were idiots, but the cops were wrong in their response.
They also sound like cops from a made up story.
Cops are trained in trigger discipline; they normally wouldn’t maintain aim on a suspect even if they have already drawn their guns, unless the suspect also had a drawn weapon.
There have been plenty of “compliant” criminals that have attempted to pull a gun when they got the chance.
They are are plenty of criminals who will say they are unarmed, and, surprise, they have a gun or knife on their person.
There was literally no way of knowing that one of the kids was the one who called the cops, even if they stated “they called the cops”, how do  know for sure?
This was a possible armed robbery.
They had every excuse to draw their weapon and use profanity in what seemed like, to them, a very serious situation.
Which they should be trained to believe that every call IS SERIOUS, because if they don’t take it seriously, they will be shot and killed.
Go become a police officer if you believe you can do a better job.
The only stupid people in this situation were the kids.
Is that not how it usually goes?
Sounds like my own experience.
Minus the trashing the house.
Genuine police mistake in my case.
What perfect neighborhood do you live in?
Mountain View, CA?
And yet.
Within 20 miles :P

But in seriousness, I’ve lived in bad neighborhoods.
Cops aren’t gonna aim at someone who is cooperating, especially a kid.
Worst comes to worse they’ll cuff them.
Not to mention that the break in was called in by a homeowner from directly outside.
Either the OP forgot to mention that he tried to ignore orders and/or run or he’s making this up.
I’m fairly certain they drill in the “don’t point a gun at something you don’t intend to destroy” rule, among others.
So why the hell did they want to destroy some surrendering teenagers?
I was one.
And I definitely didn’t act this way.
Every call was serious, but not in the stupid gung ho American shoot them up serious way.
Believe it or not, good policing comes from wanting a better community to live in and not from wanting to shoot guns at people with no consequences.
Yeah I’d definitely agree with this.
This sounds like what a kid thinks the police would do if they showed up to a call and not what would most likely actually happen.
Exactly!
A potential armed robbery?
What did you want them to do not have guns while walking in in potentially armed burglars?
?
They arrived, knocked on the door and then drew and kept their guns drawn on the compliant people that opened the door.
Does this sound like an armed robbery to you?
Are you a cop?
If I was I’d rather be safe than sorry?
I’d know nothing about it and have guns out anyway, just cos they’re complying doesn’t mean they’re good.
This one case may be unnecessary, but every other time without these precautions a cop could die.
drawing a weapon is a show of force and can't be used unless justified.
now, sure, a potential armed robbery may justify drawing your weapon but knocking on a door, having the door be answered by children and then not putting your weapons away when those children are following your orders is just pathetic.
that's not "better safe than sorry" that's just bad policing, bad judgement and a definite sign that the officer needs a whole lot more training before being allowed to carry a weapon again.
the whole point of being a decent cop is knowing when an escalation of force is justified.
shit, just the paperwork involved in drawing your weapon is annoying, i certainly wouldn't want some pissed off parent suing my department and me getting in shit just because i don't understand how to properly escalate and de-escalate a situation.
The whole point of being a cop is to stop crime.
Priority is keeping themselves safe.
Last priority is judging the situation.
What harm did it do the kids?
Nothing but a funny story.
Now,  in a different situation the cops might’ve been put at harm.
Um, having a gun drawn on you does you no psychological harm, does it?
A funny story?
The guy legit thought he was going to die.
That can fuck someone up rather badly.
Either way, I truly hope you’re not at all involved in any field of law enforcement with that attitude.
This is going nowhere and it’s late.
I'm curious, it's Mountain View especially good?
I know it's expensive, and also very boring.
I challenge anyone to hold someone at gunpoint for 15 minutes straight.
I know I can't for more than like 3 minute without wavering.

Summary: 
I called him and told him it was just a prank.
Cops do whatever they want.
I told them, "It was all a prank officer!"
I didn't have to tell them anything.
Then I would tell him it was all a joke.
Sounds like my own experience.
I said, "Well Un-call them!"
I told him maybe and that he should just shut it when he got inside.
I know it's expensive, and also very boring.
I mean, from your perspective that makes sense.
Does this sound like an armed robbery to you?
They also sound like cops from a made up story.
Minus the trashing the house.
What harm did it do the kids?
The moment he saw that he called the police and told them our house was being robbed.
And I definitely didn’t act this way.
And even if they are kids, they may be armed.
The only stupid people in this situation were the kids.
He said he had already called the police.
I then turned off all of the lights and got out a super bright flashlight.
They told us that the guns they were pointing at us were loaded and that if we moved we would be shot.
