Original Response: 
EDIT:  Thank you everyone for the great questions.
I thought this would go for an hour and I see it's now been well more than 2 hours.
It's time for me to get back to the campaign trail.
I'm grateful for all the grassroots support for our campaign.
It's a real David vs. Goliath campaign again.
Wasserman Schultz is swimming in corporate donations, while we're relying on small online donations.
Please consider donating at [https://timcanova.com/](https://timcanova.com/)

We need help with phone banking, door-to-door canvassing in the district, waving banners on bridges (#CanovaBridges), and spreading the word far and wide that we're in this to win it!
You can follow me on Twitter at:  @Tim\_Canova

On Facebook at:  @TimCanovaFL

On Instagram at:  @tim\_canova

Thank you again, and I promise I'll be back on for a big AMA after we defeat Wasserman Schultz in November !
Keep the faith and keep fighting for freedom and progress for all!
&amp;#x200B;

I am a law professor and political activist.
Two years ago, I ran against Debbie Wasserman Schultz, then the chair of the Democratic National Committee, in the August 30, 2016 Democratic primary that's still mired in controversy since the Broward County Supervisor of Elections illegally destroyed all the ballots cast in the primary.
I was motivated to run against Wasserman Schultz because of her fundraising and voting records, and particularly her close ties with big Wall Street banks, private insurers, Big Pharma, predatory payday lenders, private prison companies, the fossil fuels industry, and many other big corporate interests that were lobbying for the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP).
In this rematch, it's exciting to run as an independent in a district that's less than 25% registered Republicans.
I have pledged to take no PAC money, no corporate donations, no SuperPACs.
My campaign is entirely funded by small donations, mostly online at:  [https://timcanova.com/](https://timcanova.com/) We have a great grassroots campaign, with lots of volunteer energy here in the district and around the country!
Ask Me Anything!
Would you vote to impeach Trump?
No, not based on the evidence that's so far come to light.
Mueller has not brought any charges against Trump.
I oppose much of President Trump's policies and agenda, and when I do, I speak out against it.
what's your yardstick for impeachment?
If a sitting President can't be indicted, what line does he have to cross for impeachment to be necessary?
I would assume charges actually being leveled at them?
We need proof, not circumstantial evidence to impeach a president.
You already have overwhelming proof of obstruction of justice and campaign finance violations and numerous other things.
You can't actually charge a sitting president with something based on some people's interpretation of constitutional law, so if that's impossible what more do you want than the actual evidence?
(And yes, I know you're not Canova)
Personally?
I want PROOF of collusion.
I agree that there's EVIDENCE, but I personally take the impeachment of a sitting president very seriously, and I want proof that without a shadow of a doubt we need to move forward with impeachment.
It feels slippery slope to me.
We impeach a president without concrete proof, we open the door to people screaming about it every single election cycle.
No matter if I agree with their politics or not, I hope I never live to see a president impeached without proof positive.
I'm not saying the breadcrumbs aren't there.
They certainly are.
But they aren't enough to give me the warm and fuzzies about it right now.
Perhaps they will be.
I don't think the slippery slope argument holds weight here.
When you're already hanging off the cliff you're not really worried about how much farther you'll roll when you hit the ground.
Collusion with Russia isn't the only problem, not the only round for impeachment.
There's also obstruction of justice, campaign finance violations, perjury.
As it says in the Constitution, "high crimes and misdemeanors."
That's a lot of impeachable offenses.
They are generally interpreted as breaches of the public trust.
I would consider the merits as any case develops.
As long as we're talking about offenses worthy of removal from office, it's outrageous that the Broward Supervisor of Elections, a crony of Wasserman Schultz, is still in office months after admitting on videotaped deposition to the illegal destruction of ballots in our 2016 primary.
Those are federal misdemeanors and felonies under state law.
in May 2018, the Florida Circuit Court granted me summary judgment in my public records lawsuit, ruling that the Supervisor violated multiple state and federal criminal statutes.
She's still in office making $177,628 a year.
elaborating on the first point, if a sitting president cannot be indicted, how do you prove high crimes or misdemeanors?
An accusation isn't enough, and without an indictment much less an actual charge or trial, you're basically saying there's no mechanism for impeachment anymore.
What am I missing?
Would you confirm, oppose, or postpose Kavanaugh's appointment?
Obviously I'm not Canova but as someone on the left I don't think Trump should be impeached yet for 2 reasons.
1.
His unpopularity carried into 2020 will create an advantageous landscape for the House and Senate.
We should use that to our advantage.
2.
We don't have any hard evidence of "high crimes and misdemeanors", just that he is batshit insane and mentally unstable.
However if Mueller comes forward with some stuff, then I'm 100% down to impeach.
&gt;His unpopularity carried into 2020 will create an advantageous landscape for the House and Senate.
We should use that to our advantage.
&amp;#x200B;

Wait, so you're saying (assuming Trump had done something impeachable) that it's okay to selectively enforce the law, or withhold enforcement so long as it serves to further your own cause?
&amp;#x200B;

That's fucking corruption.
&amp;#x200B;
It doesn't matter if he is impeached, the Senate is never going to get to the threshhold to remove him from office.
It's wasted time and energy when we could be rallying the base to beat his ass.
Hi Tim.
Although you had very impressive  results in the 2016 primary, you still lost to the incumbent by about 13% - a significant margin.
All of the negative press surrounding her involvement in the DNC debacle of 2016 seems to have faded and people seem to have forgotten.
Have you adapted your strategy in a way that you believe will make up that 13% this time around?
Do you think the political climate alone has shifted voters in your favor in large enough numbers?
&gt;We are not convinced we lost in 2016.
We had a huge field operation, knocking on 10,000 to 12,000 doors a week.
Our internal numbers showed us winning big, and that was everyone's experience on the ground.
When I sought to inspect the ballots to verify the election results, the Broward Supervisor of Elections destroyed all the ballots in violation of numerous state and federal criminal statutes.
And we were not allowed to inspect the software that created the digital scanned ballot images.
That software is "proprietary", the intellectual property of the private software vendor hired by the corrupt Supervisor, a Wasserman Schultz ally.
This time around, we have some of the nation's top election experts and recount lawyers keeping their eyes fixed on our election.
I will be ready to contest the election from day 1.We did a lot of things right in 2016, and we are once again building a big field operation powered by a growing army of volunteers.
&amp;#x200B;
[deleted]
[deleted]
The fact he doesn't want to accept is his district has a lot of Democrats that more closely align to DWS's platform.
It's an incredibly wealthy district.
He just wants to use reddit (like he did in 2016) to pump in a few million in out of district contributions to run ads and elevate his personal profile.
Interesting.
In his defense, he’s going to need serious money if he wants to compete with her, so if he has found that connecting/marketing on Reddit pulls in significant donations, I’m fine with that.
I wish politicians didn’t need millions to run for office but that’s what we’ve got until we change it.
I donate to candidates outside of my district and state sometimes because I believe in their platforms.
I’m more interested and surprised that he so candidly and resolutely said that the whole game was rigged and that the democrats and Schultz cheated and fixed the election.
Not that I think it’s impossible by any means, but most folks are more tactful about those kinds of allegations.
That’s a bold strategy, and even if he’s right, it’s probably a losing one.
It’s a losing one because it factually didn’t happen.
He loses the respect of any reasonable person when he’s that vocally unable to accept a shortcoming.
But on the topic of receiving outside donations - would you be okay if a presidential candidate was funded almost entirely by donations from outside the US?
He doesn’t attempt to represent his district.
He doesn’t care that they more closely align with DWS.
He spends his time courting progressives across the country to buy airtime to spread bullshit conspiracy theories about how the DNC hacked his surge protector to fry his laptop.
No, I wouldn’t be ok with the president (or any US candidate for anything) being funded by foreign money.
But that’s because I believe that our common thread is that we are all Americans.
I’ve lived in 5 states in the past 4 years - some liberal, some conservative.
I donate to politicians I believe in, because I care about the interests of every single one of our states and territories.
I’m more concerned about our country as a whole and less concerned about states operating as mini-countries (i.e.
I don’t equate receiving funds from out of state donors with receiving funds from foreign countries).
But to your other point - I agree wholeheartedly about the “conspiracy theories” - if he has evidence of illegal actions, he should bring it to authorities, not spread it, unsubstantiated, on Reddit.
The issue is if your primary funding comes from outside your representive district, then you’re no longer primarily focused on representing them, but rather the consensus of the people donating to you.
We have a representative democracy for a reason, and him taking in all his money from outside his district is an ethical problem for the exact reason a presidential candidate receiving all his funding from Russia would be.
What if - and I’m not saying that I’m right, just posing a theoretical question, but - what if, as you said, the district is extremely wealthy and Schultz represents the interests of those people, but in fact there are more individuals in the district who would support Canova, they just don’t know about him because he doesn’t have the money to get himself into the public eye.
I’ve lived in many places - I know that even in wealthy areas, the majority of folks aren’t all that wealthy - they’re just all hidden away from the estates and McMansions.
Money doesn’t buy votes, it buys exposure.
If he can get close to the exposure of Schultz, then he can get his message across as clearly as she does, and then the voters can more fairly decide who they want.
Now with that said, I recognize how idealistic that is.
If folks are giving him money, they’ll expect something in return.
But that actually only applies to special interests, corporate donors, people who donate large sums, etc.
The grassroots Bernie Sanders types who throw $10 or $20 towards candidates who they support, which I believe are the people Canova is going after here on Reddit, don’t want anything in return, and only want him to get his message out so that the people in his district know that he exists and what he stands for.
So if his outside money came from big donors, sure he wouldn’t represent his potential constituent’s interests because he’d be bound by the interests of those donors, but if his money comes in small amounts from grassroots efforts, he still can represent his district without bias.
In that vein, does Schultz accept large amounts of money from private or corporate donors outside of her district?
I’d imagine that in her position of particular influence, there are probably a few people outside her county who’d like to see her re-elected...
Ever notice each time you copy/paste that whiny delusion it gets less popular?
You should take a hint.
I believe that is idealistic, but let’s go with it anyways.
He isn’t running for Senator, he’s running as a rep in a relatively small district.
He has bragged in the past about how many doors he’s knocked on campaigning.
While you’re right at a technical level that money buys exposure not votes, we both know that in the end, candidates that spend more end up gaining votes they otherwise wouldn’t have had.
Now, to address the final point about money being influenced.
I think you are very wrong.
Any money is given with expectations, and if it’s coming from far left Democrats/progressives around the country, they’ll expect him to vote for the farthest left positions every time.
If he doesn’t, they won’t donate to him in 2020.
The issue comes down to this: when something arrives that he has to address directly, something that the people in his district overwhelmingly support, but reddit at large hates, what is he going to do?
Is he going to risk losing the largest donation base he has every 2 years, or is he going to fail in his duties and not represent the people in his district?
I think we both know what would happen.
The same thing that happens when a major company donates to a candidate - their interests are eventually placed above those of the constituents.
Yeah it’s an interesting conversation.
The thing I always get hung up on, not just in this particular race, is that like you said, money effectively buys votes and we all know it.
So as long as Schultz in this case has more money, she’ll likely win.
But, like you also pointed out, if you get your money from the wrong people, you’re beholden to them.
So what can be done?
It seems like an inevitably unfair system - and I don’t mean unfair to the politicians, I mean unfair to citizens.
What are your thoughts on public election funding?
All qualified candidates get a set amount, no donations.
They all get the same money, the same exposure.
We vote on the issues - their platforms, not their bank accounts.
Did you ever apologize to the family of Seth Rich for exploiting their tragic loss?
At the time that I called attention to this young man's murder, his parents had  posted a video thanking people for keeping his memory alive and calling  for answers in his unsolved murder investigation.
After they changed  their views and called on people to stop speculating about his murder, I  have respected their wishes and no longer bring up his murder.
I find  that it's my political enemies who love to bring it up, apparently in  disregard for his parents' wishes to try to score political points  against me.
My  heart goes out to Seth's family.
I'm sure even after more than two  years since his murder, their loss will always be with them.
I have a  very close friend whose mother was the victim in an unsolved cold case  from nearly forty years ago.
Her pain is always with her.
I hope someday  there will be justice for Seth's family.
&amp;#x200B;
So that's a "no."
Disgraceful.
&gt; I find that it's my political enemies who love to bring it up, apparently in disregard for his parents' wishes to try to score political points against me.
And it's critics who are the *real* bad guys.
How dare they use murder to score political points by criticizing someone who uses murder to score political points.
Sorry for the downvotes, Reddit can be really petty.
But that's a good response.
I do hope so too that there will be justice.
[deleted]
Can you explain what you're asking and why Mr.
Guy's answer is unsatisfying so I can understand more than just a mild feeling of contempt for a rando doing a sick GOTCHA on the internet?
They asked if he apologized, I think that was laid out pretty clearly.
&gt;After they changed their views and called on people to stop speculating about his murder

People can downvote this all they want, but this is actually what happened after a DNC spokesperson began working for the family.
We still haven't seen evidence on where wikileaks got their information aside from heavy allusion that it could have been Rich.
Whether you think he did it or not, these things did happen and his family did change their approach.
I'm asking about *what* he's supposed to be apologizing for and why his answer wasn't good enough..
Using someone's murder to further his political agenda.
Go on.
You sound like Trump, man.
It's not weakness to say I made a mistake, I was wrong, and I'm sorry.
He pushed insane conspiracy theories about the guy's death to try and attract the more fringe Bernie voters.
What kind of conspiracy theories?
Like those DNC put out a hit kind of theories?
How’s it a mistake to ask about an unsolved murder?
We have plenty of evidence of who hacked the data.
If you are sincerely interested in discovering who did it and how it was done, you can start here: https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/bears-midst-intrusion-democratic-national-committee/
It’s not that insane... 

Bernie supporter and DNC worker gets shot in back and robbed”-&gt;nothing taken-&gt; 2 weeks later DNC docs get leaked-&gt; the person who published them heavily suggests the leaker was the DNC worker who was shot.
I don’t see how this is controversial.
Our government does incredibly terrible often.
GOP and DEMs.
Is it bc it’s YOUR side that is under question?
The left never questioned Assange before this..
It’s not.
If it was a GOP staffer they’d feel the same way we do.
Question- who paid Crowdstrike?
It’s very obvious.
This isn’t some PizzaGate bs.
Why is it cops always look at husbands of a murdered woman first?
MOTIVE.
Motive here is as clear as day.
The DNC.
Are you suggesting that Crowdstrike is now in on a conspiracy to murder a young man and blame a foreign state?
You did the right thing.
The Seth Rich murder is suspicious as hell and you’re right to question the people who BENEFITTED GREATLY FROM HIS DEATH.
I’m suggesting that crowdstrike was paid to conduct an investigation by an entity that had plenty of motive to do what I’m accusing them of.
Similar to banks paying rating institutions to rate their bonds more highly than the should have.
But that never contributed to a massive financial crisis did it?
The DNC was the client of crowdstrike.
If I were them, I’d want to give my client the results they needed, given what could be on the line for my business.
But there is also data that supports the idea of the files being copied locally, not hacked via internet connection.
There is a massive conflict of interest in both instances and you are blind or dumb if you can’t see that.
Middle of the night.
Nothing taken.
Random fucking murder.
It has evil written all over it.
Go ahead and downvote me.

Summary: 
I think you are very wrong.
I do hope so too that there will be justice.
I want PROOF of collusion.
I think we both know what would happen.
I don’t see how this is controversial.
Would you vote to impeach Trump?
They all get the same money, the same exposure.
We should use that to our advantage.
I would assume charges actually being leveled at them?
(And yes, I know you're not Canova)
It's an incredibly wealthy district.
&amp;#x200B;

I am a law professor and political activist.
Now with that said, I recognize how idealistic that is.
I donate to candidates outside of my district and state sometimes because I believe in their platforms.
I believe that is idealistic, but let’s go with it anyways.
That's a lot of impeachable offenses.
You did the right thing.
what's your yardstick for impeachment?
I hope someday  there will be justice for Seth's family.
He doesn’t attempt to represent his district.
I have pledged to take no PAC money, no corporate donations, no SuperPACs.
I would consider the merits as any case develops.
We need proof, not circumstantial evidence to impeach a president.
Using someone's murder to further his political agenda.
The DNC was the client of crowdstrike.
It's time for me to get back to the campaign trail.
But that’s because I believe that our common thread is that we are all Americans.
If he doesn’t, they won’t donate to him in 2020.
But, like you also pointed out, if you get your money from the wrong people, you’re beholden to them.
Money doesn’t buy votes, it buys exposure.
What are your thoughts on public election funding?
