Original Response: 
Tell me, so we investigate for 3 months and find nothing.
Then another accusation.
3 more months.
And another.
And another.
And yet another.
**Do you realize they could do this forever?
** Literally, forever.
She doesn't know where it happened, when it happened, who was there, **she doesn't even know what year it was**.
It's uninvestigatable.
She named 4 witnesses.
All four witnesses claim she's either lying or mistaken.
That's when the next "victim" came forward.
Now, the FBI has investigated Brett Kav's background 6 times already and found nothing fishy with him.
When does it end?
It ends when he gets impeached and kicked out of office.
"Show me the man and I'll find you the crime".
The talking points of any Stalinist.
Never ending open investigations into only political opponents is an example of an authoritarian government.
Even more frightening is that they are doing this to control the top court in the land.
The left uses courts to push their agendas and destroy their opponents.
Legislating from the bench.
Once the courts are packed full of leftists, this country is finished.
If there’s accusers, they need to be investigations.
He has been accused of *gang raping* groups of women during the 1980s.
It’ll take years to investigate and we can’t let him continue on the bench.
Idc if he’s been accused of eating children.
If there’s no EVIDENCE then it’s nothing but a waste of time.
Trial by media?
There is no evidence.
You can't investigate something when the accuser doesn't know half the facts.
Why should the FBI investigate a "he said, she said" from 35 years ago?
It is a tactic used to stall and dig up dirt.
No different than the Mueller Russia investigation that has went on for a year and a half that hasn't found any Russian collusion.
That investigation has long went past its intended raison d'etre and is clearly a vehicle for the Democrats to dig up dirt on the taxpayers dime.
The Democrats want the FBI to do the same to Kavanuagh.
The question is why a bunch of poltically motivated drunks get to do this and have more credibility than a top jurist in America.
How do you feel about Pizzagate?
Their statements are evidence.
They have no other options but to delay and stall the current administration at every step using these utterly shameless tactics.
Hmm.. Benghazi anyone?
Americans begged to be evacuated over 100 times and got completely ignored by the obama admin, then got brutally murdered.
That's somehow relevant here?

Summary: 
If there’s accusers, they need to be investigations.
Tell me, so we investigate for 3 months and find nothing.
It is a tactic used to stall and dig up dirt.
The Democrats want the FBI to do the same to Kavanuagh.
If there’s no EVIDENCE then it’s nothing but a waste of time.
The talking points of any Stalinist.
