Original Response: 
Nice shot!
What helmet are you using?
Thanks man!
Nexx xr2 carbon I believe.
Great helmet, super lightweight, slightly noisy though!
What do you think about your Nexx helmet?
I use the X.D1 daily &amp; it has many features for it's price(paid 180€) but the build quality isn't great.
Many cheaper helmets have better quality.
&gt; slightly noisy though

That shouldn't matter since you're wearing earplugs.
You're... wearing earplugs, right?
:)
Of course *cough* *cough*
I think it’s pretty well built, not compared to an arai etc but I’m very happy with it and as I’ve had it for a few years I’m considering buying another.
All joking aside, you _really_ should wear earplugs.
Even ignoring the hearing loss, it results in less fatigue, better focus, and honestly it's easier to hear the engine.
I don't know how you guys don't wear them.
It's incredibly uncomfortable to me even if one of them didn't seal right (and too much sound is coming through).
Trust me!
Try it for one session and you'll see (hear?)
the difference.
I use the super-cheap foam ones: https://www.amazon.com/Hearos-5826-Ear-Plugs/dp/B00M0P6FX4.
Yeah recently got an xr2 carbon zero and was kinda of surprised of the build quality.
Was definitely the most expensive helmet ive ever bought and it felt as good if not worse than my 8 year old hjc helmet i replaced it with fit and finish wise.
Stuff didnt fit perfect and removing the pads broke some of the plastic clips.
A chap on the trip has a load of them, I’ll give them a go.
Thanks for the tips, never thought it could have so much affect!
Give them a go.
I was surprised how good they are especially on the street.
You expect them to kill all sound, but really they're more like bullshit filters.
All the sounds I needed to hear without so much of the wind and road noise.
Will do!
Always thought they’d block out any ability to react to sound, I always like to hear if someone’s breathing down my neck so I can expect the overtake.
Appreciate the advice.
I noticed a handful of people using them and always forgot to grab a pair.
But, I was so focused on the track I didn't notice any noise.
Maybe I'm just used to it.
I have an agv k2, pretty sure.
/u/Steev182 is right.
It blocks only the _unwanted_ noise (i.e.
wind noise).
While it _does_ reduce volume across the spectrum, your ears get used to it quickly (ever notice how after a few min in a quiet room you can hear every tiny little sound?).
I find that I'm able to hear the engine of my bike and other vehicles better with earplugs.
Try 'em!
It makes a HUGE difference.
i was looking at that helmet last year!
is it really noisy?
like could you use a sena with it?
i ended up going with the rpha 11 pro but have always been interested in the xr2.
what about a sena headset, would that count as earplugs?
could you use earplugs and a sena?
It’s is noisy, not unbearably, but definitely noticeable when travelling over 60mph.
However that is the only bad thing I can say about it.
I can't ride my bike for more than 10 minutes on the street before my right ear on the exhaust side kills, especially during downshifts.
I can't imagine no ear protection on the track.
So much more comfortable and no need to worry about tinnitus/permanent ear damage.
Earplugs 24/7 even for short trips.
Do you mean the speakers that you stick inside the helmet?
or using plug-in headphones with the Sena?
For the former: NO, not at all.
I'd argue that's worse.
To counteract the wind noise, you'd have to bump the volume way up adding even more dBs into your ears.
Personally, a pair of earplugs with the Sena speakers at 100% volume is perfect.
For the latter: Yeah, that's fine.
I've used in-ear headphones (the ones with the rubber inserts that go in your ear canal) plugged into a headset or phone to listen to music, no prob.
They usually dampen the external noise even more than foam earplugs, depending on the type.
&gt; I don't know how you guys don't wear them.
and I don't know how you do, they usually get dislodge when I'm putting on my helmet and if I mash them in at some point during the ride one always seems to dislodge enough that it's just annoying causing me have to pull over to try to reseat it.
I use them all the time as well, I actually cannot hear my Sena in helmet bluetooth speakers on the interstate unless I'm wearing ear plugs.
It cuts all the wind noise out and all I hear is music and my engine.
Research shows if you cut out one sense (hearing, vision, smell, etc.)
the other senses become more acute and it is easier to focus.
Similar to how blind individuals tend to hear much better without the visual sensory input.
All that to say, if you cut out the wind/road noise your vision concentration improves and your reflexes.
And as one already suggested your hear the actual engine better by filtering out road noises.
Keep the rubber side down.
There's a head tilt ear grab with opposite arm technique I use that seems to help them seat deep.
If I forget to put them in I'll make a point to pull over someplace and do so.
Going any faster than about 50mph is annoying even with stock pipes on an R3.
The plugs make everything much more enjoyable, they might even help your marriage.
🤦.
haha, I've been trying to be better about it actually.
I'll just have to either find something better or develop a better habit of putting my bucket on.
Maybe you know this already but you shouldn't be "mashing them in" all willy nilly, the correct technique with foam earplugs is to roll/squish them into a long sknniy shape, stick it into your ear, and let the foam expand.
If they're correctly inserted, people looking at you face to face shouldnt even be able to see them.
I can tell when I've gotten lazy about the pre-rolling because they work themselves out of my ears like you're saying and it's super annoying.
But hopefully that helps you get them in because tinnitus is a bitch :)
I can honestly say I did not know that, haha.
Thanks for correcting me.
I'll give that a shot tonight on my ride home.
Good looking out.
Yeah, I see a LOT of people wearing them wrong.
The outer flange of the plug should be pretty much level with your tragus.
If it's too long (i.e.
you have very short ear canals), you can cut them shorter with scissors.
My wife does that.
The it should almost reach your eardrum (but not touch it).
Here's an example: https://i.imgur.com/c8OF6gF.png

Good video on how to properly insert them: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xF1CjCugD_M.
Gotcha, it was the former and this was very helpful thank you.
So sena speakers plus earplugs is good, I'll give it a go if I end up buying a sena.
(the only thing holding me back is the windnoise through my helmet gets too loud for a sena but your comment might be a good solution).
As far as traditional headphones in a helmet; I've always wanted to try it but can never get the headphones to stay on while I'm sliding my helmet on.

Summary: 
What helmet are you using?
could you use earplugs and a sena?
like could you use a sena with it?
Maybe I'm just used to it.
or using plug-in headphones with the Sena?
I use the super-cheap foam ones: https://www.amazon.com/Hearos-5826-Ear-Plugs/dp/B00M0P6FX4.
I was surprised how good they are especially on the street.
I can honestly say I did not know that, haha.
I don't know how you guys don't wear them.
It cuts all the wind noise out and all I hear is music and my engine.
Nexx xr2 carbon I believe.
However that is the only bad thing I can say about it.
i was looking at that helmet last year!
Many cheaper helmets have better quality.
I can't imagine no ear protection on the track.
