Original Response: 
We should be honest and open about what is sin,  for sure.
The truth is the truth and we should never sugar coat it but treating someone who is still living in that sin in a hateful way is so evil of a way to be.
So say this person is in a homosexual relationship,  ok yes that is sinful.
Now say that some of the Christians in the church and God forbid maybe elders of teachers with a lot of influence, go behind that person's back and start gossiping and passing judgement on them.
Jesus would tell them that yes,  they saw the sin of homosexuality but in their own hearts they have already committed a multitude of sins by how the treated this person.
1) They did not show this person the love and forgiveness of God.
Not at all.
They were a horrible representation of who Christ is.
(Mark 12:31)

2) They have passed judgement on that person, elevating themselves above them in their mind.
(John 8)

3) They may even hate this person rather than having any compassion for them at all.
If so,  their heart is full of hate.
(1 John 3:15)

4) They have spread gossip and hateful talk about them and possibly even convinced others into treating them the same, especially if those gossiping were in a position of leadership in the church.
(2 Corinthians 12:20)

5) And most importantly, they have probably turned this person away from God.
This person may never come to know Christ because instead of seeing him in his servants they saw nothing but hate.
(Matthew 18:6)

So which is the greater weight of sin?
The person who is living a sinful lifestyle or the one who hates this person for it?
If we want to love God,  we must love our brothers and sisters here on earth as well.
Even if all we get is an eye roll and them telling us to shut up,  it doesn't matter.
Representing Jesus here on earth to everyone we meet, that is who we are supposed to be.
We are pilgrims,  not of this world just passing through on our way home.
We cannot afford to let ourselves be controlled by any other spirit,  ideology, or anything else other than our Lord Jesus and the spirit whom he has given to us all.
If people come to know Christ,  first through his servants and then through prayer to him on their own,  they will eventually want to stop their sin in their own because they know He truly loves them and that his way is right.
Our job is not to judge others it is to show them Christ in us so they will want to have him themselves.
The biggest issue I see on this subreddit is people bullying and harassing gay Christians by telling them over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over that homosexuality is a sin.
They fucking get it.
I don't think there's a single gay person in America who doesn't know that some Christians think they're abominations.
If someone tell you dozens of times every day that you're fat, they're not worried about your health.
They want to make you feel bad so that they can feel better about themselves.
Even in support threads, if the OP is a gay Christian, numerous comments will be posting gotcha bible verses about how homosexuals should be put to death or how detestable it is for men to lie with men.
Edit: Since this is the top comment right now, let me clarify that I'm talking specifically about unsolicited comments.
If a gay person asks your religious opinion, answering them honestly is not bullying.
However there are a lot of posts, even support posts, where the OP just mentions they're gay and BOOM!
If you see that happen, call it out for what it is; harassment pure and simple.
In both the gay and fat instances, you'll probably just get people saying "I'm telling them the truth so they will want to change!
What's more loving than refusing to hide the truth from someone  so they can learn and start bettering themselves!?"
In their minds, they are HELPING the other person by making them want to change the thing that's causing them to receive the remarks.
It's pretty fucked up.
That's why I make a point of telling them that they're being a bully as often as I can.
As someone who was mercilessly teased (partially for religious reasons) as a young person, I know how demoralizing it is to constantly get berated and it makes me sad how often I see it on this subreddit.
I wonder if they realize the bloodguilt they would have if that gay person they harassed ended up killing themselves.
I would hope so, but that hope is thin.
I had a co-worker that was gay and our religious co-workers were constantly inviting him to church, giving him the usual passive agressive nonsense about his sexuality.
He died in a car crash, and instead of offering support or  prayers, they just said stuff like "God saved him from destroying himself.
How loving of him to save another from the path of depravity"

Couldn't believe how insensitive they were, and I can easily see them making similar, if not the same, comments if it was suicide.
Reminds me of a time I was out in field service (door to door preaching) and one of the other Jehovah's Witnesses in my car made up a "fun" game where we would pick which house we wanted to live in when the house's owners were destroyed in Armageddon.
It seems like the more conservative of a Christian you are, the less empathy you have.
&gt;The biggest issue I see on this subreddit is people bullying and harassing gay Christians by telling them over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over that homosexuality is a sin.
They fucking get it.
They do, huh?
How come this question still gets asked on r/Christianity on the daily then?
&gt;If someone tell you dozens of times every day that you're fat, they're not worried about your health.
They want to make you feel bad so that they can feel better about themselves.
Sometimes.
What about when a doctor tells you?
What about when a loved one tells you?
What about when someone who actually gives a crap about a complete stranger just because God demands it wants to warn them they're about to walk off a cliff?
You really seem to assume the worst.
Some people see bullies everywhere.
Who is the doctor of homosexuality?
That was in response to the 'fat' analogy... obviously.
Are you kidding me?
Really bro?
There's a daily homosexual thread and within that thread there are many gays confused about what is considered a sin, so a biblical discussion ensues and in those biblical discussion you will get clarifications on why it's a sin.
How is that abuse and harrassment?
This is complete and utter BS when one clarifies in such topic one is bombarded with a bunch of comments calling you a piece of shit for clarifying what the bible says because that is the topic of discussion.
Don't give me this BS.
That's not even mentioning how you're supposed to clarify not only the bible but your whole life just so they can figure out whether you're a homophobe bigot or not.
Nevermind the discussion, I'm the killer of gays by their and your standard.
Please, find a better argument because this is utter BS

Nevermind being forced to answer irrelevant questions.
Nevermind the obsession thrown the way of those wishing to have a common understanding.
Nope.
We the bigots and killer kf gays.
&gt; They do, huh?
How come this question still gets asked on r/Christianity on the daily then?
What question?
&gt;What about when a doctor tells you?
What about when a loved one tells you?
What about when someone who actually gives a crap about a complete stranger just because God demands it wants to warn them they're about to walk off a cliff?
None of those apply to Reddit or this situation.
First of all, you're not a Priest or a Pastor.
(Maybe you are but I doubt it.
It's not the Priests and Pastors who confront gay people constantly.)
Secondly, you're not their friends or family, you're just an anonymous internet commenter.
Lastly, trust me gays have been warned.
A multitude of times.
On a daily basis.
Unless someone specifically asks for your opinion, you're just adding to the cacophony of hate.
&gt; There's a daily homosexual thread and within that thread there are many gays confused about what is considered a sin, so a biblical discussion ensues and in those biblical discussion you will get clarifications on why it's a sin.
How is that abuse and harrassment?
I specifically clarified in a [post](https://old.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/9cd2gy/treating_a_homosexual_person_with_hate_instead_of/e5a5mou/?context=3) I made earlier that I'm talking about unsolicited comments.
A doctor tells patients because being seriously overweight has negative objective consequences.
And there are ways to lose weight that do not include denying who they are, ways to lose weight where they end up feeling better not worse.
As for a loved one, say it once it is out of love.
Say it over and over and kick you out of the house, that is not from love.
And you would rather they be deceived and walk down a path towards certain destruction?
&gt;I wonder if they realize the bloodguilt they would have if that gay person they harassed ended up killing themselves.
From a biblical view they're already killing themselves or worse.
What makes you think that homosexuality is acceptable?
Even from a secular viewpoint it's hedonistic, corruptive to the ideal of monogamy, and a source of unwarranted disease.
[removed]
&gt; They do, huh?
How come this question still gets asked on r/Christianity on the daily then?
Because nobody is confused about what the majority *believes*, but they aren't sure whether or not the majority is *right*.
[removed]
Seems like this board is overwhelmingly protective of the LGBT community besides an everpresent few that is flatly condemned, actually.
&gt;it's hedonistic, corruptive to the ideal of monogamy, and a source of unwarranted disease

Then lesbians should be the ultimate relationship because they're the most monogamous and the least likely to get a sexually transmitted infection.
Harvey Fierstein.
Those people are the first to reject God when something bad happens to them too.
Their views are shit and oftentimes so is their faith.
This subreddit is surprisingly centrist, actually.
The conservative Christians complain it's too liberal and the liberal Christians complain it's too conservative.
If neither side is happy, that's a sure sign you're not in an echo chamber.
Do you really think that you can rationalize driving people to suicide by imagining in your head that they weren't actually being made worse off?
Must our standards really be this low?
It's not love if you are constantly pounding it into their head.
Just because someone disagrees with you it doesn't mean they're confused.
You win.
I'd have issue with that actually as that depends on the sensitivity of both parties.
Take for instance the people that think the mainstream media in America is right-wing-controlled.
I'd say that seeing the demographic being highly non-denominational Protestant (which is largely left wing), the board is largely defensive of "leftist" social issues sans abortion, the board's Discord is heavily socialist/communist, and the board's moderators are pretty uniformly leftist then this isn't a moderate board at all.
Being slated one way and being an echo chamber are not synonymous.
I'm not saying everyone is perfectly loving, or even those that are loving are infallible in their action.
But I will not say that it is better for them to die in sin and ignorance than to be at least offered a chance at freedom.
Who are you to determine what Love is?
God casting the unrepentant in hell is also an objective consequence.
Denying ourselves and taking up our cross is what Jesus tells us to do.
As for a loved one, how many times do you tell your kid to stop playing in traffic?
Every time.
&gt; The biggest issue I see on this subreddit is people bullying and harassing gay Christians by telling them over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over that homosexuality is a sin.
They fucking get it.
And yet it keeps getting asked over and over.
And over.
If they "f***ing get it", then why do they keep asking?
Or that they keep telling us over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over that homosexuality is not a sin.
Sounds to me like you're whining to the wrong people, friend.
Fair enough.
You treat no other sin this way, and you know it.
Did you read my edit?
&gt;Since this is the top comment right now, let me clarify that I'm talking specifically about unsolicited comments.
If a gay person asks your religious opinion, answering them honestly is not bullying.
Also, someone can believe in God just as much as you do and disagree with your interpretation of the Scriptures.
Apparently our standards must in fact be this low.
"It's okay for me to drive children to suicide, under certain conditions."
Wow.
[removed]
**Homosexualities: A Study of Diversity Among Men and Women**

Homosexualities: A Study of Diversity Among Men and Women (1978) is a book by the psychologist Alan P. Bell and the sociologist Martin S. Weinberg, in which the authors argue that homosexuality is not necessarily related to pathology and divide homosexuals into five different types.
Together with Homosexuality: An Annotated Bibliography (1972), it is part of a series of books that culminated in the publication of Sexual Preference in 1981.
The work was a publication of the Institute for Sex Research.
The book received much attention and mixed reviews.
***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/Christianity/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28.
We don't disown or kick drug addicts out?
We don't condemn the behavior itself along with the lifestyle choices it brings about?
That's news to me.
Oh and I forgot that classically Christian toleration of murder.
We should strive to legalize it and teach our children how murder is just another way of life.
It also has nothing to do with the ethical demands society places upon itself for the basic survival of the system, no thats just silly.
Hold on I think I'm seeing a few parallels here.
&gt; Did you read my edit?
Nope, I had not.
I had a phone call in the middle of my post.
&gt; If a gay person asks your religious opinion, answering them honestly is not bullying.
However there are a lot of posts, even support posts, where the OP just mentions they're gay and BOOM!
If you see that happen, call it out for what it is; harassment pure and simple.
I have absolutely no problem with that and support doing so wholeheartedly (and I have reported such issues as I have seen them occasionally in the past).
I do not support any Christians bullying someone because of disagreement in lifestyles.
Yes, if the issue is brought up, its fair game as long as it is done with truth and care.
I do acknowledge that sometimes my responses do end up fighting fire with fire in discussions that turn aggressive, especially when trolls engage me.
Not the most appropriate way to do things, I understand.
But I and many Christians here do not seek to personally hurt others for our own gain.
And I think if you look over many of these threads, you will find many pro-LGBTQ posters who seek to troll and bait Christians in overly hostile ways.
In other words, there is more than enough wrong to spread around.
I'm not excusing our actions.
We all could certainly improve our discourse in these discussions.
However, you might want to rethink your initial response blaming Christians for all the bullying.
That is certainly not the way I see it in general.
&gt; Also, someone can believe in God just as much as you do and disagree with your interpretation of the Scriptures.
On the other hand, there is only one interpretation of any particular verse, although it can be used in many different applications.
This is according to the techniques of proper hermeneutics.
Just because someone may disagree with interpretation doesn't mean they are right.
As such, the discussion must be made until the truth is revealed.
Or better yet, quit trying to reinvent the wheel and find out if someone already discovered that proper interpretation in the last 2,000+ years...
[removed]
Do you think this tone you've adopted makes those accusations look less warranted, or do you think that aggressively demanding contrition and understanding from a socially disadvantaged minority is perhaps not the best rhetorical strategy?
I imagine they know that.
It seems more likely that they're questioning your positioning of yourself or your ideology as akin to doctors when it comes to sexual ethics than that they're confused by the analogy, don't you agree?
The alleged beloved.
Love is a bilateral relationship.
A stalker's behaviour is not "loving" just because he's managed to convince himself that it is.
You're taking away the autonomy and responsibility from the individual.
You can't kill yourself and call it murder.
That's also not what I said, I'm disavowing some of the actions of people reprimanding homosexuality.
Yes, some of that is bullying.
The accusation however is that any discussion of the moral value of homosexuality is bullying, and that is false.
You can tell someone they are doing something wrong without it being hate or bullying.
In fact I expect true friends of mine to show me where I have erred, so that I may better know what to improve in myself.
I think the original assertion that people tell you you're fat because they are bullies who just want to make themselves feel better is easily counterable, since there are perfectly legitimate people who would tell you that and have your best interest at heart.
By the same token there are Christians who would do the same regarding homosexual behavior, and with the same motives.
[removed]
&gt; You're taking away the autonomy and responsibility from the individual.
You can't kill yourself and call it murder.
Suicide is not an autonomous act and bullying a 9 year old kid to the point of suicide *is* murder.
&gt; The accusation however is that any discussion of the moral value of homosexuality is bullying, and that is false.
I'll believe that once I see a "discussion of the moral value of homosexuality" that doesn't involve slanderous hysteria and that ridiculous privileging of the detractor's own sexual proclivities.
Until then, no dice.
&gt;God casting the unrepentant in hell is also an objective consequence.
You don't seem to understand what objective means.
&gt;Denying ourselves and taking up our cross is what Jesus tells us to do.
Far too many seem to pick up the cross and swing it at people.
&gt;As for a loved one, how many times do you tell your kid to stop playing in traffic?
Every time.
Why do you think you should treat adults as children?
Wait, I think I understand you.
It is my responsibility to constantly tell you how Christianity is wrong and how you are screwing up your life believe in the childish fairytales.
Constantly.
&gt; By the same token there are Christians who would do the same regarding homosexual behavior, and with the same motives.
Interesting that their supposed concern has absolutely no material basis and no legitimate moral justification.
A doctor contrariwise can point to actual reasons why a person shouldn't be fat and to genuine expertise they possess with regard to human health and hence can be easily believed when they express concerns about a patient's weight.
&gt;We don’t disown or kick drug addicts out?
I sure hope you don’t.
That’s shitty.
You kick them out for stealing or bringing ruin to you somehow, because it’s perfectly understandable to put your mental health and safety first.
If a LGBT person was sexually assaulting you or harassing you, you’d be well within your rights to protect yourself from someone’s intent to harm you.
It’s funny, I actually work with addicts and the whole “tough love” disowning bullshit does not work.
Yeah they end up in our program out of desperation sometimes because that kind of treatment was devastating, but they aren’t doing it to get clean/sober.
They’re often doing it because someone emotionally blackmailed them.
Nobody is going to get sober in a genuine, lasting way unless they are personally ready to get help.
The statistics out there for suicide, homelessness, substance abuse, and other destructive things are around 2-3x higher in LGBT youth than in their cis/hetero peers.
No one has ever genuinely “turned” straight because they were treated badly by the church or their family.
Not one.
&gt;	Oh and I forgot that classically Christian toleration of murder.
False equivalence is false.
The only thing they have in common is that they are both sins.
I wonder why you escalated the comparison instead of using, say, adultery or fornication.
Oh that’s right, because it would cut the legs right from under your point.
What really gets me is that there is such an ugly, hateful, visceral, and sometimes violent homophobia out there in the world, and while Christians may not commit violence or condone it—they do little to nothing to distinguish themselves from it.
You flow into the stream of it and tell yourselves it’s just God giving you a disgust for unholiness.
I don’t buy it.
&gt; It was straight from the heart.
That's unfortunate.
I think you meant objective in the sense that someone would get fat from eating too much whether they believed it would happen or not, because calories.
In a likewise manner, the wages of sin is death.
If you think *God's position* on homosexuality is subjective, you can take it up with Him.
&gt;Why do you think you should treat adults as children?
Just saying you don't stop protecting people you care about.
This is from the 70s with flawed sampling.
Obviously gay communities can't survive because they can't have kids.
How exactly is it bad?
I don't understand your argument I guess.
You seem to be under the impression that Christianity is a mere religion and is not actually objectively true.
&gt; I do acknowledge that sometimes my responses do end up fighting fire with fire in discussions that turn aggressive, especially when trolls engage me.
Not the most appropriate way to do things, I understand.
It happens to me too, all the time.
Certain topics get me heated because I feel so deeply for the people involved.
No matter how much I try to be civil, my emotions get the best of me.
I think everyone has been guilty of speaking before thinking.
&gt;Just because someone may disagree with interpretation doesn't mean they are right.
And just because someone agrees with the interpretation doesn't mean they are right.
I'm under the impression that moral statements need better justification than particular interpretations of religious texts.
I don't know whether that's just a restatement of what you said.
I couldn’t disagree more.
I’m a conservative and a Christian.
(I won’t even pretend to try and say I don’t struggle with sin though, I certainly do.)
I’m very empathetic, maybe even to a fault.
I know and know of plenty of Christians who are too.
Different churches/Christian groups are always starting projects trying to do things to help the less fortunate in the different communities.
As a matter of fact, studies have shown that Christians, as a whole, do more (have charities, etc) to help the less fortunate than any other groups, whether it be different religions or non-believers.
Does that mean that there aren’t any Christians who aren’t jerks?
(I used the word jerks for the sake of this subreddit, but use your imagination for worse terms and it’s probably what I was thinking.)
Absolutely not.
As you mentioned, you dealt with it yourself and I’m sorry you went through that.
I’ve known people from my church or other churches in the community that I wouldn’t have given the time of day because they were just mean people.
Not only that but just as bad the ones who were so self-righteous it made me sick.
It’s why one of my favorite songs by my favorite singer ever is No Earthly Good by Johnny Cash.
I’ve known some people who needed to listen to it, though I don’t know they’d even realize that it’s for them to learn from.
Anyway, sorry for the ramble.
Point is, I wouldn’t try to say there aren’t any mean Christians.
We both know better from experience.
However, as a whole, there isn’t a more empathetic group of people.
&gt; We have monogamy to provide the best environment for child-rearing, another thing barred from homosexuality by nature.
Are you equally against infertile people or women past menopause marrying?
&gt;Somewhere north of 30% of male gays have had over 500 sexual partners.
Is that because they're gay or is that because they're men?
&gt;There are no societies like this in history because they die out.
Homosexuality makes up something like 8% of the population.
It's not like, if we treat gay people as equals, suddenly everyone is going to be gay.
That's ridiculous.
&gt;It doesn't take the bible to explain why homosexuality is bad, and nearly every single culture, and all major religions agree.
I noticed you said nearly.
So you agree that there have been cultures where homosexuality is not believed to be a sin.
I still don't see any logical, reasonable secular arguments for homosexuality being detrimental.
Okay, but you have some Christians telling homosexuals over and over and over and over and over...that homosexual actions are not a sin.
Maybe you think the bible gives bad advice then, or that our interpretation is off.
Surely you concede that a person could have positive motives aside from all that?
I'm talking about my experience specifically as an atheist and growing up in a high control religious group.
Sorry if that wasn't clear from my personal anecdote.
I could list dozens of pretty heinous things Christians have said or done to me or people I care about.
If I took the time to think about it, I could probably list hundreds.
They have different beliefs from you.
Agree to disagree and move on.
If they exist, I've never met them.
Luckily, there is a bible verse that might be able to help you.
&gt;1 Corinthians 13:4-7 New International Version (NIV)

&gt;4 Love is patient, love is kind.
It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud.
5 It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs.
6 Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth.
7 It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
I don't see anything in there about bullying or harassing someone you disagree with.
For you.
Objective means we have evidence all of us can look it and agree on.
You have no evidence for Hell.
No evidence that your oppression of gate is not sending you to Hell.
&gt;Just saying you don't stop protecting people you care about.
I agree.
We need to stamp out Christianity and save all those people.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I suppose you're more active here than I am, but I'm gay and have never been harrassed here for being gay.
Homosexuality is also not a sin.
Saying otherwise is flirting with heresy... a problem that has plagued the evangelical right since it was knowable as the evangelical right.
Downvote away... lol.
I'm very glad you haven't had that experience yet.
[deleted]
So the other side can spit their beliefs out but not us?
Cheers.
And even if I did, it would be of little consequence beyond the extent to which bigoted heretics delegitimize the church and further divide it from the communities of people it ought to be orienting its actions to serve.
There are basically two things that have driven Christianity to the point of being a subject of popular contempt now: the first is the Catholic church's disgraceful coverups of rampant sexual abuse for generations, and the second is the toxicity of the evangelical right (one aspect of which is its homophobia).
It's sad.
Very sad.
Um...what?
Either this is a joke or you have serious reading comprehension issues...
I'm quite tired at the moment so I'm hoping I'm just missing the sarcasm.
On one side, gay people should have the same rights as everyone else.
On the other side, gay people are sinners and not worthy of a church community?
You can tell your kid over and over again to not be gay.
I don't think that works.
Umm...
I literally said agree to disagree.
That implies a dialogue.
As I've said before, this isn't about situations where you're having a discussion with someone about their and your beliefs about homosexuality.
I'm specifically addressing unsolicited comments and haranguing people you disagree with.
Well that's not even the argument.
There is no sin in being a gay person.
&gt;Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth.
So is gay sex "the truth" in which you rejoice?
Why are you even quoting something you (or at least your flair) doesn't believe in?
I will concede yes some people are bullied or harassed for this and other reasons, but I don't do or condone that in reality.
Regardless, why do you think I shouldn't be allowed to say, all else equal, that "X is wrong".
That is not bullying or harassing, that is a truth statement absent any specific judgement of individuals.
Wow.
Everything you said in that sentence, was wrong.
This is so true.
I get it all the time and it only makes me depressed like why should I spend time in Christian spaces if it's just going to be more of that stuff, more of making me feel like I'm wasting my time w this shit

like right now i can't decide if I should even leave this comment here b/c i hate being on this sub it only makes me more depressed every time I see the same stuff over and over.
&gt; that some Christians think they're abominations.
And that right there is the primary problem, which ties into the original post.
The person is not an abomination.
The act might be, but the person is **NOT**.
That person was made in the image of God, and is loved by Jesus.
That person should also be loved by us, regardless of the sins that are committed.
You might want to spread that word to a lot of other fellow Christians.
[removed]
Yeah.
What you just said *would* be pretty pointless.
Removed for suggesting violence against a group of people.
Do you really think there is any way to ungay a kid?
If you child grows up and says that they are gay....what then?
Removed under 2.3.
&gt;Suicide is not an autonomous act

It literally is by definition.
No one else you can kill yourself

&gt;bullying a 9 year old kid to the point of suicide is murder.
Why do you bring children into arguments about sexuality, that's fucking disgusting.
Any bullying of any nine year old is just bullying.
Even if the pretext is them being gay, that's just an excuse to bully them.
At that age its just kids being assholes to eachother for one reason or another, and have absolutely no basis for believing someone is or isn't actually gay, if they could even formulate why it's a bad thing.
&gt;I'll believe that once I see a "discussion of the moral value of homosexuality" that doesn't involve slanderous hysteria 

You went from saying "Attempts at helping someone learn something is just a disguised form of abuse" to "You must want to make kids kill themselves" Look in the mirror for once in your life.
&gt;and that ridiculous privileging of the detractor's own sexual proclivities.
Until then, no dice.
You're alive because your parents were straight.
If your parents were 100 gay and were allowed to practice that to the full extent of its meaning, you would not exist.
That's not ridiculous privileging.
Your very existence depends on heterosexuality being the successful mode of life and reproduction.
I don't think there's any way to free ourselves of the temptation to commit *all kinds* of sin.
Some people are tempted one way, and some another.
I don't look down my nose at anyone just because they're tempted in different ways than I am.
What I would say again and again as often as I felt my kid actually cared about their relationship with Christ is that it's not acceptable to God to live in sin.
It's always a struggle, but if we really love God we won't just give up, and we definitely won't lie about what the bible says.
God's opinion &gt; mine.
&gt; I guess you just love bloody, disease ridden, increased cancer risk rectums.
Holy shit!
If anal sex resulted in bloody, disease ridden, increased cancer risk rectums, hospitals would be filled to capacity with straight people because through sheer numbers they have a lot more anal sex than gay men do.
&gt; Then theres also the examples of cultures literally right before their downfall like the pedophilic Greeks and degenerate western romans.
You know next to nothing about history.
Neither of those civilizations fell because of gay sex.
&gt;It's because they are gay men.
Even the most promiscuous of straight men don't come close to that, and neither do gay women.
On the promiscuity scale it goes:

Gay male couples (two men)

Straight couples (one man and one woman)

Gay female couples (two women)

Notice anything?
Yes I am implying that, generally speaking, men are horndogs.
&gt;As for menopause, basically yes they should be doing other things with their lives.
Wow.
I'm in early menopause due to a complete hysterectomy I had last year to remove a cancerous tumor in my uterus.
My husband and I don't have children.
Guess I should get a divorce and tell my lovely husband I need to do other things with my life.
So that was a interesting non answer.
Your kid at 16 comes out to you as gay.
what do you do?
Are you of the idea that if they come out gay they are now living a life in sin?
I know it's tough.
But you should leave it up anyway because fuck them that's why.
They don't get to dictate your beliefs or who you love.
Then please tell my why you think that please.
&gt; So is gay sex "the truth" in which you rejoice?
No.
The truth is the truth in which I rejoice.
&gt;Regardless, why do you think I shouldn't be allowed to say, all else equal, that "X is wrong".
Again, I'm talking about haranguing someone with unsolicited comments they've already heard time and time again.
&gt; It literally is by definition.
No, it literally *isn't*, by definition.
Suicide is irrational and is the result of either inherent or environmentally forced psychiatric conditions.
Abusive environments are the latter.
A suicidal person is no more "autonomous" than a sleepwalker.
&gt; Why do you bring children into arguments about sexuality, that's fucking disgusting.
Oh look, *there's* the not-so-subtle attempted equivocation of gay rights and pedophilia.
I was wondering when you'd get around to it.
A pretty sizable chunk of people have their first crushes at around that time, and obviously that would inform you pretty well of your sexuality.
Are you one of those people who thinks being gay means you've actually had sex or something like that?
Anyway, I was referring to an *actual recent case* of a nine year old boy who killed himself after coming out to his classmates and then later killed himself after being relentlessly bullied for it.
I'm sorry if you find that *fact* distressing, we all do, but ignoring it doesn't make you look very good.
&gt;You went from saying "Attempts at helping someone learn something is just a disguised form of abuse" to "You must want to make kids kill themselves"

But it is, and you do.
Gay people who seek pastoral counseling become more likely to commit suicide.
Gay teenagers from conservative Christian households are more likely to commit suicide.
Your beliefs are always and everywhere statistically associated with higher risks of self-harm for queer people, and you're perfectly fine with that.
&gt; You're alive because your parents were straight.
If your parents were 100 gay and were allowed to practice that to the full extent of its meaning, you would not exist.
That's not ridiculous privileging.
Your very existence depends on heterosexuality being the successful mode of life and reproduction.
This is the worst argument that anyone has ever made about anything in the history of forever.
If my parents had decided to be celibate I also wouldn't exist, but that obviously doesn't mean that celibacy is evil or inferior to being sexually active.
On top of that, being gay *is not a decision* (it isn't it really isn't why don't you people understand that oh my god), so this entire exercise of yours is a failure from the start.
I love this comment.
We're made in God's image, and my compassion and love for people just screams that homosexuality as a sin just doesn't seem right.
Surely other some Christians feel this way?
I don't know what the truth is, but God says to love everyone no matter what their sin so that's all I gotta do.
[deleted]
Tbh you should leave the sub if it isn't doing you any good.
&gt; Why do you bring children into arguments about sexuality, that's fucking disgusting.
Maybe because a 9 year old boy was, in fact, bullied to the point that he committed suicide?
No person is an abomination but certain sins are.
yeah i basically have.
i used to be more of a regular but now i just pop in once in a while.
should just stay away.
If my kid acts on that temptation, and doesn't see anything wrong with it, then we're just going to have to not agree, just like you and I clearly do not agree.
Ultimately, it doesn't matter what I think about it because my kid answers to God, as will I.

Alternatively, if my kid came out as gay and loved God, and recognized what the bible said about it, I'd do whatever I could to help them.
The difference really is that some Christians place God's opinion over their own, and some "Christians" do not.
If someone is going to call themselves one, they should expect to be held up to a standard that loves God first.
You couldn't agree to disagree.
It is your son.
And for thousands of kids each year, the idea of agree to disagree is a parent disagreeing to offer their kid a place in their home.
And when you say that you would do whatever you could to "help" them" what would that look like.
Because a lot of times, this meant that parents would send their kid to pray away the gay.
Or whatever variant of that.
Wait, non-denominationals are left wing?
You can actually just cut to the part where you call me a heartless piece of crap.
You don't have to waste time asking questions where the only correct answer is 'Christianity is not as important as people's feelings'.
Why would I call you that.
Unless you would kick your son out of the house if they were gay.
That’s the thing, Christians don’t claim perfection.
They are broken.
They say hurtful things just like you do and just like everyone does.
It’s because we are broken and need help just as everyone does.
It seems to me that everyone hears that someone is a Christian and I guess expect perfection from them.
If I say I’m a Christian that doesn’t mean I am claiming to be better than anyone or I am saying I won’t mess up.
I’m saying the exact opposite.
I am saying I see my wickedness, I see my need for a savior.
Lastly, everyone who claims to be a Christian might not necessarily be a Christian.
I would say someone who claims Christ yet constantly engages in degrading people and in derogatory speech and they are not repenting and progressively putting that sin to death then they should have no assurance that they know Christ.
If you know Christ you are progressively being made into his image and progressively growing to be more like Him.
I’m sorry you have had bad experiences.
I just had to say my part in Christian’s defense.
Not everyone is like that.
🖖🏼.
They trend that way, yes.
Their non-denominational status usually stems from their liberalism.
Yes, the various groups that refuse to be grouped collectively are mainly in this one group /s

As one of the larger non-denominational set of churches is the Church of Christ, which tend to be conservative (if only due to their cultural location), I'd wager non-denominationals weigh heavier on the conservative side.
But of course, one of the points here is each is unique in their belief and doctrine.
So, simply because I feel that homosexuality is sin and is unnatural and I let someone know that opinion I have, that is bullying?
Literally wtf is wrong with these people.
You can rebuke their inconsistent theology and easy answers that shouldn't exist in any authentic form of Christianity but God help me if I'm gay.
Suddenly that makes me the bad guy even though I'm much more certain if God existed he'd be angrier about a bunch of people pretending they understand him and violently oppressing and killing people in his name.
And yes to any Christian who's seen this that has happened to me by people quoting the Bible and saying they believe in Jesus as Lord and Savior, who decided it was fine bto hurt and kill my loved ones.
So don't suddenly give me the "no true Christian" fallacy when you probably cry about how Islam is evil because of ISIS.
OK, but it needs to change still.
Were called to confront our brothers and sisters about their problems.
If they don't change/repent, they should leave.
Calling out someone for their body type is a sin, where as calling out a brother or sister for their sin is to help them repent.
Definitely not the same thing.. Again, if they refuse to change their sin, they shouldn't still be hanging around, especially to confuse newcomers that this kind of thing is ok.
Same goes with all sin.
You can't just let it sit around in the church or it WILL take it over when unconfronted and unchanged.
I've seen it happen 3 times.
I'm serious.
3 times the church did this in my town.
3 times the church failed.
Always confront sin in brothers or sisters for what it is.
Love them, but confront it.
Help them change.
If they refuse, they are to leave.
&gt;This is according to the techniques of proper hermeneutics.
It's just that most hermeneutics are eisegetical.
I’ll never understand how a low church is against gay.
Like, you’re out there saying you don’t really care how you praise, but you care how you love?
Meanwhile the high doesn’t care how you love so long as you’re essentially still catholic when you praise?
Am I wrong about this?
The later makes sense to me.
The former seems off their rocker.... and I’m right leaning.
I think politics is fucking annoying in the church.
If I hear a sermon without politics, I’m fucking happy.
You’re so spot on.
Why is that removed?
As a Christian who has been in both a conservative non denominal church, and a Catholic one, I have never heard of anyone calling someone a sinner because they happen to have an inclination towards the same sex.
You haven't heard gay people called sinners?
And what does having an inclination towards the same sex even mean.
They are gay.
Aside from fringe groups on TV.
Nope.
Yes they are gay.
But I'm specifically pointing out the attraction part.
As obviously to any sexuality, there are attractions which the sexual acts are ordered to.
I have never met or seen a Christian in real life that has ever said anyone was sinful because of an attraction.
I have a homosexual coworker that explained to me that being homosexual isn’t a sin.
I struggle with his explanation that he was given by an LGBTQ Christian Church because I have not heard it any where else.
I would love to hear your explanation to your statement that it’s not a sin and is heresy to say that it is.
Is that why conservative Christians donate the most and adopt the most poor kids?
Homosexuality is a sin.
There's nothing wrong with saying that.
The problem is when people focus on one sin but not others.
I grew up an atheist and I could list the heinous things non-spiritual people have done and I bet my list would top yours...
But in the end, they're anecdotes whose parts don't necessarily reflect the whole.
Suggesting someone is not Christian because the don't agree with you violates our rules here.
Scare quoting the word Christian applies as it's endlessly used as a way to delegitimize others.
Yes.
The problem you’re failing to see in the discussion is so many people don’t see homosexuality as a sin at all.
Therefore there is no reason to “call the out” people on it, because there is no problem with it.
&gt; I grew up an atheist and I could list the heinous things non-spiritual people have done and I bet my list would top yours...
I'm interested to hear what heinous things atheists have done to you.
I'll share two of mine since I'm asking you to talk about things that are personal.
My brother is shunning me because I'm an atheist.
Last year I was diagnosed with uterine cancer and had to have a complete hysterectomy.
He didn't care at all, only used the opportunity to preach at me again then kept ignoring me.
I'm not sure if he knows whether I'm alive or dead.
The ironic thing is that I was the one who supported and encouraged him to go to church when he asked me for advice.
As a young teenager, a close friend of mine was raped.
The Elders in our congregation interrogated her about every little detail.
("Did you like it?")
Keep in mind this is a 14 or 15 year old girl in a room with three middle aged or older men.
They decided to publicly reprove her (for being raped) and announced from the stage on Sunday that she was marked as bad association.
But yet it is a problem...
The Bible states it many times.
As well as things like being a murderer, thief, adulterer, etc.
These are things the Bible addresses.
Those who dont take it as a reality are those who are obviously in danger of not inheriting the kingdom of heaven.
1 Corinthians 6:9
Or do you not know that wrongdoers will not inherit the kingdom of God?
Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral nor idolaters nor adulterers nor men who have sex with men

If ones who say they are saved or Christian but yet don't repent, Jesus warns of this as well.
21 “Not everyone who says to me, ‘Lord, Lord,’ will enter the kingdom of heaven, but the one who does the will of my Father who is in heaven.
22 On that day many will say to me, ‘Lord, Lord, did we not prophesy in your name, and cast out demons in your name, and do many mighty works in your name?’ 23 And then will I declare to them, ‘I never knew you; depart from me, you workers of lawlessness.’

These verses go hand in hand.
If people who don't repent from their sins, how could they possibly be saved?
Being actively and knowingly disobedient to God and not wanting to change for God.. 

You can't truly love God without repentance.
How?
&gt; So, simply because I feel that **race-mixing** is sin and is unnatural and I let someone know that opinion I have, that is bullying?
I think it would be insulting to you to assume you need further explanation.
Humor me.
All expressions of bigotry and prejudice constitute bullying toward the victimized group.
Telling a gay person that their sexuality is "unnatural" and that they can never licitly love another human being is such an expression the same way railing against interracial marriage would be an expression of racism.
&gt; Calling out someone for their body type is a sin, where as calling out a brother or sister for their sin is to help them repent.
Definitely not the same thing.
Gluttony is a sin in the Bible.
I never said that they could never licitly love another human being.
If it is my opinion that it is unnatural for two guys to be together or two girls to be together that is not bigoted or bullying.
That is an opinion that you and everyone else is free to disagree with.
I think it’s a little closed minded for many people to dislike Christians and to go as far as trying to silence them because of a differing opinion and i would even venture to say, that could be bullying.
I understand that there have been some bad instances where someone claiming to be a Christian has partaken in hate-speech or degraded someone just bc of their orientation.
That is not the majority and I’m sorry if you or someone you know has had that experience.
&gt;  is people bullying and harassing gay Christians by telling them over and over ... that homosexuality is a sin

I think the problem here is that saying that homosexuality is a sin is not bullying or harassment.
Likewise I am not bullying you if I tell you that lusting after a woman who are not your wife is sin.
Or you rejecting Christ is sin.
Or really any sin.
The point is that we are all sinners.
I am a sinner too!
Yes , taking way more than you need.
And always wanting more.
In some cases, sure, that's what makes you fat.
Others have something wrong with their body/eating disorders... Or they're born with the genes for a bigger body.
&gt; I never said that they could never licitly love another human being.
If it is my opinion that it is unnatural for two guys to be together or two girls to be together

You literally contradict yourself one sentence to the next.
If you think same-sex relationships are wrong, then you think gay people are incapable of licitly loving another human being in a complete way.
Period.
&gt;  I think it’s a little closed minded for many people to dislike Christians

Who said anything about disliking Christians?
Lots of Christians, probably most of them in the developed world at least, are perfectly decent people who have no problem with same-sex relationships.
&gt; That is an opinion

&gt; to go as far as trying to silence them because of a differing opinion

The fact that it's your opinion doesn't stop it from being bigoted and wrong.
To use my earlier example, if someone thinks that miscegenation is wrong, that's "just their opinion" just as much as your beliefs regarding gay people are, but that obviously doesn't mean their "opinion" isn't racist trash.
Are you demanding that I give your beliefs in particular special treatment?
&gt; I understand that there have been some bad instances where someone claiming to be a Christian has partaken in hate-speech or degraded someone just bc of their orientation

If you think that that's limited to "some bad instances", I don't know what to tell you.
Even a cursory glance at the effect people who share your beliefs actually have should be enough to turn anyone's stomach.
Removed the quotes.
Can you reapprove it?
1.)
I disagree, within my beliefs, it’s a sin that you either struggle with and defeat or you give into it.
It’s a sin just as viewing pornography and masturbating is a sin and is wrong and I would tell anyone that.
That doesn’t mean that someone who is addicted to pornography is unable to, at some point, licitly love someone.
2.)
“Even a cursory glance at the effect people who share your beliefs actually have should be enough to turn anyone's stomach.” — this tells me you dislike Christians.
3.)
do I think there are right and wrong opinions?
Yes.
Do I think we should try to silence anyone who we feel is wrong?
No.
What you are doing is bigoted.
What you are saying is closed-minded.
The evidence is in the very words you type.
Also, you are taking what I am saying out of context.
My belief is in the Bible, I believe it is the word of God.
In that, it tells anyone who reads it that homosexuality is wrong.
That is completely different from someone being against interracial relationships and things of that nature.
Simple biology tells you that homosexuality is unnatural, that is a completely different argument than if interracial relationships are right or wrong.
Don’t bring a different argument in.
I am speaking about a Christian’s right to voice their belief on homosexuality.
4.)
what is it exactly that you think my beliefs are?
I have simply stated my views on homosexuality yet you know all of my beliefs?
Please elaborate.
&gt; I disagree, within my beliefs, it’s a sin that you either struggle with and defeat or you give into it.
It’s a sin just as viewing pornography and masturbating is a sin and is wrong and I would tell anyone that.
That doesn’t mean that someone who is addicted to pornography is unable to, at some point, licitly love someone.
That implies that you think a gay person can become straight, which is delusional.
&gt; “Even a cursory glance at the effect people who share your beliefs actually have should be enough to turn anyone's stomach.” — this tells me you dislike Christians.
Then you should pay closer attention.
Not all Christians and bigots and not all bigots are Christians.
&gt; do I think there are right and wrong opinions?
Yes.
Do I think we should try to silence anyone who we feel is wrong?
No.
What you are doing is bigoted.
What you are saying is closed-minded.
The evidence is in the very words you type.
You're being criticized, not persecuted.
I promise you there's a difference.
&gt; Also, you are taking what I am saying out of context.
My belief is in the Bible, I believe it is the word of God.
In that, it tells anyone who reads it that homosexuality is wrong.
That is completely different from someone being against interracial relationships and things of that nature.
Simple biology tells you that homosexuality is unnatural, that is a completely different argument than if interracial relationships are right or wrong.
I don't care what rationalization you made up in your head to justify your prejudice to yourself.
&gt; what is it exactly that you think my beliefs are?
I have simply stated my views on homosexuality yet you know all of my beliefs?
Please elaborate

Is this the part where you think I'm going to describe some kind of Westerboro or Stephen Anderson nonsense and you get to swoop in a cure me of my horrible misunderstanding of your views?
I hate to disappoint you but I'm under no such impression.
You think that "homosexual acts" are immoral.
You'll distinguish this from thinking that simply "having sex-sex attraction" is wrong; you don't hate the *person*, only their *actions*, which you think are no worse in principle than adultery or masturbation or having sex before marriage.
You'll claim to believe this because in your supposed view the only licit expression of sex is within the confines of marriage, which by definition is between one man and one woman because sex must be directed toward unity and procreation, which can only happen between heterosexual couples.
Done.
Thanks.
That is your opinion, which is your right.
My point exactly.
Peopled really shouldn’t lump everyone together.
I don’t believe I said you were persecuting me or even criticizing me for that matter.
My point is, if you look up the definition of bigotry, that is exactly what you are doing.
You are intolerant toward people who have differing beliefs from you.
No prejudice here, just what I believe and the authority I got it from.
No, I just was confused as to what was “enough to turn anyone’s stomach.” After reading that list of beliefs, what is it exactly that is stomach turning and bigoted about that?
&gt; That is your opinion

No, it's a fact.
&gt; My point exactly.
Peopled really shouldn’t lump everyone together

You're the one lumping all Christians together.
&gt; I don’t believe I said you were persecuting me or even criticizing me for that matter.
You said you were being "silenced".
Same thing.
&gt; No prejudice here, just what I believe

What you believe is prejudiced.
&gt; No, I just was confused as to what was “enough to turn anyone’s stomach.” After reading that list of beliefs, what is it exactly that is stomach turning and bigoted about that?
Besides the obvious inherent homophobic bigotry?
The fact that gay kids whose parents believe things like that are several times more likely to kill themselves than ones whose parents don't.
&gt; 1 Corinthians 6:9

"Written in Greek, the meaning of these words is sometimes contested.
Among these words are two that have been interpreted
to describe same-sex relations.
At least one of the words (malakoi) is so uncertain in its meaning that no solid argument can be based on it one way or the other.
The other word (aresenokoitai) is probably a shorthand expression for the prohibition of a man lying with a man as with a woman in Leviticus 18:22.
7 These vice lists do not contribute substantially to the debate, but they do point us to a text which does, Leviticus; and they serve at least to underline the importance of Leviticus for several New Testament writers."
http://archive.episcopalchurch.org/documen/ToSetOurHope_eng.pdf.
Here's a couple viewpoints:

* https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/7e4hgi/how_come_so_many_people_here_support_and/dq2oqmy/
* https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/6cv5et/how_do_you_as_a_christian_view_homosexuality/dhxpuwq/
* http://archive.episcopalchurch.org/documents/ToSetOurHope_eng.pdf.
We don't have an official Discord channel.
When's the last time you advocated for forcing a re-married person to get divorced or leave the church?
This isn't official?
https://www.reddit.com/r/Christianity/comments/89hntq/reminder_we_have_a_rchristianity_discord_chat/

It's still the board discord channel either way.
Thank you!
Read all of your responses and tell me how your views are not bigoted and prejudice?
You throw around these words and it seems like you don’t truly know the definition of them honestly.
You don’t like my views and you are dead set on calling me and my views bigoted.
I only replied to say that the very thing you are accusing people of being is the same thing you are doing/being.
You are trying to minimize my beliefs because you don’t agree and that is what is wrong with society.
Just because I believe something different from you, it doesn’t mean I’m out to get you.
Anytime.
I try to understand and be sensitive to both sides and am free to talk about it whenever.
Dunno, do you let Protestants "spit their beliefs out" without harassing them?
&gt; This isn't official?
Not at all.
No mod here has any control over there.
They can call it what they want, but it's not officially run in coordination with this subreddit.
&gt; It's still the board discord channel either way

No, it's not.
I don't know if I've ever harassed anyone for their religious beliefs (at least not since I was an atheist).
So do you feel the need to "call out the sins" of everyone you meet who disagrees with you on theology or who is engaging in sin without repenting of it?
Because that must be *exhausting,* especially if you meet someone on the other side of the Catholic/Protestant divide.
So many errors and sins to cover....

Well, that or you're just singling out homosexuality as a special bugbear because you still have an unaddressed bias against LGBT folks, allowing you to ignore the fact that you and so many others only treat a unique subset of debatable "sinners" in this way.
&gt;Yes , taking way more than you need.
And always wanting more.
In some cases, sure, that's what makes you fat.
How many fat people of the type you described have you called out for their sin?
&gt; Read all of your responses and tell me how your views are not bigoted and prejudice?
Easy: intolerance of intolerance is not actually intolerance.
It is in fact *necessary for* tolerance.
This is a really basic principle of open society.
Hahaha responding to you is pointless.
I’m not aware of that theory.
Point me towards the person who came up with that, I’d love to read more about that theory of “basic principles of open society.”.
&gt; In their minds, they are HELPING the other person by making them want to change the thing that's causing them to receive the remarks

Which means they have good intent, even if you fault their methods.
Given that, why such hatred and bile?
&gt; I’m not aware of that theory

Don't hold me responsible for you not knowing [super basic political theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paradox_of_tolerance).
You brought the theory into this argument, the burden of explaining it is on you.
That’s how a debate works.
I have “Princeton Readings in Political Thought” on my desk now and I’m wondering which reading I need to turn to to find that theory.
I’d rather not use Wikipedia.
I don't know how to give you a page reference for your own schoolbook, but I'm assuming it covers Karl Popper.
I don't believe I've mentioned anything about hating them in any of my posts.
I just said I find them incredibly insensitive.
Good people can do terrible things with good intentions.
But it's their actions we have to deal with, not their thoughts, and their actions are causing harm regardless of whether they intend it or not.
Don't catholics do this?
I thought they did.
&gt; This is so true.
I get it all the time and it only makes me depressed like why should I spend time in Christian spaces if it's just going to be more of that stuff, more of making me feel like I'm wasting my time w this shit

The way I see it, you're probably not going to change the mind of the person you're arguing with, but lurkers on the fence who see your comments will be persuaded and encouraged.
I have plenty of debates on this and other topics, and it's never to change the mind of the person I'm directly replying to.
The back and forth between you and the other guy is very full of hateful rhetoric.
[deleted]
THANK YOU!
I have *literally never* heard that on a Christian sub before.
It's the over and over and over that's the problem.
Like, yes, okay, you think I'm sinning just by existing, ta awfully, got it now, there's nothing I can do about it, just like there was nothing I could do about it last time you said it or the time before that or...
I personally believe 'being gay' isn't a sin, and experiencing gender dysphoria isn't a sin, it's just *a thing you get stuck with*.
Like anorexia or alcoholism or shortsightedness.
It's something you can't help being, and yes, it's a result of the fall, but the person stuck with it isn't evil for being stuck with it!
What you can help is how you respond to what you're stuck with.
My policy is 'say it once and let it go'.
Saying *once*, 'I believe homosexual acts are sinful' and then dropping the subject isn't harassment.
Same as making a phone call isn't harassment.
But if you're calling someone every day after they've said 'hey, drop it now', *that's* harassment.
And if you're saying 'being gay is a sin' every time you see them, *especially* after they've definitely got the message, *that's* harassment.
My pastor did a sermon about it [a month ago](https://livestream.com/apostolictruthchurch/events/7997763/videos/178295096).
More pastors should do the same.
You're stretching the meaning.
Have a look at this:

https://youtu.be/-fxZa9WrZKI.
[removed]
&gt; Like, yes, okay, you think I'm sinning just by existing, ta awfully, got it now, there's nothing I can do about it ...
YES!
Me too.
I am also sinning by just existing.
It is awful.
But the point is that we are all sinners.
We all sin by just existing.
And we realize that every time we read the Bible or go to Church.
This is half of Christianity.
Now the other half (which is the important part!)
is that Christ died for you.
He took all your sins on himself and paid the praise that is due you.
Not God sees Christ and not you.
So despite how awful it is that we are sinners by just existing, we rejoice in having been forgiven.
&gt; It's the over and over and over that's the problem.
I have only been member of this subreddit for a short time and I don't visit it that much.
But, I haven't seen a lot of posts just hating on gays.
I have seen a lot of posts from gays asking about the Christian view of homosexuality.
I have seen posts by "confused" teens who are trying to figure out who they are.
Most of the posts saying that homosexuality is a sin are written *in response* to a question.
The "over and over again" comes because of the interest from people asking, not from Christians trying to go out of their way to hate,

&gt; Saying once, 'I believe homosexual acts are sinful' and then dropping the subject isn't harassment.
Again, I will say that homosexuality is a sin every time I am asked.
I don't see much of a point is just randomly making the statement.
I've never heard of it.
They have restrictions on the eucharist, maybe, but I've never heard of one presenting that choice.
If it got appealed, I'm willing to bet the bishop would put the smackdown on the priest who did it.
That’s definitely not what objective means, maybe you’re thinking of ‘empirically’?
It means it does not change with viewpoint.
You've never heard "love the sinner, hate the sin"?
Um.
Dude.
*Yeah*.
The church/Christians in my area are really, really, insanely good at the second part of that.
They're still working on the first.
See, u/Caddan's phrasing was *explicitly* saying exactly the same thing you were, and actually in slightly stronger terms!
But I've never heard it put like that before, and phrasing makes a lot of impact.
Things I think u/Caddan's phrasing did better than 'love the sinner, hate the sin':

* It got over the 'yes, this is an abomination' right quick (without leaving it out!)
and moved on to words that actually make the person feel loved and accepted as a person.
It has four words about what *is* bad, and... lemme count... 40 words about what is *not* bad.
* People tend to remember all of what you said, but carry away the feelings generated by the tail end of it.
u/Caddan's phrasing put the loving words at the end.
* It refers to the target as 'people'.
If you (hypothetical you - the person using the phrase) refer to straight people/Christian people/thin people/nice people as 'sinners' as a matter of habit, calling LGBT people 'sinners' is fine.
I haven't come across any hypothetical 'yous' who do that.
u/Caddan's phrasing is less othering, and feels less judgmental.
('Sinner' carries connotations that the person saying it thinks they are better than you, thinks they are of a different class or type to you, feels that they are in a position to judge you, and in general despises you, and *regardless of whether they actually mean that*, that's the meaning that comes across.)
I get you are hurt by what has been done to you but my point was that it isn't about a trauma measuring contest.
Both atheists and proclaiming Christians have bad people doing bad things for a variety of reasons.
Try and not attribute to the whole what you see of individuals.
It's no different than assuming all black people steal or all Muslims are terrorists.
I’ve commented about this before on another post, and someone legitimately sent their condolences to myself and my family (lol wat?).
There are ten of us heathen children, and three of us are homosexual.
It feels abnormal for a family to have so many “gays,” but they are well beyond the “it’s a phase” stage at this point.
While I have, personally, struggled with what the Bible teaches on the matter, I have *never* struggled with how I feel about my brothers and sister.
Never.
Not once.
I love them, and I will always love them.
Heck, when my younger brother was called a faggot, I went all mama bear on that little punk.
I have often wondered, “Am I sinning by accepting them and allowing them to live this sin?” And I feel this is a dilemma that many Christians also face.
We don’t want people to sin, we want people to know Christ, and we want them to one day join Him in heaven, and it becomes this internal battle.
But truth be told, we have no idea where these people are at in their walk with Christ.
God knows my siblings hearts better than I do, and for all I know they’ll be accepted into heaven and I won’t!
At the end of the day, the one they have to answer to is not us, but their maker.
My siblings are not bad people.
My sister has been legally married for the last 5 years and is proudly serving our country.
Both of my brothers are in happy and stable relationships; one of them is of med school, and the other is an active member in his church.
They are involved in their communities, and...heck even do more humanitarian work than I do!
I think a lot of Christians approach homosexuals with good intentions, but it’s honestly a very fine line between being accepting and being bigoted.
I think it’s important for any Christian to take a step back, and evaluate their own life first before throwing stones because you’re right...it’s a sin to express hate.
As the good book says, “Love thy neighbor...”.
I have 7 siblings, so far 1 of us (me) is gay, one is bisexual and one is transgender.
My parents are not accepting and hold traditional biblical mores, I believe that it's a fitting punishment for those kinds of people to have LGBT kids.
Kinda shitty when they make a kid feel like shit their entire childhood because their twisted ideas  are more important than their  own children.
Homosexuality is not a sin.
We're all God's creatures.
&gt; "For as many of you as were baptized into Christ have put on Christ.
There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither slave nor free, there is no male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
And if you are Christ's, then you are Abraham's offspring, heirs according to promise" (Galatians 3:27-29).
"To Set our Hope on Christ" (PDF - 136 pages)
[http://archive.episcopalchurch.org/documents/ToSetOurHope\_eng.pdf](http://archive.episcopalchurch.org/documents/ToSetOurHope_eng.pdf)

"The Gay Debate: The Bible and Homosexuality" (Video 1 hour 7 minutes with a transcript in multiple languages)
http://www.matthewvines.com/transcript/
Kinda shitty to make a man blind his whole like just for strangers to see him healed, but that’s in the Bible too.
Not rlly the same

Your example isn’t a person(s) spreading hate and ostracising ppl for something IMO  they have no control in.
Having the urge is not a sin, acting on it is.
You're a good egg.
Two thousand years of Christian theology disagrees with you.
&gt; Two thousand years of Christian theology disagrees with you

/u/burjbear, this is not a valid argument because it is a logical fallacy (argumentum ad antiquitatem).
Where does it say that?
No, it's just a statement of fact.
Two thousand years of mainstream Christian theology does disagree with you.
Now, whether they are right and you wrong or vice versa, that can of course be debated.
Being tempted isn’t a sin.
Even Jesus was tempted.

Summary: 
I am a sinner too!
Homosexuality is not a sin.
I imagine they know that.
Am I wrong about this?
I don't think that works.
I am also sinning by just existing.
(Maybe you are but I doubt it.
Homosexuality is also not a sin.
Why would I call you that.
do I think there are right and wrong opinions?
There is no sin in being a gay person.
I love them, and I will always love them.
Wait, I think I understand you.
&gt; do I think there are right and wrong opinions?
I promise you there's a difference.
I know and know of plenty of Christians who are too.
I sure hope you don’t.
You can tell your kid over and over again to not be gay.
What about when a loved one tells you?
I noticed you said nearly.
Also, you are taking what I am saying out of context.
We all sin by just existing.
&gt; Also, you are taking what I am saying out of context.
I literally said agree to disagree.
&gt; that some Christians think they're abominations.
The only thing they have in common is that they are both sins.
&gt; It's the over and over and over that's the problem.
I don't understand your argument I guess.
My husband and I don't have children.
&gt; what is it exactly that you think my beliefs are?
Hold on I think I'm seeing a few parallels here.
That is your opinion, which is your right.
I hate to disappoint you but I'm under no such impression.
I just had to say my part in Christian’s defense.
That is certainly not the way I see it in general.
The truth is the truth in which I rejoice.
You treat no other sin this way, and you know it.
Surely other some Christians feel this way?
It's the over and over and over that's the problem.
Again, I will say that homosexuality is a sin every time I am asked.
I have *literally never* heard that on a Christian sub before.
Yes, some of that is bullying.
what is it exactly that you think my beliefs are?
I’m a conservative and a Christian.
Gluttony is a sin in the Bible.
Not the most appropriate way to do things, I understand.
Love them, but confront it.
I was wondering when you'd get around to it.
The person is not an abomination.
As for a loved one, say it once it is out of love.
I don't know whether that's just a restatement of what you said.
I do not support any Christians bullying someone because of disagreement in lifestyles.
My belief is in the Bible, I believe it is the word of God.
I don't see anything in there about bullying or harassing someone you disagree with.
I had a phone call in the middle of my post.
What makes you think that homosexuality is acceptable?
Where does it say that?
That's why I make a point of telling them that they're being a bully as often as I can.
I think politics is fucking annoying in the church.
I would hope so, but that hope is thin.
I have a homosexual coworker that explained to me that being homosexual isn’t a sin.
Definitely not the same thing.
This is half of Christianity.
It happens to me too, all the time.
Point is, I wouldn’t try to say there aren’t any mean Christians.
I have seen a lot of posts from gays asking about the Christian view of homosexuality.
I think everyone has been guilty of speaking before thinking.
I just said I find them incredibly insensitive.
&gt;It's because they are gay men.
You think that "homosexual acts" are immoral.
The problem is when people focus on one sin but not others.
&gt; That is your opinion

No, it's a fact.
So you agree that there have been cultures where homosexuality is not believed to be a sin.
No person is an abomination but certain sins are.
Say it over and over and kick you out of the house, that is not from love.
No prejudice here, just what I believe and the authority I got it from.
They have different beliefs from you.
The point is that we are all sinners.
&gt; It literally is by definition.
Same goes with all sin.
So say this person is in a homosexual relationship,  ok yes that is sinful.
There's nothing wrong with saying that.
I am speaking about a Christian’s right to voice their belief on homosexuality.
Literally wtf is wrong with these people.
* It refers to the target as 'people'.
I only replied to say that the very thing you are accusing people of being is the same thing you are doing/being.
My siblings are not bad people.
Do I think we should try to silence anyone who we feel is wrong?
You haven't heard gay people called sinners?
I think it would be insulting to you to assume you need further explanation.
What you are saying is closed-minded.
Not God sees Christ and not you.
They don't get to dictate your beliefs or who you love.
Saying *once*, 'I believe homosexual acts are sinful' and then dropping the subject isn't harassment.
&gt; This is so true.
I don't know what the truth is, but God says to love everyone no matter what their sin so that's all I gotta do.
Not everyone is like that.
&gt; It was straight from the heart.
I haven't come across any hypothetical 'yous' who do that.
Likewise I am not bullying you if I tell you that lusting after a woman who are not your wife is sin.
I have simply stated my views on homosexuality yet you know all of my beliefs?
Your kid at 16 comes out to you as gay.
In that, it tells anyone who reads it that homosexuality is wrong.
Or you rejecting Christ is sin.
That person should also be loved by us, regardless of the sins that are committed.
Some people see bullies everywhere.
Well that's not even the argument.
I don't see much of a point is just randomly making the statement.
That's also not what I said, I'm disavowing some of the actions of people reprimanding homosexuality.
Even if the pretext is them being gay, that's just an excuse to bully them.
I suppose you're more active here than I am, but I'm gay and have never been harrassed here for being gay.
Okay, but you have some Christians telling homosexuals over and over and over and over and over...that homosexual actions are not a sin.
I am saying I see my wickedness, I see my need for a savior.
What about when a doctor tells you?
But, I haven't seen a lot of posts just hating on gays.
&gt; So is gay sex "the truth" in which you rejoice?
On one side, gay people should have the same rights as everyone else.
You are intolerant toward people who have differing beliefs from you.
We need to stamp out Christianity and save all those people.
That person was made in the image of God, and is loved by Jesus.
If people who don't repent from their sins, how could they possibly be saved?
I don't believe I've mentioned anything about hating them in any of my posts.
Some people are tempted one way, and some another.
I would love to hear your explanation to your statement that it’s not a sin and is heresy to say that it is.
&gt; I don’t believe I said you were persecuting me or even criticizing me for that matter.
The person who is living a sinful lifestyle or the one who hates this person for it?
