Original Response: 
[deleted]
Administrators have to do this when public funding for school keeps dwindling, and schools have to compete against each other for funding via student outcomes.
It's a shame.
S j w parents as well go in and depend ridiculous changes like participation trophies, banning kickball, and pretend softball practice.
I shit you not, the girl I'm dating took her twin sisters daughter to softball practice and it was done with pretend balls/bats so that no one gets hurt.
If schools used money wisely and not on bloated administration and useless teachers they can't get rid of they wouldn't have mine issues.
I don't think most schools need another dime they see the taxpayer as an infinite piggy bank to bank roll them as they fuck up our eduction.
&gt;In 40 years, the US went from one of the public education systems in the world to this

/r/technicallythetruth.
[deleted]
I mean, the federal budget for education was 3% last time I checked.
Military?
48%, and that doesn’t include any ongoing wars (war on terror since 2001, etc.).
Imagine doubling the funding for schools from 3 to 6%.
That would only decrease military to 45%.
Would that decrease really effect our defense capabilities?
[deleted]
[deleted]
Not handing anything in is on the parents and the administration in charge.
Thank god our new secretary of education is so experienced in public education on all levels - or else we might really be in trouble.
Sincerely, 
Sarcasm.
What do you mean pretend balls/bats?
If you mean plastic that is a common tool to help people with little to no experience learn the game.
No, the coach had them pretend to swing an imaginary bat and catch an imaginary ball.
Was it like this?
https://youtu.be/j-CppkwnC4I.
Hahahaha exactly.
I'm sure genetics and the state sponsored single mother epidemic have nothing to do with the outcome of public education.
Seriously?
Why do you think that is?
It has nothing to do with genetics or single motherhood.
It’s the money.
If you’re living in poverty you aren’t going to care about your education when you struggle to survive everyday.
Maybe if all of our taxes didn’t go to the MIC we could actually do something about it.
Go clean your room bro.
It is 
but since it isn’t outright stated people fell for it.
Did any of the kids Enjoy it?
We’re the parents into the event?
What the kid u were with think of it?
Everyone seemed ok with it, my and my GF were like wtf is this.
She asked another parent of this was normal.
That's a normal exercise for the younger kids ive coached.
But it's like a first batting practice thing to get everyone used to foot placement and body rotation.
The reason I do it with no bat's is because you can't have 12 5-6 year olds swinging bat's at the same time.
They do this for about 5 minutes and then we get them hitting for real.
It's just an easy way to teach some fundamental stuff without worrying about safety.
The only times I've ever used it besides the first practice is if an individual needs correction on something.
In that case they do no bat, then bat with no pitches or tee(just movement), then off a tee, then live pitches from a coach.
I understand what you're saying, bug what we witnessed was a whole practice based on imagined play.
No actual balls or bats.
That's insanity.
some, its a case of everybody dropping down to the lowest common denominator.
saves lots of money.
makes the for profit charter voucher school look better.
&gt;our defense capabilities?
think of the profits to all the contractors, their gilded gated community lives.
and participation medals for everybody.

Summary: 
Why do you think that is?
No actual balls or bats.
What do you mean pretend balls/bats?
What the kid u were with think of it?
We’re the parents into the event?
It has nothing to do with genetics or single motherhood.
Imagine doubling the funding for schools from 3 to 6%.
That would only decrease military to 45%.
