Original Response: 
All rates are you:me.
[FT] 
4-5IV HA Alolan Vulpix with or without Freeze-Dry (egg move) (Timid)

5IV HA Gible with various egg moves and in a Heavy Ball (Jolly or Adamant) (these are the best things I have)

4-5IV Growlithe (Jolly)

HA Snorlax with questionable IVs (Brave)

These are all self-bred on my Ultra Sun game and have OT Yann.
~~I also have 1 Shiny Zygarde code and 1 Groudon/Kyogre code~~ Edit: they're taken, thanks


Rates : 

If you ask for a code it's equivalent to 2 breedjects

For a Master Ball I will trade 1:3 breedjects

For BP items or Mega Stones I will trade 1:1 breedjects

For a Bottle cap I will trade 1:1 , gold bottle cap 1:3 breedjects 

For a Grepa Berry I will trade 1:1

For a PP up I will trade 1:1, PP max 1:3

Thank you in advance!
If you want to negotiate rates just comment and we'll try to make a deal.
Hey.
What items do you still need.
I can get you any BP item, I have tons of masterballs and I think every berry you can get in game.
I would love any mega stone, particularly Metagrossite.
Master balls would be amazing they are the main thing I want.
What would you like?
I already traded the K/G code so I only have the Z left and all the breedjects.
I'd love the Z code.
What are your ratios?
My concern is, that I'm at work rn.
I could trade in roughly 5-6 hours.
Do you think you could hold the Z code back for that long?
You can have as many balls + mega stones as you want.
Yes of course I can trade around 4pm eastern until 9pm really I'm free all evening.
My rates are in the post, but if you're ok with it and have enough I'd like 2 master balls for the code.
Alright.
Seems fair.
Did you redeem a Shiny Z yourself already?
Yes sorry I can't do redeems.
Ok. That's fine.
I'll take the code for 3 master balls.
Great thank you!
Reply to this comment when you can trade.
Home in 30 mins.
I'm home now.
Pls let me know when I can add you.
Add away, I'm just SRing for Rayquaza so I'll add you anytime.
Added.
Going online.
I'm in FP.
Hit me up with a request.
I don't see you.
I requested.
Accepted.
Balls received and code sent, thank you!

Summary: 
Reply to this comment when you can trade.
I'd love the Z code.
Balls received and code sent, thank you!
I'll take the code for 3 master balls.
Yes sorry I can't do redeems.
