Original Response: 
Haha I love McDavid but he really is the most swaggerless guy in the NHL, guess he really is the next Crosby.
Hockey players don't often showcase their personalities.
If they do they're often criticized for it(see Cherry on Kuznetsov's celebration), which is why many players just give the generic interview answers so they won't be criticized by the media.
I think Tavares might be worse, Connor at least gets sassy sometimes.
Gotta agree there.
Connor seems like the type of guy that will be super quiet for the first year he knows you then will slowly start to open up a bit more.
And like you said, sometimes he gets a bit sassy.
I can't remember a single instance where Tavares hasn't come off as anything but bland.
To be fair, I'm not a walking encyclopedia of Tavares quotes.
Maybe I will be after this season.
Tavares just talks like he is hiding a razor blade in his cheek.
Kuzy isn't being made fun of because of his personality, though I'm sure its great.
People don't like the show boating or drawing attention to yourself as an individual too much.
Even your own teammates don't like that shit.
Just do your fist pump variation and point to whoever made the pass and put your hands up till they get to you like everyone else.
That shit Yakupov pulled in that only game where he was good pissed everyone off so much.
Fans of Edmonton who wanted to like him and everything.
McDavid reeeally came out with an attitude last season.
His interviews are so much more worth listening to now.
Subban and Ovi do get flack for being outspoken.
Hockey culture(and the the sport itself) doesn't really allow for individuals to stand out.
Crosby, Ovi and McDavid play no more than 20 minutes usually, while in the NBA Lebron can play for a whole game.
The NBA also allows for its players to embrace their personalities while the NHL its players try to blend in.
Not saying one is better the the other, but it does explain why most NHL stars don't stand out in terms of personality.
Sassy McDavid could take the media by storm if he really wanted to.
Hockey culture is ass backwards, it punishes those who actually flip the bird to 'tradition' and actually showcase their personality.
The NHL doesn't have a Gronk, or Tiger, or a Hamilton.
Old crusty white people are so stuck in their ways of how the sport should be and how it was in the good old days that anytime a player breaks the stoic mold and has a personality beyond a plank of mold they get shit for it.
Take a look at the NBA, the fastest growing league in North America for popularity.
Look at the players (even the non-superstars) who are allowed to say what they want and comment on and off court.
Look at the talking heads and just how charismatic and flippant they are.
The NHLs demographic couldn't handle a "RINGS ERNEH" moment, they'd be far too butthurt about how its "not polite and becoming".
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsYO1a-Vupo

It's a decade old and maybe it's just PK rubbing off on him, but there's the single bit of proof of personality for Tavares that I've seen.
what part of that is not "being criticized for his personality"?
some people have a personality that likes to celebrate something.. that's part of their personality, not some totally separate action that has nothing to do with them.
No, embracing personality is definitely better than the alternative.
Which is stupid because all the other big sports have all sorts of personalities.
The NHL has a few, the two most namely being Ovi and PK but really more players need to come into the league just not giving a fuck about media opinion and make the league more entertaining.
I mean don’t get me wrong I like the game as it is but a lil off-ice pizazz could do a lot for the league.
Right, I'm sure plenty of guys in the league have a show boat personality but they tone it down because they know it isn't well received.
Most people don't like it when one of their peers at school, work etc brags and show boats about their grades/promotions.
Humans just don't take kindly to that sort of thing.
Just found out that I am old and white.
TIL.
Haven't even seen him laugh outside of that video.
It definitely helps grow the sport as well.
Look at Shaq, Kobe, LeBron, Embiid.
Even the ones who aren't on the court have a presence as well.
It adds so much more to the game that you can make an entire spoof series of it all AKA Game of Zones (one of the greatest things I've seen).
Yeah but, he like really good a hockey.
He's coming out of his shell a bit, and the thing I'm really noticing is he doesn't suffer fools gladly.
Today reporters kept asking him about the GQ thing and why he did it, and finally he was just like, "it was just a fun thing to do, better than answering the questions you guys ask over and over".
so now you agree that he is being criticized for his personality?
your opening statement said the opposite.
Is the NBA still growing?
[removed]
No, try reading it again.
I said that people might have a show boat personality but they tone it down, ie don't act out their personality on the ice.
It is his actions that people don't like.
Some people probably have the personality to want to punch you in the face, me included, but I won't act on it because I know people (and the law) don't like it.
It is pretty basic human/societal stuff I'm not sure why I have to explain this to anyone older than my toddler.
&gt;Kuzy isn't being made fun of because of his personality

I can read just fine.
I just covered how actions are representative of someone's personality, not some magically separate thing.
saying people tone it down is only explaining how other people don't show their personalities for the exact reasons being discussed.. that people will criticize them for it.

Summary: 
what part of that is not "being criticized for his personality"?
so now you agree that he is being criticized for his personality?
It is his actions that people don't like.
Maybe I will be after this season.
Hockey players don't often showcase their personalities.
Even your own teammates don't like that shit.
Yeah but, he like really good a hockey.
Just found out that I am old and white.
People don't like the show boating or drawing attention to yourself as an individual too much.
