Original Response: 
Stan Kroenke (owner of Avs, Arsenal, and LA Rams) moved the St. Louis Rams to LA not too long ago.
In St. Louis, the Rams were neglected and the fans could see nothing good happening.
In Ottawa, there seems to be not a whole lot of good happening.
There has always been talk of a team in Quebec City--what is stopping Melnyk from moving the Sens there?
I could be a complete idiot and this could in no way be possible, but I am just trying to see what others may think on this.
I don't know the whole Senators story, but I just see nothing but shit coming out of there and had a thought...
Everybody knows that hockey won’t ever work in the snow and they should just relocate the Senators to Houston.
Houston will *never* get a team.
The Cayman Islands would get a team before that.
Hell the heat death of the universe would happen first.
/s?
No.
But Dallas is perfectly cold?
Also what was up with the Houston Aeros?
Dallas already has a team is my point.
Houston won’t get one.
Dallas is more likely to be contracted than Houston is to get a team.
The previous owner of the Rockets (Leslie Alexander) was a dick and didn't like the fact that the NHL wouldn't give him a team after he tried to buy the Oilers from Pockington and move them to Houston.
He kept the Aeros just to show the NHL that he supported hockey, but they never seriously considered letting him have a team.
So in 2013, he was like fuck it, jack up the lease for the Aeroes.
The Wild didn't want to pay, so they moved the Aeroes to Iowa.
What does Dallas having a team have to do with Houston getting one?
There's hardly any Stars fans here in Houston because the vast majority of Houstonians would refuse to cheer for anything related to Dallas.
Not to mention that Dallas is 4-5 hours away.
I’m not saying they’re related.
I think you meant to reply to the other commenter.

Summary: 
Houston will *never* get a team.
Also what was up with the Houston Aeros?
Dallas is more likely to be contracted than Houston is to get a team.
