Original Response: 
Last night I was a friend’s house and we were eating merengue cookies.
We were commenting that they tasted like dehydrated cereal marshmallows and I said “why don’t they sell bags of those?
!” Well it turns out they do and Amazon and FB were creepy enough to let me know.
This isn’t new information but always worth mentioning, I think.
I don’t have FB app on my phone.
I always log out of FB.
Have the prime video app only.
I don’t suppose I’m still being tracked as I use DuckDuckGo but I wonder is google still able to track ALL my online habits?
I wouldn’t doubt it but IDK enough to be certain one way or another.
So should i stop watching porn on google Chrome?
never.
by doing that, you’re letting them think they won!
get out there, kid.
you got some work to do.
I need porn blocking phone and get rid of my tablet.
Is why I’ve considered a flip phone + cellular smart watch.
If you've visited Google or Facebook on that instance, they use tracking to track you from site to site.
I didn't have FB on my phone, and dont use it.
Yet when I've had my phone lock up on me, one of the programs that pops up as failed, is FB.
Join us at r/degoogleyourlife and r/privacy.
You're still asleep, but currently in the REM phase, which is a good sign.
Coffee is a-brewing.
Android is Google’s operating system so if you have a droid there is no way around that one...
I think just turn off permissions to your microphone?
I have an iPhone X with latest iOS system and latest fb update and I never get these ads.
So it’s not like they’ve put in some sneaky work around to still access the mic.
[removed]
&gt; I always log out of FB.
This doesn't matter.
They track you offline.
[deleted]
[removed]
Sounds like they provided you a service.
You has a question.
Amazon had an answer.
You didn't even need to search.
They are definitely listening.
But you would have never know about these marshmallows.
If you are looking to figure out a way to install a new government in America then maybe don't talk around your listening device.
A bunch of people at that party probably googled marshmallow cereal at or after the party and you guys started getting ads for it.
It's not that wild.

Summary: 
I always log out of FB.
I don’t have FB app on my phone.
&gt; I always log out of FB.
I didn't have FB on my phone, and dont use it.
I think just turn off permissions to your microphone?
by doing that, you’re letting them think they won!
