Original Response: 
Talk about your day.
Anything goes, but subreddit rules still apply.
Please be polite to each other!
Anyone else get this visceral feeling of pure dread every monday morning?
Pretty much every Monday of my life as long as had school / work, but at least it generally doesn't affect me on Sunday night.
Has yours ever gotten so bad that you begin to feel physically sick?
Think my boss has given me mild ptsd.
Things not going well at work or school?
Feeling it right now, actually.
Slightly nauseous with a small weight sitting where I think my diaphragm is.
Can only wait for it to leave.
Take care...
wad happened dude.
Lmao anyone who's actually excited to go work on Mondays?
Does taking Monday off work for people?
If it happens too often, consider that something in your life possibly needs to change..
I'm excited sometimes.
To see the results of my work.
But of course, taking the day off still feels way more shiok..
Work.
I guess I just haven't figured out whether my unhappiness is a legitimate cause for concern and that I should consider quitting or if I'm just being a fucking snowflake.
I get the exact same thing.
You too man, hope the day gets more bearable for you.
There's a middle ground between excited and miserable.
Thanks!
Take it easy.
Falling in love bro.
wad happ- 

&amp;#x200B;

I feel it everyday broooo.
It's sad

So sad

It's a sad sad situation.
I get it on Sunday night.
I usually *get it* on Friday and Saturday evenings.
Mate, how have you not resigned y-

Wait, never mind.
I already know the answer to this one.
Beggars can't be choosers man.
Only one day since I got my ear pierced, is it advisable to change earring now?
Might as well pierce below the belt too, while you’re at it.
no

when I got my ears pierced, piercer told me to wait 6 weeks before changing the stud.
I don't think you have to wait that long?
but you def can't change your stud so soon either.
Thanks for the reply.
My neighbour told me to wait too haha.
Who pierces their thigh?
When BishanGay come back after almost 2 weeks just to say this...
Why ask reddit and not the person who pierced for you?
She said 7 days but I wanna change.
I wanted to find out if anyone did it and what happened to the wound.
Please don't.
I know it looks like shit now but the reason why you have to keep it there is to let the wound recover properly and prevent infection from happening.
If you were to change it and it gets infected.. your whole ear will be swollen af with funny juices leaking out from your tiny earhole.
0/10 will not advise.
&amp;#x200B;
Damn okay thanks.
Before anyone downvotes me I just wanna say this is not advisable.
I actually took out my hoop earring the next day and swapped it with a really short stud cause of work.
I didn't want an infection so I cleaned the area everyday.
After a few days I swapped again with a clear plastic stud.
I've had lip piercings before and I did the same thing with them due to school/work.
There was one time when I was swapping earrings and felt dizzy though lol.
Felt like fainting for some reason and I'm not even scared of blood.
Anyway swapping earrings early is not advisable cause 1) it bloody hurts 2) may cause irritation and therefore your wound may take longer to heal 3) may cause infection

&amp;#x200B;

Fortunately, my ear has now healed well.
No infection nor pain.
So it’s actually okay if I clean it religiously with the alcohol they provided?
no dont lol.
leave it in for at least 2 weeks otherwise it will close up or get infected.
and you don't want an infection, that shit's nasty.
&gt; wanted to find out if anyone did it

i pierced my ears when i was 11 but due to excited kid me having itchy hands, i couldn't stop touching it and took it off after a few days.
Shit got infected and i had to deal with the infection for more than 7 months.
trust me, just leave it alone to heal properly.
it's obviously an ankle piercing duh.
gonna miss some of the kids when practicum ends this week 😭esp this boy in playgroup who's damn cute,everyday I ask him what colour is the toy and he goes,"*Blueee?
*"
I wish I loved my job as much as you do.
I don't see myself becoming a preschool teacher though lol,I'd pass out after work everyday.
Same situation for my internship, can't wait to finish it lol.
Same here!
Not sure how those teachers endured lol.
Still got 1 more practicum to goooo 😭😭.
Are you in poly?
Nooopeee.
I’m in private institution  😅youuu?
[deleted]
Oooh!
Are you graduating soon?
[deleted]
Jia youuu!!!
You can do this💪🏻💪🏻.
Thanks, you too!

Summary: 
I get it on Sunday night.
I get the exact same thing.
I don't think you have to wait that long?
I wanted to find out if anyone did it and what happened to the wound.
and you don't want an infection, that shit's nasty.
I already know the answer to this one.
Feeling it right now, actually.
Can only wait for it to leave.
I wish I loved my job as much as you do.
I didn't want an infection so I cleaned the area everyday.
She said 7 days but I wanna change.
I usually *get it* on Friday and Saturday evenings.
Does taking Monday off work for people?
