Original Response: 
The title says it all!
Do you think his new party will be successful in shrinking corrupt government?
What do you as Canadians think he should include on his platform?
Discuss!
He doesn't play well with others that much is clear.
And his policies are lifted from Atlas Shrugged (Which incidentally is a book in favour of labour strikes.
The original title was "The Strike".
Oops) so that's pretty useless.
I think he's just another guy with money who thinks it makes him special.
There are lots.
&gt;And his policies are lifted from Atlas Shrugged (Which incidentally is a book in favour of labour strikes.
The original title was "The Strike".
Oops) so that's pretty useless.
This isn't at all accurate.
You've never read the book, have you?
What do all the captains of industry do again?
Have you read the book?
Have I?
I don't know.
Have you?
You seem to know.
The problem I have with AS is it's premise.
It  takes as a given that industrial leaders are driven by creativity and their wealth is a byproduct of virtuous behaviour.
Clearly we live in a world where greed and the lust for power are important.
AS needs more characters like Martin Shkreli and it need to address what to do with leadership that cares for nothing but its own wealth.
Then there is the d'Aconia family who like the Bombardier family inherited their wealth.
But Francisco has talent whereas Pierre Beaudoin has none.
What should we do with old money families who dominate the business landscape but who no longer deserve to?
Actually if MB wanted to get my attention he would talk about that.
Well I'm not sure.
That's why I asked the question.
Judging by the way you misrepresented the book, I'm going to guess no?
Okay.
Well that was a fair point and discussion.
Why didn't you just say that instead of "Atlas Shrugged encourages striking".
Like, not the main point, obviously.
&gt;The problem I have with AS is it's premise.
It  takes as a given that industrial leaders are driven by creativity and their wealth is a byproduct of virtuous behaviour.
You're forgetting about the *risk* they take as well.
Very important.
&gt;Clearly we live in a world where greed and the lust for power are important.
That isn't limited to capitalists.
In my experience, Socialists and Communists are just as full of greed and lust for power.
It's human nature.
&gt;AS needs more characters like Martin Shkreli and it need to address what to do with leadership that cares for nothing but its own wealth.
I had never heard of him before.
But apparently he's a convicted felon.
That's the example you'd like to hold up?
&gt;What should we do with old money families who dominate the business landscape but who no longer deserve to?
Let the market decide.
That's essentially the very backbone principle of the book.
Why do you make the assumption just because it's "old money" the people don't have talent?
What do you suggest "we" do with them?
&gt;Actually if MB wanted to get my attention he would talk about that.
For the past nearly 200 years we've had the debate about wealth and poverty, and how to "correct" it.
The truth is, *there will always be a disparity.
* It's a fundamental of human nature.
We see this even in the most dedicated, most ardent systems of Communism.
Look at the Soviet Union under Stalin.
Look at China today.
It's a common assumption that the rich only got to where they were because they are "lucky" or "privileged", and they should share with the rest of us.
I think that assumption is wrong.
To test your personal mettle, why don't you give away everything you have to a homeless person?
Don't forget that while you sit there complaining about the lifestyles of the mega rich, you yourself are a mega rich, to someone else.
Is it Maxime Bernie's position that Bombardier should be cut loose from all government intervention?
Because the aerospace division is a government creation which competes against other government supported conglomerates.
Wouldn't it be naive to think they can compete on their own?
Given that a Bernier government would have to support this and other industries (in my opinion), how do we ensure we don't prop up failing business leadership?
It's a devilish problem with no easy answers.
But I'd love to hear what he would do.
Indeed.
Now, who is John Galt, and where did he go?
Cause I looked it up.
It's working title was indeed 'The Strike.'
Which does make sense, given the premise of the book.

Summary: 
The title says it all!
The problem I have with AS is it's premise.
Cause I looked it up.
I think that assumption is wrong.
Have you read the book?
I had never heard of him before.
That's why I asked the question.
The original title was "The Strike".
It's working title was indeed 'The Strike.'
What do all the captains of industry do again?
&gt;The problem I have with AS is it's premise.
