Original Response: 
Honestly, this is where I wanna practice some /r/gatekeeping.
I don't like that people are all on Woodley now.
You fuckers had 3 fights and 2 years to jump on and a ton of you just bitched about boring fights and his whining that Dana didn't like him.
Well I have called Woodley and wonderboy for their boring fights but I’ve been pretty pro Woodley you can check my history.
the two wonderboy fights and the maia fight were absolutely awful.
why would anyone jump on his train at that point?
gatekeeping is okay in some instances but this is just stupid bro.
First fight was fight of the night.
Go back to read that night's thread.
Nobody called it boring.
So many near finishes.
a lot of people change their minds after the post-fight threads.
I will admit that it was just my opinion that it was pretty bad, lots of near finishes yeah but it was boring too.
the second was even worse than the first, and the maia fight was incredibly boring.
I 100% understand why people didnt support tyron till now, to get fans you need to be exciting and he wasnt very exciting for those three fights, not to mention the whining and such (which I never really faulted tyron for), people are just now coming around to how good of a guy he really is, and how exciting he can be.
&gt;the two wonderboy fights and the maia fight were absolutely awful.
Really?
Are we at the point that even fight of the night performances are considered boring?
Have you ever seen an entertaining fight?
yes I have lol, I just found the woodley/wonderboy fight pretty boring upon rewatch, sure I enjoyed it that night but after a rewatch it's not that great of a fight

edit: wait actually I think I might've been mixing up some rounds between the first and the second, it's been a while.
but my point still stands, gatekeeping in this case is fucking stupid because tyron hasnt been the most interesting fighter, especially with his last 2 fights (prior to the till fight sorry)
Yea that Thompson Woodley I fight was a fucking banger.
Still can't belive Stephen didn't tap.
Tyron had 2 boring fights in a row.
That doesn’t define his career.
The guy has been crushing people for a long time.
He has 17 wins in his UFC &amp; Strikeforce career.
10 of them he finished the fight before a person could get double digit strikes on him.
a lot of people didnt know a ton about him until he beat robbie for the title.
imagine you're a new fan, you see tyron woodley crush lawler for the title, decide to be a fan.
then you see the first wonderboy fight, thinking "damn this dudes legit".
then you see two terrible fights in a row.
not a lot of new fans immediately know everything about a fighter, and I'd bet that a good amount dont research a fighter a ton either.
a lot of people are going to be hopping on the woodley fan train right now because of his recent finish.
no reason to be a gatekeeper.
Those people definitely aren’t going to learn that judging a guy who finished over half of his career fight by two decisions is dumb without anyone telling them.
Wonderboy 1 won FOTY on the most stacked card of all-time.
Also, you think it's coincidence that Wonderboy had an equally boring fight against Till and Maia against Usman?
I think this is more of a case of the Woodley haters being very quiet right now and it makes his fans much more visible.
I've enjoyed all his fights going back to strikeforce and personally I always noticed he was polarizing.
But even in his "boring" fights he still had a core of fans.
I really think it was blown out of perportion how he has no fans.
The only thing he ever did that annoyed me was saying it's racist to not watch his fight but I think he got over that silly idea pretty quickly cause he hasn't really talked about it for a long time.

Summary: 
First fight was fight of the night.
Tyron had 2 boring fights in a row.
I don't like that people are all on Woodley now.
I really think it was blown out of perportion how he has no fans.
then you see two terrible fights in a row.
the two wonderboy fights and the maia fight were absolutely awful.
