Original Response: 
##Welcome to the Submarines AMA!!
We will be live going into the 5th.
We will be answering questions all night on the AMA.
Keep em coming :)
      
I am your host Eric Moreno.
I am a US Submarine Veteran and the founder of r/Submarines.
I am bringing you an expert panel of submariners, explorers, historians, authors, researchers, pod-casters and the US submarine rescue "Falcon-1" ROV pilot.
Helping me with this AMA is /u/KapitanKurt (moderator of r/Submarines and r/WarshipPorn).
The submarine world is one of the most unseen, unforgiving, classified, ground breaking and tight knit communities on the planet.
We discover new life on almost every dedicated dive, explore the most dangerous places on Earth and even research the origin of life.
Some of us live a life (akin to high security prisoners) hundreds of feet underwater, loaded with more firepower than all the WWII explosives combined, powered by a fission reactor, tasked with deterring species ending war... all while being endlessly hunted like an underwater trophy kill.
A vast majority of the submarine culture nurtures mis/disinformation.
All aspects of the military and civilian culture have their own secrets.
This AMA is dedicated to providing a means to ask questions in a manner that is safe and comfortable for all parties.
Operational security (OPSEC) is going to be maintained at the highest level to ensure the safety of everyone involved.
**Questions involving classified information will not be answered.
** I apologize before hand if your question doesn't get answered.
Simple questions like "How deep can you dive?"
or "How fast can you go underwater?"
are usually classified.
We get questioned about classified material all the time so don't hesitate to ask us anything.
Everyone cleared to work with classified information is trained on how to deal with questions.
The panel will answer questions as they see fit and follow any procedures required of them.
###Introduction:   
+ /u/SubAMA - David Ayer - US Veteran Sonar Tech on USS Haddo - Screen writer for U-571 - Director, Writer, Producer....
I could go on for a while.
Just read his [IMDB page](https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0043742/) lol
+ /u/SubResqPilot - US Submarine Rescue Team "Falcon-1" ROV Pilot  
+ /u/JoshDean66 - Josh Dean - Author of ["The Taking of K-129"](https://www.amazon.com/Taking-K-129-Russian-Operation-History/dp/1101984430).
Writer for GQ, [Mens Health](https://www.menshealth.com/fitness/a22590895/uss-north-dakota-submarine-fitness), PopSci, [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/features/2017-09-07/it-s-brutal-to-get-to-the-ocean-s-depths-this-minisub-will-take-you-there), [Task &amp; Purpose](https://taskandpurpose.com/this-is-how-the-navy-responds-when-a-submarine-disappears), and Esquire  
+ /u/ScrappyPunkGreg - Greg M. Krsak - US Veteran MT2/SS -  Trident D5 Strategic Weapons System, USS Kentucky (SSBN 737 GOLD) and USS Alaska (SSBN 732 BLUE)  
+ /u/OceanGateInc - CEO Stockton Rush and Marketing Manager Dana Hall - [OceanGate Inc](http://www.oceangate.com).
- Subaquatic Exploration - Currently testing their "Titan" submersible down to 4000 meters with the 2019 goal of taking customers to explore the Titanic.
+ /u/DavidOwen12345 - David Owen - UK Veteran Sonar Operator Mechanic and Leading Engineering Tech - HMS Tireless, [ICEX04](http://www.csp.navy.mil/Media/News-Articles/Display-News/Article/691920/uss-hampton-surfaces-on-top-of-the-world)  
+ /u/KingNeptune767 - Eric Moreno - US Veteran MM2/SS (Auxiliary and Weapons) USS Hampton '03-'08, [ICEX04](http://www.csp.navy.mil/Media/News-Articles/Display-News/Article/691920/uss-hampton-surfaces-on-top-of-the-world)    
 + Active MMC/SS (3MC) Andrew currently serving as onboard USS Asheville.
I will be handling the questions for him as he inst a reddit user.
He is currently undergoing a Reactor Safeguard Inspection and will be very busy.
He will only answer a few questions.
+ /u/NavHistWriter12 - Iain Ballantyne - Author/Historian of ["The Deadly Trade"](https://www.amazon.com/Deadly-Trade-Complete-Submarine-Archimedes-ebook/dp/B0117JD97I) and ["Hunter Killers"](https://www.amazon.com/Hunter-Killers-Iain-Ballantyne/dp/1409139018), Editor of WARSHIPS International Fleet Review magazine - www.WarshipsIFR.com    
+ /u/Whibbler - OSINT Analyst, Researcher, and Submarine Artist Guru - www.hisutton.com, Author of ["Covert Shores"](https://www.amazon.com/Covert-Shores-Special-Missions-Minisubs/dp/1533114870) and the essential ["World Submarines Recognition Guide"](https://www.amazon.com/World-Submarines-Covert-Shores-Recognition/dp/1541392302)  
+ /u/Jamesonandmotorcycle - Veteran MM2/SS (Auxiliary) Fox - USS Hampton SSN 767  
+ /u/Eeobroht -  Norwegian Active Radio/Operations Submariner - Served on 5 Ula class submarines    
+ /u/STS0924 - US Active Sonar Tech - STS2/SS Gilbert - Currently stationed on Virginia-Class USS Colorado SSN-788   
+ /u/Vepr157 - Russian and Soviet submarine researcher/guru - Moderator of multiple military subreddits including r/Submarines - Currently co-writing a book with Norman Polmar on aircraft carrying submarines   
+ /u/MacEast2nd - The ["Submersion Podcast"](https://itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/mac-east-2nd-floor-studios-presents-submersion/id1353220518?mt=2) dedicated to watching and reviewing every submarine movie or TV show in existence.
They also keep up with the latest in submarine news and interview people from the community.
Everyone on the panel has been instructed to hold of on answering any questions until 12p EST to allow the up/down votes to filter questions.
This AMA is going to stay at 100% active until tomorrow due to the time differences.
Everyone involved is scattered across 6 different time zones.
The active submariners have unreliable schedules due to the nature of the job.
We also have a few people taking business flights today.
Some replys maybe delayed due to this.
I will keep everyone up to date if I am informed of any delays.
###Proof - https://imgur.com/gallery/PHxZQMy - https://imgur.com/a/kfHpTnK
###Additional Proof - https://imgur.com/a/sguE54T - https://redd.it/9cnzuj.
If the US doesn't classify it, they don't have nuclear torpedoes.
Why?
&amp;#x200B;
They would sink themselves after detonating on another ship.
Cost!!!!
They’d be a lot more to manufacture, store, maintain, and travel with.
I imagine there are much more cost effective ways for a submarine crew to kill themselves.
Not at any reasonable range.
Actual probable answer is that America never had to sink dozens of aircraft carriers.
The Soviets introduced a 650mm tube, wake-homing, and nuclear warheads all to sink carriers.
America put a bigger tube in their Seawolf's decades later but that was it, and they have since been dropped.
Also, subs aren't necessarily underwater tanks.
You dont need that kind of power to bring one down.
It'd be a waste of money and unnecessary equipment.
Those torpedoes were for sinking super-carriers, which make tanks look like VW Beetles by comparison.
Nuclear torpedoes are easily the dumbest idea anyone ever came up with.
100% will kill you more than anyone else.
I don't know.
The supercavitating nuclear torpedoes look quite convincing to me.
Have you ever tried to sink a tank?
But how far away does it have to be before you don’t kill yourself?
And how much farther past not killing yourselves do you have to be before you don’t destroy all your sensors?
At that point can you put enough fuel in to travel that far?
I’m sure an unmanned under water nuclear device is in the future but I doubt it’s a torpedo, probably more of an unmanned sub drone with a payload.
What kind?
Hello kitty.
Is it worth starting WWIII just to sink a carrier?
What would be our response if an enemy used a nuke torpedo to sink a carrier battle group?
8,000 dead sailors?
At a minimum, we would sink every surface ship, and half the submarines in the enemy navy within a week.
And probably nuke all their navy bases just to show them we were serious.
Not worth the escalation risk.
The U.S. did have a nuclear torpedo - the MK 45 ASTOR.
It was only in service from 1959 to 1976.
The submariners used to joke that it had a P_k (probability of kill) of 2 - the enemy submarine and theirs.
There's not much use for a nuclear torpedo in a conventional war anyway.
The SUBROC, a submarine-launched rocket with a nuclear warhead, lasted a bit longer - 1964-1989.
The rocket got the warhead far enough away that it wouldn't be a risk for the launching submarine.
Can you feel water currents like a turbulence in a plane??
(I'm very curious about this one hahah)
You can hear the cavitation more than you can feel it.
While submerged, not really.
While surfaced, imagine the last beer floating in the melted ice of a cooler the next morning.
Yes you can, if you're at periscope depth you are most vulnerable to the currents but they can affect the vessel at most depths.
As the others have said already, it depends.
You can feel motion in the deep in the boat if there's a storm up on top though.
It usually disappates around 40-50 meters down, but the swells can be felt even deeper if its a bad storm.
If she's still rolling when you're at depth 100 meters, might be worth a try to have the OOW ask the CO for permission to go deeper.
A friend transitted the Atlantic to return home to Faslane at the same time the 'Perfect Storm' happened and he said they went to deep diving depth and still felt it rocking the boat a bit.
I've felt a storm at 50metres on a Trafalgar Class boat.
I've been under a tropical storm, in the Atlantic Ocean, and we were taking 35-degree rolls to each side at 350ft (106.7m) deep.
We got caught by a typhoon coming out of Hong King.
I saw this massive black wall before we submerged.
We could definitely feel wave action at a much deeper depth.
We ended up at periscope depth for no good reason during the storm and half the crew was vomiting, we lost a lot of our plates and chow was all over the messdecks.
Good times.
Those are the times when all you can do is laugh.
Does that also depend on the size of the boat?
Similar to how light aircraft experience more turbulence?
Military submarines are relatively similar in size, for this purpose.
As in, a 688 will probably move as much due to oceanic currents as a Trident.
What changes is the station-keeping capabilities installed on the boat.
Newb questions: where does the poop go?
I've heard that y'all can stay under for 6 months, or at least a few months.
Couple hundred dudes all stuck in a tube.
That's alot of poo.
Where does it go?
Also, how often does our subs interact with other nations subs?
Do you just accidentally go into an area where there's a Russian sub?
Or Chinese?
Do you see one on sonar, utter "oh shit" and bug out?
Poop goes to the San tank, which can be pumped or blown overboard.
2nd question probably shouldn't be answered.
The poop goes in the ocean, just like the trash.
Interactions with adversarial subs are usually on purpose.
I am aware that Soviet boats operate non-acoustic detection methods which presumably operate by detecting things like nickel and other trace elements only found within the cooling cycles of a submarine.
My question is could they not build a poop/trash sensor to detect such things as specific depths?
Also, how often do you personally think that intentional contact happens one way or another?
For example, if you track down a dozen Russian subs and accidentally run into one, do you think that a dozen Russian subs at some point tracked you down as well?
&gt; My question is could they not build a poop/trash sensor to detect such things as specific depths?
You are seriously misjudging the amount of shit compared to the vastness of the ocean.
A couple hundred gallons of shit is going to be completely undetectable in the x to the nth power gallons of water that make up the ocean.
I don't think I can answer the last part...
During/prior to WW1 British submariners had to go in a bucket and then dispose of it when their boat next surfaced.
HMS Holland 1, first RN boat, had a flushing toilet.
Subsequent ones didn't!
One notable early WW1 success for the legendary RN submarine captain Max Horton was the sinking of the German cruiser Hela, which, so the story goes, he only spotted because of the violent flatulence and extreme excretions of an officer who had unwisely taken pills to combat constipation.
The air became so foul in submarine E9 that she had to surface to evacuate the offending fumes and buckets.
It was while E9 was lurking at periscope depth after that episode that Hela was unfortunate enough to come over the horizon.
12 of Hela's 200-strong crew were killed, with Horton and his crew later receiving prize money for the deed - where there's er muck, there's er cash!
I think you are underestimating the sensitivity of modern scientific equipment.
If they can detect trace amounts of zinc or chrome then why not something similarly unique to human waste/garbage?
Because even if you do detect it, how do you know it is from an enemy submarine instead of the cruise ship/ fishing trawler/ cargo vessel that is operating in the same area?
This one's in my wheelhouse.
As mechanics, one of the things we were responsible for was the sanitary system.
2 tanks, we could either pump them overboard with the shit pump or pressurize the tanks with compressed air and blow the contents overboard.
Unless of course whoever is in charge of blowing the tanks lines the system up incorrectly; then it goes into the galley.
Context clues and information from other detection methods or from boats/ships in the area.
I wouldn't completely knock the idea...
&gt; we could either pump them overboard with the shit pump or pressurize the tanks with compressed air and blow the contents overboard

Ones a gentle pump of shit into the dark unknown, and ones a violent/angry explosion of shit?
Somebody else posted on how somebody was actually found because of the offboarding of shit.
Also, what is the crime for waiting until your under a boat/ship to unload?
Like, can a sub commander go under another ship, unload the shit, and then lulz at they skamper away?
And the last point - shit in the galley - please tell me that actually happened.
There are rules about it; we had to be a certain distance away from land before we emptied our san tanks.
And we also had a limit on how high we would pressurize the tanks for noise reasons.
It was just much quicker to pressurize and blow the tanks overboard than it was to sit there and wait for the unreliable shit pump to finally pull a suction and then take forever to empty the tanks.
As far as shit in the galley while I was on board...it happened.
Twice.
And the best part is that since we were the only division that had the extra poop-defense shots, that meant each time it happened, we all had to go clean it up together.
Do you hear a fishing boat?
if so then problem solved, but if not than it means there may be a submarine in the area.
Add in other methods like radiation, thermal shifts, etc and you end up being able to guess relatively effectively.
&gt;And the last point - shit in the galley - please tell me that actually happened.
More often than it should, happened 3 times on a deployment that I was on.
You'll also get the half sleeping person opening the toilet valve and getting a face full of pressurized shit, that happened less often than the galley though.
&amp;#x200B;
The poop get flushed into the sewage tank and other forms of wasted domestic water get drained to the slop/drain tank.
When it's operationally convenient the sewage is pumped out and the slop/drain afterwards which also helps flush the line clear of blockages.
Second question I will not answer.
San tank or sewage tank?
Serious question, as in the Royal Navy the San tank was the tank filled with sea water which was subsequently used to flush toilets.
Sanitation, san or sans for short, more affectionately poop tanks.
former sonarman here, non acoustic detection methods are probably not good enough to maintain track of a submarine and definitely not accurate enough to build a firing solution.
Unless a boat just did a discharge the amount of radiation around a submarine is minuscule, I’m talking you wouldn’t be able to pick up anything above background especially if it’s operating at normal power levels.
You can walk right above one that is at power on the surface and be fine.
As for thermal shifts, again almost no chance.
The delta of seawater in and out isn’t that much.
Have you ever felt someone pee in a pool from across the pool?
The normalizing of the temperature is fairly quick too based on the difference in temperature.
Gotta love some convection currents.
One of the really crazy parts about poop is some ports don't have pier connections for sewage.
We have been told many times to wait until the tide is going out blow it into the water at the pier.
**dont over pressurize the tank** or you will shoot a shit geyser 20 feet high and cover the topside watches.
Another funny poop story.
Was moored outboard a surface ship in Port everglades Fl.
for fleet week in '06 - [here is a photo](http://navsource.org/archives/08/760/0876721.jpg) - We had to connect our sewer lines directly into their poop tank.
Hoses ran all the way up to the side and into the boat.
We had to blow our tanks and one of our A-gangers over pressurized the hose and blew it open.
Another great shit geyser that only sprayed on their ship :) We didn't even have to clean it up because we weren't qualified on surface ships to handle CHT lol.
Except a fishing boat isn't always motoring round.
Depending on the type of fishing they are doing some boats stop running once they have deployed their kit.
From my experience the first part of your answer is now out of date but the second part I would agree with.
There is very strong evidence to suggest that non acoustic sensors have successfully acquired submarines by sniffing a trail.
Still not as good as passive and active sonar but it's valuable.
I see, we never used that collective term.
Slop drain for sinks and showers etc
Sewage for shit
San tank for flushing toilets.
You are missing the point.
I think that you, like the other guy, are seriously underestimating the sensitivity of modern scientific equipment.
Not what I meant.
Submarines passing through the thermal layer cause significant disturbances.
The Soviets even made a radar to detect said convection currents.
They were good enough to track a carrier by the late 70's, and the point is that they aid in detection and identification.
So you’re saying that they have instruments that can adequately and predictably detect increases in background radiation of a submarine at lets say 1000 yards.
That submarine is submerged in water which is a great shield and moderator.
Water has a tenth thickness of ~24” depending on the density and salinity.
Some quick math, if the submarine is giving off 1000 CPS above background on contact, at 1,000 yards that would be down to 1*10^-1497 CPS above background.
I’m calling shenanigans.
I'm not mate I just wanted to put across there is a complexity to the issue.
Isn't Max Horton the guy who was approached by a femme fatale sent to kill him but charmed her into switching sides?
Everything about submarines are complicated, that itself means nothing.
&gt;So you’re saying that-

Let me stop you right there.
No.
He was, in the Baltics - &amp; also recounted p140 in 'The Deadly Trade'.
I don't think she was on the German side, more just hired to do a favour for the local friends of Berlin who wanted to ingratiate themselves by bumping off the dastardly Horton.
He made sure she got away, while the people who sponsored her met a grisly end.
Is that long blister the housing for the towed sonar array?
what’s the food like about the submarine?
are there fresh vegetables, or do they run out pretty quick?
lots of steak?
On a U.S. Navy Trident, we would have fresh vegetables, but they became less-and-less fresh as the patrol went on.
The milk runs out on day three, typically.
Eggs aren't stored in cold storage, so eventually those go bad.
Toward the end of patrol, the bread gets *juust* a little bit moldy.
There's only steak or lobster/crab meals rarely: Chief's Night, Officer's Night, or Halfway Night.
thanks!
Food on Norwegian subs is outstanding!
The chefs are the best, and they work miracles in the tiny galley.
I've sailed with several chefs who were voluntarily reassigned from the Royal Yacht to submarines, and they were definately skilled enough to work in Michelin-star restaurant if they wanted to.
Veggies spoil rather quickly, as do fruit, but the chef is a miracle worker that produces fantastic meals even after a month at sea.
Also, freshly baked bread daily.
Food-wise, what you're served is how you know what day of the week it is, and Norwegian subs have traditions.
Fish dinner is served twice a week (typically Tuesday and Thursday), its pizza night on Wednesday and Saturday nights, naturally we have Taco Friday (don't ask, it's a Norwegian thing), while Sunday is egg &amp; bacon for breakfast and steak dinner.
You guys didn't have the UHT milk?
You're right-- we did get the plastic-tasting UHT (Ultra High Tenperature pasteurized) milk.
I forgot about that.
Our fresh milk went in about 3 days, then after that it was plastic cow until the end of patrol.
I never trusted that shit.
It didn't follow the natural laws of the universe.
On a British boat it is fairly good all round.
Full English each morning, theme night on Wednesday, fish on Friday, steak on Saturday, roast and pizza on Sunday.
All cooked on the day.
Veg was fresh until it ran out then frozen was used.
Milk was fresh for a few days (stuff a mess fridge with fresh before sailing) then we went over to UHT, then over to powdered milk.
By that time the eggs which were stored in with the torpedoes and missiles have got so bad that we could only have them scrambled or they were so bad we ditched them.
Ice cream once in a blue moon.
Had the opportunity to obtain American ice cream at the north pole and enjoyed that for breakfast, lunch and dinner dessert all the way home.
Mmmmm A nice glass of UHT Milk, with a Dehydrated Egg, Spam and canned bacon sandwich.
I guess you and the Norwegian guys get better and fresher food than the Americans because you don't stray too far from home lol.
No it's just that the yanks get hammered for sea time and work really hard.
They have to do what they must to ensure longevity of their patrols and put up with reduced quality not because their standards are different but because they sacrifice to get shit done.
I don't disagree.

Summary: 
I could go on for a while.
Second question I will not answer.
##Welcome to the Submarines AMA!!
He will only answer a few questions.
I never trusted that shit.
I am a US Submarine Veteran and the founder of r/Submarines.
what’s the food like about the submarine?
Newb questions: where does the poop go?
We will be answering questions all night on the AMA.
San tank or sewage tank?
I don't think I can answer the last part...
As far as shit in the galley while I was on board...it happened.
**Questions involving classified information will not be answered.
** I apologize before hand if your question doesn't get answered.
Also, subs aren't necessarily underwater tanks.
We will be live going into the 5th.
The poop goes in the ocean, just like the trash.
Have you ever tried to sink a tank?
2nd question probably shouldn't be answered.
I imagine there are much more cost effective ways for a submarine crew to kill themselves.
Poop goes to the San tank, which can be pumped or blown overboard.
This one's in my wheelhouse.
If the US doesn't classify it, they don't have nuclear torpedoes.
Do you hear a fishing boat?
I will be handling the questions for him as he inst a reddit user.
More often than it should, happened 3 times on a deployment that I was on.
The active submariners have unreliable schedules due to the nature of the job.
Does that also depend on the size of the boat?
Everything about submarines are complicated, that itself means nothing.
The submariners used to joke that it had a P_k (probability of kill) of 2 - the enemy submarine and theirs.
The U.S. did have a nuclear torpedo - the MK 45 ASTOR.
Do you just accidentally go into an area where there's a Russian sub?
The milk runs out on day three, typically.
We get questioned about classified material all the time so don't hesitate to ask us anything.
I wouldn't completely knock the idea...
Military submarines are relatively similar in size, for this purpose.
