Original Response: 
They put this kinda shit on their dating profiles too...
It works though.
At one of the companies I worked for, I helped a sales rep with a dating profile since he wasn't having great luck with the platform.
I emphasized the need to stress that he was a sales manager at an international medical device firm (our HQ was in Asia and all sales reps who had passed probation were "district managers").
He went from almost no matches to tons.
Works for guys.
On a female profile I just want to see a hot pic.
No kids please.
A sign that their career (or sometimes "career") is the single most important aspect of their personality.
To me that's like a pink flag: it might be washed out red, it might be white but colored by the setting sun (or rising sun).
A hot picture helps.
I dunno, if there's no mention of being vegan, doing yoga or how many continents they've been to, it's not worth the time.
Best is "loves to travel".
Looking for a free flight to a Mexican all inclusive.
"Foodie" | I don't cook.
I have no idea what you just said friend...but, it sounded really cool when read out loud.
I'm always concerned about people who make their career the most important part of them.
The job's important, but it's not everything.
"Likes to wear heels" | Short men need not apply.
"love adventures" | Enjoys doing drugs at festivals.
Wanderlust or bust.
When did profiles switch from "loves hiking" to "loves to travel" ?
/#globalcitizen.
[deleted]
This is why I hate LinkedIn.
Reading people’s posts are even worse, it’s all superficial bullshit about how they overcame some obstacle, or gave someone a chance, or whatever.
People are trying to sell themselves, that’s their pitch, it’s the job of the employer to buy the right pitch.
Imagine if salesmanship and borderline deception wasn't a cornerstone of our society though.
I love commenting on those posts shitting all over them.
Nobody expects it cos everyone's circle jerking in order to show how BUSINESS they are.
Wow you showed them though.
yeah owned.
I MADE MY EMPLOYEES WEAR SUITS WHEN THEY FLY AND HERE IS WHY (currently unemployed for the last 10 months but at least my old employees wore suits)
But most of its a lie.
Its like buying a blender that also does your taxes and getting mad when it can't do either.
Can’t really blame them when employers ask for an undergrad degree preferred for minimum wage jobs, entry level jobs that require 5 years of experience, or masters degree holders that are expected to do an internship before working.
Boomers are once again fucking up another social media platform by sharing chain emails and funny videos..
That is a risk an employer must take.
If the business world was low or no risk, the economy would be much smaller than it is.
I've taken to just posting articles about the dire consequences of climate change.
Fun stuff.
Then I'd never get laid.
It’s called marketing.
If you’re not using keywords that truly represent what you do, good luck getting called by a recruiter.
I get calls almost weekly and always analyze what keywords are bringing me up in a search and do they represent my skillset well.
The problem is that bschool - corporate speak doesn’t represent what people do.
As much as I hold HR with little regard they can clearly tell when someone lathers their cv with marketingspeak.
No, HR is a bunch of ass clowns who only hit CTRL F for key words.
They all think they have the best techniques for sorting through candidates because they never deal with the consequences.
Have to agree with /u/Robx9001.
The simplest explanation is usually the right one.
After all, don't most people sort of find themselves in HR rather than explicitly go there?
I work for Disney corporate.
Apparently them and all the major corporations do gravitated towards the corporate speak.
[deleted]
Oh I’m sorry.
You work for Disney.
I must be incorrect.
Well I have a lot of experience with corporate recruiters so you can slam people who are trying make keyword rich copy so that they can be found on LinkedIn but it works.
&gt; decision makers

I barf at that term.
&gt;analyze what keywords are bringing me up in a search

How do you do that?
I trialled the premium but didn't see an option for that.
I don't think my linkedin shows up very often because I'm just plain and honest about what I do/have done.
Go to your notifications and if you came up in a search there will be a line that says “where your searchers work”.
Right now I came up in 142 searches last week, 25% of those searchers were a recruiter, it shows me where the searchers work and what keywords were used.
There’s nothing wrong with being honest, but you don’t want to use 2 word responses.

Summary: 
I work for Disney corporate.
This is why I hate LinkedIn.
I love commenting on those posts shitting all over them.
Best is "loves to travel".
Wow you showed them though.
The job's important, but it's not everything.
&gt;analyze what keywords are bringing me up in a search

How do you do that?
I trialled the premium but didn't see an option for that.
&gt; decision makers

I barf at that term.
