Original Response: 
Stefan Molyneux had a good video explaining YouTube Censorship Manifesto as well.
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2j2gmMrqKgM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2j2gmMrqKgM)

Description: The George Soros’ Open Society Foundation funded Data &amp; Society Research Institute recently released a report titled “Alternative Influence: Broadcasting the Reactionary Right on YouTube” by Rebecca Lewis.
The report claimed that 65 political commentators had created a “Alternative Influence Network” by adopting “brand influencer” techniques with the goal of “selling” a far-right political ideology.
The “Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon” style report sought draw collaborative connections between many political commentators including Stefan Molyneux – and far-right ideology, and was thus widely spread by the mainstream media.
Molyneux is jewish.
He is a naked proponent of Israel.
That is why he exists.
Molyneux fan?
Watch this.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bovRn0jiJDw&amp;bpctr=1537905836.
I know he’s jewish and if that’s the video I think it is, I’ve already seen it.
He’s still one of the hardest hitters in our movement.
I watch most of his uploads.
He singlehandedly changed me from a progressive to a conservative.
Evidence and logic.
&gt; Molyneux is jewish.
He is a naked proponent of Israel.
He’s a fighter for our movement and responsible for waking up millions.
He's not.
Sorry.
Jewish and Israel firster.
Hid the fact he was jewish for a long time.
Molyneux jumped the shark a long time ago.
&gt; responsible for waking up millions.
You seem to ignore the most important part.
He's a fan of israel.
OK.
He's jewsih.
OK He's waking up millions of people to the atrocities of the left.
That doesn't matter to you?
&gt; the atrocities of the left.
Both sides are bought.
Israel is the enemy.
Don't bother replying again.
No longer interested in speaking with someone obviously disingenuous.
&gt;both sides

There it is.
If you still believe in either side of the aisle, you are not a particularly bright person especially at this point in time.
Stop mincing your words and acting like a coward.
&gt; Don't bother replying again.
No longer interested in speaking with

I'm the coward?
That's fresh

I've stated my stance openly.
Stefan calls out the left for their lunacy.
You're the one on the fence.
"Both sides are evil" "I stand for nothing" You're the one who hasn't plainly stated their beliefs.
lol what a joke.
You're really so thick as to believe the system still?
The joke is you.
But you believe Molyneux, so you're stupid.
That's all there is to it.
Moly is a joooooooo and you're stupid.
This is your entire argument.
What a waste.
Molyneux is an Israel firster, and will protect Israel above the interests of this country.
Get it right.
After all these years, you still haven't figured it out.
Molyneux is a zionist corporatist shill.
Have you never heard of leftists who are anti-SJW ?
??
In fact I would strongly argue there's nothing remotely left wing about anti-free speech, third wave feminism, blaming cis white males, pushing 58 genders bullshit, etc.
the SJW propaganda is manufactured to make pro-worker leftism look retarded (guilt by association "YOU LEFTISTS ARE ALL FEMINISTSSSS" strawman comments all over the internet by shills and retards).
SJW is a modern psyop ideology and real leftism has existed long long before it.
It's an identity politics smear campaign.
You are experiencing social engineering.
The establishment hates anti-war, pro-worker left wing policies so they want to shut it down with SJW bullshit.
"Don't blame the banksters, blame the cis white male patriarchy!!"
What bullshit.
Reddit is compromised and lots of so called "leftist subs" are not promoting leftist economics (more worker control to some degree) but rather shitty unfettered corporatism and SJW horseshit.
I don't give a fuck what country he supports.
He brings the punches that helps our movement to millions,ya heard?
Millions of people.
He preaches against white guilt.
He preaches against open borders.
He preaches against big gov, and high taxes.
He spreads the message I agree with.
IDGAF about his views on israel.
You make it sound like he shills for israel.
I've never heard him say anything positive about them.
You sould like one of the liberal scumbags that judge people on stupid shit.
He's an asset to the movement I want.
How is he an israel shill?
I've never heard him speak of them.
Does he write secret messages,subliminally in the background of his videos?
Get real.
He supports israel?
IDC bruh.
He keeps it out of his vids and out of our movement.
What should I care who he supports in silence?
Molyneux in countering the propaganda being pushed and he's reaching millions, waking up millions just like he woke me up.
I used to be a berniebro.
What a fucking fool I was.
Stefan woke me up.
He's waking up more people than anyone else in our movement.
It's no wonder he has so many haters.
What has he woken you up about?
That SJWism is shitty?
What a revelation lol.
You keep saying "our movement".
What movement?
I hate the guy because he was shitting on Bernie Sanders and in an intellectually dishonest way.
The establishment hated Bernie because he was going to stop the corporatist gravy train to a large extent.
The point I'm making is corporatist shills try to blame "leftism" for what moron SJWs are doing (an ideology the establishment pushes).
Don't conflate the two and you'll find left wingers and centrists that you can have a drink with.
If you care about your fellow worker, you already have a lot in common with legit woke left wingers who are anti-SJW and anti-corporatism (aka a real left winger).
Todays left means open borders, completely abolishing ICE, keeping illegals in our country and making them citizens, raising taxes, chasing away breadwinner manufacturing jobs with ridiculously high business taxes and replacing them with welfare instead.
They also believe in things like white privilege, patriarchy, the evil straight-white-christian-male, safe spaces on college campus', hate speech, shutting down opposing opinions, ,,,fuck.
I feel like I could go on and on.
Nothing to do with SJW bullshit.
Both sides can see those people are insane and are least of my worries.
It's obvious you don't watch his videos so how tf would you know what you're talking about?
PJW, Mark Dice, so many others shit on SJW.
I like them too, it's hilarous.
Stefan however, speaks truth.
I used to support bernie because I had no idea what I was talking about.
Free this and free that.
THere's no such thing as free.
There's only the gov stealing your money and buying it for you.
NO THANK YOU.
His plan on "muh taxing the rich" would chase away all the jobs that's finally coming back, thanks to trump.The Breadwinner jobs.
"The Rich" can be replaced with business owners.
That's what they are.
That's how they got rich.
It makes more sense and cuts to the chase.
Business owners were paying 40%.
40%!
They were paying more than their fair share.
So tired of the false narrative that "the rich need to pay their fair share".
The stupid stupid politicians passed NAFTA, which enabled companies to move out of America, make their products with cheap labor, pay no taxes, and ship their product back into America with no penalty whatsoever.
All our manufacturing jobs, factory jobs, all our breadwinner jobs were chased out of this country by ridiculously high taxes.
Now they're coming back!
Soon, you won't be forced to have a college degree to get a decent job.
The way it's supposed to be.
Trump lowered corporate taxes to the level that the rest of the world taxes them at.
Around 20%.
Then he renegotiated NAFTA where countries can't ship their products in for free anymore.
This had to happen.
Democrats have chased away all the breadwinner jobs and replaced them with welfare programs.
Breadwinner jobs: jobs that you can get straight out of high school that will take you to the middle class.
The good jobs!
The jobs that get people out of poverty.
Welfare has never gotten anyone out of poverty.
In fact, it encourages them to stay there.
The trick is to give you just enough to survive and to be "content", but not enough where you'll ever leave poverty.
And I don't even want to get started on drastically raising min wage.
You want higher wages?
Bring in better jobs and lower, yes lower!, min wage.
Please stop with the Dem vs Repub and SJW vs alt right, Trump vs Clinton type bullshit.
I'm not arguing for those groups.
I'm arguing for a more sensible economy that's not unfettered capitalism but socialistic capitalism which is more balanced and gives the workers more freedom and economic security.
FDR style mixed economics.
No, there is no "today's left" imaginary entity.
You can say there's a moronic social engineering trend of SJWism but don't call it leftism because that's not what it is.
People are brainwashed, don't be surprised.
You're brainwashed yourself by believing that shill you follow.
Anyway back to Bernie Sanders.
He wasn't pushing "free shit" to steal from you.
Your money is nothing but a drop in the bucket.
There's not really such a thing as free.
The word is used for simplicity.
Workers/tax payers WORK for their money and that money then goes towards socialized single payer universal healthcare (instead of shitty Obamacare which is crony capitalist profiteering -- socializing the risks and privatizing the profits while ripping off the tax payer).
Big difference between these two.
Then the universal healthcare benefits the entire nation with affordable healthcare free from big pharma/insurance company profiteering scams, i.e.
cheaper and better healthcare like in the rest of the western world (although some of them are not that socialized but still better than the extremely privatized cronyist U.S. Obamacare).
Essential services are not free shit.
It's taking care of your fellow countrymen and women and everyone chips in, especially those fucking elites who like to hoard everything and give nothing back.
This also makes the country more efficient with healthier, happier workers less riddled with bullshit debt.
More time for business ideas and spending time with family.
Why should we kiss corporations' asses?
They're the reason we're fucked in the first place.
Bribing our government.
Fuck them.
Small and medium businesses should replace them and compete without monopolies and without cronyist interference.
A BIG CORPORATION should have that 40% tax bracket because they're making a shit load of money and they used public infrastructure and WORKERS to get shit done.
I'm not saying dismantle businesses.....I'm saying fuck super greed like these corporate CEOs making hundreds or thousands of times more money than their employees.
It's disgusting.
The NWO is that on steroids.
Economic slavery.
Better jobs are formed from innovation, affordable college and regulating against unethical business practices.
Obama's using taxes for profit and hence it's not as efficient as non-cronyist social democracy.
If a company can't afford to pay decent wages, it deserves to go out of business.
I'm not saying treat small businesses and corporations the same, no (maybe they can get assistance as a startup if they've got a good idea going).
But improving the economy for the average Joe with "equal opportunity" (not forced opportunity) will make people better off financially and you'll get more small/medium businesses competing with the bastard monopolies.
I would also break up the huge corps into smaller businesses to reduce their ridiculous power.
The "give tax breaks to billionaires" bullshit has been tried for 30+ years since Reagan and been a massive failure.
Income inequality has INCREASED dramatically.
The middle class was destroyed.
The newer generations are more fucked than the previous ones.
We need a more balanced economy.
Fuck the traitor corporations who moved jobs to poorer countries to set up sweatshops for more profit.
This is why I'm saying fuck giving into demands from sociopath globalist corporations and get some small/medium businesses up and get money out of politics so corporations can't bribe the gov in making the corps untouchable.
This is a win win situation for everyone except the parasite elite.
No surprised the entire corporate media shat on him 24/7.
They'd rather have a corporatist like Reagan than a balanced social democrat like FDR (pro-business but also pro-worker).
&gt;lets raise taxes on corporations

also

&gt;corporations should pay higher wages

also

&gt;we need cheaper prices

You realize how stupid this is?
This is why you can't debate leftys.
You're clueless to how BASIC economics work.
\^\^ LOL HUH?!
Jesus christ these people are pathetic.
Go read some actual American history of what we have done to the world since WW2, largely in the name of corporate profits headed by the conservative/republican party... Allen Dulles, Cheney, Bush's, quagmire wars.. ALL OF THE MOST HORRENDOUS SHIT IN THE LAST 50 YEARS HAS BEEN CAUSED BY REPUBLICANS PUSHING WAR.
I mean people just don't have a fucking clue on here any more.
This guy is retarded.
Go read a fucking history book you ignoramus.
XD.
This is why you can't debate leftys.
People like you always go "do you even economic??".
Not an argument.
FDR already did this type of economics and many top economists agreed with Bernie Sanders' policies.
There's no magic involved.
It's basically just centrism and works better than the current corrupt model.
Of course it's an argument.
It doesn't surprise me that you get that response often.Bruh, you can not have all three of those things.
It's impossible.
This is why you keep getting the "do you even economic" comments.
Those very same economists all agreed that if trump won the economy would free fall us into another depression.
Thes people are liars and manipulators.
Apply some critical thought.
I have applied critical thought.
Corporate media was cheering TRUMP VS CLINTON!!!!!!
even during the primaries.
These propagandists prefer those two corporatists over an anti-establishment social democrat like Bernie who would rock the boat like FDR did before him.
Apply critical thought?
Let's say I don't fully understand FDR's economics as much as I think I do and perhaps not all three worked at the same time....are you going to exercise "critical thought" and actually look into it or are you going to just swallow NEOliberal propaganda that has infested the education system and national narrative?
Giving tax breaks to billionaires does not work, period.
Sociopaths don't give a fuck.
"It will bring back jobs!"
Repeatedly is not what happens and even if it did, decent secure long term jobs is another angle people ignore.
And why is the gov giving free money to huge corporations??
This system is unjust.
My economic position nowhere near extreme as you think, I think you should look into it and see how balanced it is.
The standard of living was much better pre-Reagan.
Things were cheaper, wages were higher, corporations were tax more, just generally less economic corruption compared to post-Reagan.
You missed the point of my comment.
You can't have higher taxes, higher wages, and lower prices.
YOU CAN'T.
It's impossible.
Capitalism forces these companies to already have their products as cheap as possible because competition.
You jack up taxes like bern wants and all the companies will leave aaggaaaiiinnn.
They're finally coming back.
Now we have more jobs than we have workers,first time in history.
Companies are competing for workers, not the other way around.
This is why true wages are going up for the first time in ages.1950's America had the highest wages in the world and the lowest prices in the world.
Then in came these liberal welfare programs and high taxes.
This country has gone in the gutter since and will continue until we bring back manufacturing.
Trump has added over half a million manufacturing jobs in a short period of time.
For the first time in decades we're heading in the right direction.
It's really simple to understand once you see it.
Iused to be a hardcore bernie bro.
There's still hope for you...
Do you have amnesia?
Correct The Record called us BernieBros to make us look "sexist against not voting Clinton".....
Anyway who cares if parasite corporations leave, they weren't going to be good businesses anyway like they've always been corrupt shit paying low wages except when they had to comply with decent min.
wage.
Government can be a force for good if you get corporate money out of politics.
There would be a shift to centrist and left wing politicians rather than corporatist puppets.
If corporations "leave again" as you say, then small/medium businesses will fill in the gap.
&gt;1950's America had the highest wages in the world and the lowest prices in the world.
You know FDR was pres like exactly just before this right?
This is why I say social democracy is what we need and not shitty corporatism that has proven over and over again to benefit the elite at the expense of the workers and small/medium businesses.
And we don't need to give crony big corporations free money they neither need nor deserve.
Manufacturing jobs will come with social democracy....that's what happens when you encourage innovation through equal opportunity (not forced equality) and not greed.
And investing some taxes on new infrastructure.
Affordable college will also bring in more doctors, engineers, etc.
and reduce the ridiculous student debt in this country.
Bernie is what Trump should have been all along.
But the corporatists control Trump right now.
ahh yes, here come the insults.
Typical.
We're done here.
What was the insult?
Not agreeing with him.

Summary: 
That's all there is to it.
I like them too, it's hilarous.
The jobs that get people out of poverty.
"It will bring back jobs!"
What a fucking fool I was.
I used to be a berniebro.
He's a fan of israel.
I don't give a fuck what country he supports.
He's an asset to the movement I want.
I watch most of his uploads.
Sociopaths don't give a fuck.
THere's no such thing as free.
You keep saying "our movement".
I mean people just don't have a fucking clue on here any more.
You make it sound like he shills for israel.
People like you always go "do you even economic??".
The way it's supposed to be.
I have applied critical thought.
Thes people are liars and manipulators.
He spreads the message I agree with.
"The Rich" can be replaced with business owners.
I feel like I could go on and on.
He is a naked proponent of Israel.
Nothing to do with SJW bullshit.
This is why you keep getting the "do you even economic" comments.
People are brainwashed, don't be surprised.
The NWO is that on steroids.
He preaches against big gov, and high taxes.
He keeps it out of his vids and out of our movement.
That is why he exists.
What should I care who he supports in silence?
There's not really such a thing as free.
Free this and free that.
Government can be a force for good if you get corporate money out of politics.
You are experiencing social engineering.
And why is the gov giving free money to huge corporations??
This is your entire argument.
The word is used for simplicity.
OK He's waking up millions of people to the atrocities of the left.
He's waking up more people than anyone else in our movement.
