Original Response: 
Recently my boyfriend found out sex occasionally hurts me.
It's not all the time but when it happens its usually for a very short time in the beginning and/or towards the end of rougher sex (especially if it goes on longer than like 10 minutes).
I didn't tell him earlier because it's normal for me (happened with my previous partner too) and I didn't think the pain was worth making him stop.
It came out during a slightly drunk conversation a few weeks ago, so now he knows.
He said he doesn't want to hurt me and asked me to tell him if it hurts in the future.
Since our conversation I've experienced pain (beyond just being kind of sore) five times and each time I let him know.
He stopped every time but seemed a little upset about it.
He has never been mean and after a few minutes asked if I was okay each time we stopped but I could tell he was frustrated initially (maybe disappointed too?).
I'm concerned this is ruining sex for him.
I'm wondering if he really wants to know when it hurts or if he just asked me to tell him because he felt like he had to?
Would it be wrong not to tell him when I'm pain?
I'm inclined to think keeping it to myself will ultimately make him happier.
**edit:** This received way more attention than I anticipated.
I really appreciate that so many people took the time to reply.
I'll have to catch up on all of the replies later tonight, I have a class and dance practice this evening.
Thank you to everyone who read my post and wrote a reply.
If what you did during sex was hurting him wouldn't *you* want to know?
Yes.
But I think sex is different for guys?
Maybe I'm wrong.
Edit: I apologize if this comment was offensive.
Why would guys be ok with hurting their partners??
I think you're very wrong here.
Experiencing pain during sex that you didn’t seek out (I.e.
spanking, etc.)
is not okay, you are not a tool or an object just to be used for someone else’s pleasure.
It doesn’t matter if he is frustrated or upset, you have the *right* to pain free sex.
If he can’t respect that then he doesn’t get sex.
You don’t owe him anything.
This is your body!!
Flip the script.
If you’re experiencing something you like but he’s hurting, would it be okay for you to inflict pain on him?
Because that’s what is happening, he is inflicting pain on your body with no regard for you feelings for his pleasure.
EDIT: OP’s boyfriend stopping when she requests it is good, that is what a respecting and loving partner would do.
Her question was based around the idea that she should not tell him because it’s running sex for him.
This is where my response comes in.
What really needs to happen is more communication.
If things are hurting you need to stop and reevaluate, find something that you can both enjoy that doesn’t cause pain.
I think you have this one a bit backwards.
It seems like the guy definitely doesn't want to hurt her.
When she says it hurts he stops.
He seems more frustrated about the fact he is hurting her more than he isn't getting off.
If he just wanted to get off and disregard her he would have just continued to do her the same way as before he knew she would hurt sometimes.
Yes she does have the right to pain free sex but you seem like you're trying to fault him for something that doesn't seem intentional and seems like he is handling correctly.
I think it sounds like he does care.
She wrote he stops and respects her enough to discontinue and find out if she’s okay, right?
Okay, yeah, He seems disappointed... that seems pretty okay to me if he cares more about how she feels.
Downvoted, bad advice.
We want you to like it too.
It's hard to feel good about it if you're uncomfortable.
He could be frustrated with himself.
Maybe he thinks he's doing something wrong.
Sure, he’s stopping, that’s great.
I’m not saying he’s a bad guy.
She’s asking if she should tell him because she thinks it might be ruining sex for him.
In light of that, my answer stands.
It doesn’t matter if it ruins it for him or not.
You find a way to make it not hurt for you partner.
Full stop.
Why don’t you explain why and add to the discussion.
[deleted]
As a guy who has had pain during sex, I have not told my partner about some of it.
It definitely happens.
Lots of times it's just because it's temporary and I can "fix" it without bringing it up, but sometimes it goes on a while and I don't bring it up because she's clearly enjoying it and I don't want her to stop (and if I mentioned it she would definitely stop).
Sometimes I don't want her to stop because *I'm* enjoying it too much, even if it hurts in a very unpleasant way, or because I've convinced myself if I ignore it for a little bit longer I'll get that orgasm and we can both finish 

I make sure to mention it when it's seriously impacting my enjoyment though.
There are plenty of other sexy things we can do that probably don't hurt, and maybe we can try again later with some tweaks.
I imagine your feelings on the matter are similar?
I’m sorry for the downvotes, OP.
This IS what women are taught and you are just giving a look inside the crazy shit women are indoctrinated to endure.
People (especially our mothers for those of us of a certain age) tell women, if sex was bad or painful, to just take it and think of other things.
It’s still a thing people tell women, say, if they are being raped to try and enjoy it in order to sustain less damage.
It is fucked up and not at all surprising that you might think the reason women are told this is because men either (1) don’t care or (2) can’t handle it and will then leave you.
With that said, it simply isn’t true across the board.
Most men are just like you and me, genuinely interested in making sure our partners have the very best time when having sex.
In fact, both men and women put on acts to convince their partners of their sexual prowess and hide their displeasure and discomfort in order to be the best.
Which, is bad!
We should all strive towards being honest with each other, say what we like, what we don’t, and be clear on what needs practice to feel better or to be more fun.
But that also means being tactful and kind and patient when delivering advice or making requests.
And being empathetic.
Wouldn’t you feel terrible and struggle with how you perceive sex if your partner told you that you had been hurting him several times a session and he had been hiding his pain from you?
It is OK for your partner to be reevaluating how great he thinks he is at sex with you after news like that.
You would do the same.
Just continue to confirm what he is awesome at.
Be kind and patient and most of all be vocal and make suggestions on how to make sex better.
He shouldn’t be the only one thinking on improvement, you should be too.
That way, you guys can improve together.
Can’t be bothered.
Excellent, thanks for your contribution to the community, you’re a real standup member.
My post was not commenting on his intentions at all.
I don’t know what they are and from her post it seems like she isn’t sure either.
My point was to reinforce the idea that you don’t accept feeling pain because you think you’re frustrating someone.
It does sound like he cares about her.
Ultimately they need to talk more.
If they are both caring, respecting partners then this is resolvable in a very positive way.
Not true.
Last night sex went on longer than normal (we were headed to a half hour or more) and both my wife and I were getting sore.
Our skin is sensitive there as well.
Please read this whole [article](http://theweek.com/articles/749978/female-price-male-pleasure)
Totally agree.
The down votes she's getting are representative of exactly why we don't speak up.
Downvoted, bad comment.
Thats understanding but the way you worded it sounded very for lack of a better word attackative toward the guy.
She said specifically that she accepted  the pain due to her thinking it was normal rather than some other reason which is understandble of course.
I just wanted to help clarify in case you had the wrong idea because I myself can not offer much advice but you may know more about the subhect than me and in which case you would be more helpful so helping you have would be helping her and I am just here to try and help &lt;3.
You are wrong.
Wow, I can't believe you're getting downvotes for asking a question about sex!
Smh r/sex.
What is the point of this sub if you're not gonna help her and just downvote instead?
I'm happy to see people helping with responses, but over 100 downvotes?
Yikes!
Shame.
[deleted]
Yeah, the downvotes are ridiculous.
She asked a question, and even admitted she could be wrong for thinking that way.
I'm glad some people took the time to answer her honest question, though, and try and help.
I don't understand why the massive downvotes.
She has been honest in telling what she thinks, with the realization that she might be wrong as well.
In what world is this offensive for some?
[deleted]
Because people don't want to admit what women are taught about sex and the role many, many women assume during sex.
They want to pretend such things don't exist.
Maybe he is not disappointed but worried about having hurt her... And she feels guilty so she mistranslates his emotion...?
Not really.
I can't do doggy style with my current gf because our geometries just don't match.
It feels like my dick will bend and break off in that position.
Are you saying that I should keep quiet and say nothing?
Or are you saying that doesn't happen to guys and I'm making it up?
[deleted]
Why is it different?
Its not.
&gt; attackative
I like this!
Gets the point across.
[Antagonistic](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/antagonistic) might also be a good fit.
Please don't take the downvotes to mean that your question was rude or wrong.
As a female it's something I've always thought about, I feel bad about having to stop sex or not being able to gett him to finish.
But I never complain about not getting off.
I care more about his pleasure.
I think this is a normal question imposed by shit standards given to us by shit media.
[deleted]
It wasn't offensive.
Don't even understand why it has so many downvotes.
What do you even mean here?
I assume you meant why women dont speak up about pain/discomfort but thats literally the exact opposite of what those downvotes are saying.
She said "sex is different for men?"
and 192 (at my time of viewing) said "no its not.
We dont want to hurt you.
Here's a downvote showing how I disagree with your assertion."
I took it as over 100 men (and women) disagreeing with her assertion that men dont care if we hurt you.
Not people saying "you suck boo" just "hey, thats wrong.
Heres over a 100 of us to show you"
Am male.
Naturally assume same position as in her pleasure is more important than mine.
I get my, and previous, partners off usually before penetration and truly do not care if I get off most of the time.
Its disappointing if you never try to, but if I was just there to get off, I would jerk it in about 5 minutes without even having to take my pants off fully.
However, I dont feel like that was imposed by shit standards.
I feel like I love getting them off as much as they love getting off.
Upvoting or downvoting isn't about agreeing or disagreeing, actually.
A downvote should represent that a comment didn't contribute to the discussion.
Her comment was completely valid and honest.
She had a question and asked it.
Disagreeing with a downvote isn't being helpful, and it creates a dynamic where people won't ask honest questions because they don't want to get downvoted.
If someone is here to help, whether disagreeing or agreeing, they should comment in a helpful manner, not downvote and move on.
This is a sex-positive subreddit based around questions about sex... let that sink in, and you can determine if 100 people downvoting her was helpful to her question.
It's not helpful to downvote an honest question that's on topic.
It's helpful to downvote when someone is trolling, not being helpful to the discussion, or being way off topic.
100 people downvoting her only promotes less question being asked, and less "help."
She, and no one else knows what these 100 people are thinking.
It just comes off negative.
It would be better if no one voted at all and just simply answered her honest question with honesty.
Women are very often taught that sex is different for men, and it comes as one aspect of broad messages we get not to speak up or rock the boat when we're unsatisfied.
It's entirely relevant that she opened up about her experience of that and seeking input.
Downvote is not supposed to mean agree or disagree.
It's supposed to be used to move things relevant to the discussion up top.
It should have been upvoted and sent to the top because it was the post that got to the root of her issue: the feeling of pressure not to speak up about this because of the messaging so many women get about sex with men.
Whether thats what its supposed to be or not, Im telling you what it is.
That's not 100 people saying her question was invalid.
That's 100 people disagreeing with her statement, regardless of how the upvote system is supposed to work.
Let that sink in and you'll see that over 100 people people provided an answer to her question.
I believe that if you took the time to ask, men would tell you if that were the case.
I was told women were bottoms growing up, when I came of age (the age for me anyway) I asked and learned that was wrong, or at least not necessarily true.
Maybe because Im younger I live in a generation thats more enlightened, but I can assure you that outside of church, you wont find many girls that hold that mentally.
Hell, you wont find many men that hold that mentality.
Its honestly a little offensive that you would be willing to believe that so easily.
Like what do you guys think we are?
How could you think we would enjoy knowing you hated/derived pain from intercourse?
The whole point is that you want us and we want you.
I mean, in certain kinks that's acceptable but both parties know and benefit from whats going on.
Someone just told you that and you accepted that all mean were practically rapists, or at the very least would emotionally abuse you for stopping intercourse because of pain?
Thats kinda disappointing.
Maybe its our fault for not showing you guys better than that but that honestly breaks my heart that you guys could view us as so inhumane in this day and age.
Edit: Im not saying thats how the upvote system is designed to work; Im saying that in the case its pretty evident thats whats happening.
This is why we want men to be feminists.
This *is* the messaging many women get.
That messaging *does* imply that men don't really care, which is why many wouldn't "just ask" the question you suggest.
That's what many of us learn.
Both men and women get fucked up messsges about sex.
An amount of women that would surprise you don't even know sex is supposed to feel good for women.
And some men don't know that either- a really broad sexual survey proved men orgasmed over 90% of the time during sex regardless of their partner's gender, yet the group of women who orgasmed the least was women who have sex with men.
We hope men will not want to live in a world where it's assumed men are monsters who don't care, and will fight for gender equality for our sake *and* theirs.
Trust me, it's sunk in.
The fact she had to apologize for her comment makes the state of this sub very clear to me.
I'm removing myself from this toxicity.
Good day.
To be fair, I wouldn't expect women to orgasm as much because it is not required for reproduction and thus isnt hardwired into their brain/anatomy.
It just doesnt need to happen from a reproductive stand point and often doesnt from PIV intercourse.
Also, did only penetration count for the survey?
If I get my SO off orally, she easily could have gotten off by someone without a penis.
As shitty as it is for most men to admit, our dicks arent vibirators, they were made to inseminate, not pleasure (necessarily).
Thats just reproduction.
Obviously, I think most of the men on this sub take the time to learn what is pleasurable for women, or even more specifically their SO.
But to be suprised that women dont get off as much as men is absurd.
People are suprised when my SO admits, for lack of a better word, that her climax comes first in order of importance.
Getting off as never (rarely) been my goal with intercourse, if I wanted to get off, I could get myself off faster than any women can, and I dont have to do continous ab workouts for over an hour.
A side note, Im not really trying to open a can of worms here, but isnt it other women spreading that nonsense?
Ive never attempted to hit on/impress a girl but saying "I wouldn't care if you hurt during sex, see how manly I am?"
I have never seen, heard, or been told of any male who has attempted to slander his own gender so fucking badly.
What I think happened/happens is you have these outdated views on women/sex from men and women who were born before the age of information, who have/had shitty sex (maybe not in the uninformed male eye), and then the women perpetrates to younger women that that is life.
And then you have OPs issue where he never even knew, never wanted to hurt you, doesnt care half as much about getting off as the fact that hes hurting you, but you dont bring it up and assume he wouldnt care anyway and the cycle continues.
My SO is about 100 lbs at 5'2 and Im considerably larger, 160 at 6'2.
The most worrisome thing is when I accidently hit her cervix wrong, that being the only time I ever bring unwelcome pain I guess.
It literally makes me feel like complete shit.
I had to explain to her that Im not upset that she let me know, Im upset that I ever hurt her with what I thought was love, if that makes sense.
I think men not expressing that you stopping because of pain does upset me, but Im upset that youre in pain, not that I didnt finish, further enforces the preconceived notion that a woman may have about men.
Sorry for rant.
have an upvote op.
all the downvotes are cruel.
i know where you’re coming from.
but please take care of yourself and expect your partner to be considerate of you, too.
More likely he is both worried and disappointed at least a little bit, but not for the reason OP is worried about.
He could be disappointed in himself for not realizing his partner is in pain and stopping earlier.
I dont think she should have to apologize.
On that we agree.
But I can also see how that can be offensive, Im a little offended.
Not by OP, but by the notion that thats the way things are.
Its the same when people insinuate that all women are golddiggers (best example I could think of), it's a lie that makes you feel bad that anyone could ever think that of your gender.
Even if they wholeheartedly believe/have been taught that, it hurts.
I think the sub doesnt know where to put that hurt/anger that such a premonition exists, and is depositing it in the downvote button.
Not trying to be toxic and angry mob her.
[deleted]
Her assertion?
Lol wtf.
She didn't assert anything.
[deleted]
It's an idea that is getting reinforced in porn as well.
Porn frequently depicts women getting hurt in ways they clearly are not enjoying and just enduring it.
Part of the enjoyment seems to come from the sadistic aspect of knowing she hates it but has to take it for the paycheck.
The Downvote button is not a Disagree button.
Downvotes are supposed to mean "this is not contributing to the discussion, and deserves to be hidden from view", not "I disagree".
Holy Crap.
Give her a break guys.
We are all just trying to learn here.
If you continued reading, that has been pointed out.
I realize thats how its supposed to work, but its very evident thats not what is happening.
You are getting too hung up on one word.
Her belief if you will.
Or assumption.
Whatever you want to call it, it doesnt change why people were/are downvoting.
Its not supposed to be, sure.
But thats exactly what happened.
You can say its not a disagree button but when everyone is spamming it to disagree, that is kinda what it becomes.
Nope, I'm just correcting you.
She certainly didn't assert anything.
It's okay to be corrected :) chill.
You understood quite exactly the meaning of my text.
Technically, she didnt assert only because she wasnt confident about her belief.
However, regardless of this slight difference, my meaning was gathered by everyone including yourself.
Alas, I recede; thanks for the correction.
[deleted]
I think I explained my lived experience as a woman (which many, though of course not all, women share) fairly straightforwardly.
I'm sorry it seems to bristle you, but it's true.
It's not just women doing this to other women.
This is just the reality of our patriarchal society.
The female orgasm was called a myth by western medical science not actually that long ago.
Sex and marriage and childbearing were exerted as forms of control over women to secure property succession, not for our benefit.
All of that has been in our culture's history and that's not easily erased.
Women and men still get different messages about sex.
Yes, women are still often taught, by both male and female role models, that men won't care about them and will use them for sex and that their voices won't be heard.
A man in my own family once bragged to me that he had a poster in his college dorm that said "I came.
I don't care."
This is still in our lexicon.
Your disagreement doesn't change the fact that I, an actual woman, have explained to you very kindly and gently that women and men really do very commonly get different messages about sex which can be very unhealthy on both sides.
That's just the undeniable influence of fucked up historical patriarchy on our culture.
I'm glad you find it repugnant.
I do too.
That's why I'm an active feminist!
I'm glad I read your post.
Apparently, my husband feels the same way.
I'm just going to relax about it now, instead of feeling selfish if he doesn't cum as well.
It never really occurred to me that some men get off on getting a woman off, and don't have to finish every time, despite what all those teen-age boys told me all those years ago when I was young.
Happy Cake Day!
I'm glad that reading my post was able to encourage you to speak with your husband!
I find that regardless of gender, thats just how some people are.
When I am with women though, I strongly prefer to be the "giver", for lack of a better word.
Makes me feel good about myself to be that for someone.
Edit: Teenage boys are quite often the absolute worst.
It wasn't offensive, in itself.
Facts are pretty upsetting to a lot of people online, though.
Thank you for typing this, what you have said is truly my lived and very real experience as well.
This isn't just made up rumors that women drag each other down with-- these expectations absolutely exist and color the ways we view sex.
It's not trying to bash a certain gender, nor is it intended as offense towards men.
It's just the truth.
If men choose to really listen to us and be mindful about the expectations that society burdens us with, I think they will be able to navigate their sex life in a much more understanding and empathetic way.
I have always felt more intimate towards partners who listen and *believe* me when I talk about the ways that I've felt pressured to ignore my own needs in favor of a man's.
I could not agree more.
Thank you.
❤️.
Lmao the irony of you being on -17.

Summary: 
I care more about his pleasure.
I could not agree more.
I dont think she should have to apologize.
I think you're very wrong here.
It's not just women doing this to other women.
Like what do you guys think we are?
I think it sounds like he does care.
I don't understand why the massive downvotes.
But I think sex is different for guys?
&gt; attackative
I like this!
We dont want to hurt you.
But I never complain about not getting off.
I'm glad I read your post.
It does sound like he cares about her.
This *is* the messaging many women get.
We want you to like it too.
Would it be wrong not to tell him when I'm pain?
I think you have this one a bit backwards.
She said "sex is different for men?"
Its not supposed to be, sure.
I find that regardless of gender, thats just how some people are.
As a guy who has had pain during sex, I have not told my partner about some of it.
Women and men still get different messages about sex.
all the downvotes are cruel.
If what you did during sex was hurting him wouldn't *you* want to know?
You would do the same.
She had a question and asked it.
I'm concerned this is ruining sex for him.
This is why we want men to be feminists.
It wasn't offensive, in itself.
Don't even understand why it has so many downvotes.
When she says it hurts he stops.
Edit: I apologize if this comment was offensive.
Here's a downvote showing how I disagree with your assertion."
It's not helpful to downvote an honest question that's on topic.
Both men and women get fucked up messsges about sex.
I imagine your feelings on the matter are similar?
Whether thats what its supposed to be or not, Im telling you what it is.
It just comes off negative.
It seems like the guy definitely doesn't want to hurt her.
You find a way to make it not hurt for you partner.
That's not 100 people saying her question was invalid.
That's why I'm an active feminist!
Makes me feel good about myself to be that for someone.
I feel like I love getting them off as much as they love getting off.
Maybe he thinks he's doing something wrong.
