Original Response: 
For those who use firemax fireluke tanks, how long do your coils last?
I seem to have to replace mind like every week.
I prime them before use and use it at like 60.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.
Thanks!
It's better to measure coil life with amount of juice put through it.
How many Mls and what type of coil?
I use the fireluke mesh 0.15ohm coils, I probably go a bottle of 100ml juice every 2 weeks.
I was just curious if that's the norm or if there was something I could do to prevent them going out so quickly.
At about 7 days it'll start turning my teeth colors if I don't change them although it doesn't taste burnt like other tanks I've used.
I've had this tank about a month now.
I'm assuming you don't have the Mesh Pro tank and just the Mes, so you are using the single mesh 0.15 not-compatible with the Pro.
I honestly don't have much experience with these coils.
Getting 50ml before it starts to degrade is about 10 tanks worth, but I feel like it should be a little bit more unless someone wants to correct me.
I get about 100-120ml through the mesh pro triple coil.
Are you priming your coils correctly?
Sweet liquid will kill them quickly, try something without sweeteners.
My coils for the FL mesh last around 2 weeks, or roughly 240ml at least.
My current coil is a little over a week old, roughly 120ml run through it, and it still looks like new.
If you are using a really sweet juice, it'll shorten the coils life.
&amp;#x200B;
I did some research on my mod and I think it's because of it and not the coil.
One video i watched said it's better for higher watt coils.
I have the vaporesso polar.
I too have the Polar.
Actually using the Mesh Pro on it currently.
It works fine at lower wattages, but without the new Firmware update it has an issue with a locked preheat.
It does fire a bit harder than it should with that preheat.
New firmware I think fixed this (Using Ver 1.04, can find it when you turn off your mod)
So I just checked and mine is using Ver 1.02.
How do I update?
I've had the hardest time educating myself in this vaping world and I've been vaping for almost 2 years.
:(
- Gonna have to go to Vaporesso.com &gt; Support &gt; Downloads &gt; and find the Polar Firmware kit

- Install the Firmware software and run Vaporesso_V2.7 in the Release folder of the newly installed files

- Remove batteries (I know the included tutorial says otherwise, but it doesn't work and tried a lot of different things to get it to work.
Not sure what u/VaporessoOfficial is doing differently in the manual but I literally just upgraded to 1.05 this way), plug in mod to laptop and press the fire button.
Should say it is connected sucessfully now.
- Choose sfupdate and find the file labeled Polar_Ver1.05_20180718.bin in the extracted zip folder from the website in the ROM_SPCBAT18 folder.
- Click update and wait until it finishes before unplugging

There's some conflict to get it to boot from USB when there are batteries in the device.
It seems to only want to charge and the PC will not recognize it.
This is with a known USB Data cable.
Awesome thanks I'll try that tonight when I get home.
I really appreciate your help.
I followed your directions to the key, and it came back with Err11:USB SendData fail-Overtimer.
Have you ever encountered that before?
Just kidding I put the batteries back in and it's updating now lol weird but hopefully the software update will help my issue.
Good :)

Summary: 
I too have the Polar.
I have the vaporesso polar.
I really appreciate your help.
I did some research on my mod and I think it's because of it and not the coil.
I prime them before use and use it at like 60.
Actually using the Mesh Pro on it currently.
