Original Response: 
[deleted]
Proper etiquette would have been them asking you if you were ok with them doing this, but they failed to do that.
"Shut the fuck up, I was asleep" would have been a completely appropriate response on your part.
Yeah but this response also automatically earns you the nickname "Buzz Killington"
&gt;Proper etiquette would have been them asking you if you were ok with them doing this, but they failed to do that.
Good point, from that moment on: anything goes.
"Fuck off you guys, I'm sleeping"

"Want me to join in for a lil' tower bridge?"
They started it..
It's a big hotel... go find another place!
Most creative sex-spots I've ever had were because the bed wasn't available.
Can you give me some pointers?
I'm an anxious person and would hate to be found.
[deleted]
It's not for the anxious, mate ;)

Idunno: walk through the hotel, check random doors if they are unlocked (i took my gf to a laundry room once).
Most hotels are like a big maze, usually there is something.
Toilet stalls are usually quiet that time of night.
Go outside, find a dark spot in a park, that kind of stuff.
Don't be too worried that you're found.. hotel staff have probably seen it all.
You're just having sex, it's not like you're practicing an embarrassing fetish no one's supposed to know about.
Edit: in case of OP: I'd at least have put my sheets\matress on the floor of the showers, and done it there.
&gt;You're just having sex, it's not like you're practicing an embarrassing fetish no one's supposed to know about.
You just doomed some poor hotel workers to a live viewing of furry BDSM shit-eating in their lobby.
Hope youre proud.
Toilets are surprising ergonomic if you're trashy enough.
"Shut the fuck up or shut up while you fuck" Come on man, get it right!
*you're.
Thank you.
I worked at a hotel for years.
Please don't do this.
You would be putting the staff in a very uncomfortable position &amp; it would most likely end up in you being removed from the property.
We are in the business of selling rooms, not hosting wild closet sex.
Fair enough, sheets on the room's bathroomfloor then.
"offer to join in"

hahahaha.
that's the best response - if they're rude enough to not care about you being right there, then send that right back at em.
"hey uhhhh you guys want a third or likeeeeee what should i be doing here my dude"
Whip your dick out and don't break eye contact no.
Matter.
What.
don't break eye contact with the man, specifically.
Yes you must not break eye contact with him to assert your dominance.
Either that or just piss all over his bed so he knows who's boss.
100% of the time, works every time.
It’s not gay if it’s in a three way.
This made my spit spray coffee all over my computer screen from laughing so hard.
Thanks all for the serious chuckle!
Or just be a dude and let it go down.
Jesus Christ it’s like nobody (men obviously) in this thread have ever had true close male relationships.
Idc if I know the guy that well or not.
You bring a girl back and I didn’t?
Fuck yeah bro do your thing just keep it inside a respectful tight 15-20 and we’re good to go.
why is everyone here so weird and getting offended with this stuff?
just bro up and take one for the team.
it’s not like it’s the end of the world.
They say in a three way, there’s some leeway.
It's only gay if the balls touch.
This.
They could have easily just gone in the bathroom.
I don't remember ordering this movie, but they are going to charge me anyway, oh well  *fap fap fap*
Dont take your eyes off that dick!
&gt; Fuck yeah bro do your thing just keep it inside a respectful tight 15-20 

Why don't you take a seat over here..
So basically.. "Just be a dude and experience a sexual act you did not consent to."
Would you say a female should "just be a chick and let it go down" ?
Take a shit in the ice bucket while crossing your eyes and maintaining eye contact with both of them.
What does pissing on his bed have to do with Tony Danza?
ladies and gentlemen we have a winner.
That means that docking in a three way ain’t gay.
"Hey is that a 3 player game?"
Say nothing.
Instead, bring your chin down to protect your neck while continuing to stare into his eyes.
Bring up your hands and say "I don't want no trouble, ya hear?".
Flex your traps and core while slightly bending your knees.
Here comes the important part.
In a low voice begin to say "wolowolowolowolowolo" slowly increasing in volume, he should be surprised by now.
Begin to sway side to side and loosen all facial muscles and your anal sphincter and your kegal muscle.
By now you should be pretty loud and your opponent will have stepped back and will appear visibly shaken.
Begin to piss and shit yourself and let your eyes roll into the back of your head.
By now you are chanting "WOLOWOLOWOLOWOLO" at the top of your lungs.
He will run away.
Everyone within a one mile radius will feel a terrifying presence within their soul.
Marvel as you ascend into your planar form.
The ole Devils 3 way.
i think you’re misreading the op.
But if it's three dudes.
This guy fucks.
Found the aristocrat.
yes.
Just stand in front of them and make eye contact with the woman.
I know right, that long ?
If my bro brought a girl back when I'm trying to sleep I'd beat the shit out of him for the disrespect.
That shit ain't cool and uncomfortable and should never impose like that on someone what is wrong with you?
I’m a chick and I’d definitely say “just be a chick and let it go down” but I’m getting that feature film for Free... front row.
Or doing missionary with another man as his nutsack bounces on the base of your penis, which serves a secondary purpose as a wall of separation between each of your scrotums.
A female must be present tho, or else miss me with that gay shit.
Not gay.
The rules are very clear on this.
In a threeway=not gay.
Gotta use that big dick energy ya know?
You’re an idiot and I feel bad for your male friendships.
What are you talking about?
Someone having sex in a bed 5-10 feet away is “experiencing a sexual act you did not consent to?”.
And it depends, is it a man having sex and a female coworker in the other bed?
If so then no that’s not cool.
Male relationships with each other are different than male-female or female-female.
No I don’t think it’d be cool to spring that on a female coworker but that’s just me.
&gt; "offer to join in"

I *totally* thought this post was going to be about that.
Yeah, I mean it's not like the event was so weird that he still thinks about it to the point of posting it on reddit three years later.
He said he doesn’t even know why he was thinking about it.
You don’t have random memories resurface?
It’s obvious from the OPs wording and voice that it’s not something that tortures him.
Get over yourself.
Sex isn’t as big of a deal as you’re making it.
It doesnt torture him, but it also doesn't leave him.
And nothing is obvious from his 20 seconds of expository writing.
Only assumptions can be made.
Sex isn't that big of a deal.
If your need to cum outweighs respecting the people you call friends you need to get over yourself.
You have to be a female.
You’re clearly not getting it.
No.
I'm just not a shitty person who doesn't take 12 seconds to let my buddy know I'd like to have sex.
If he wants to stay, fine.
Ive had sex next to a buddy.
I haven't had unannounced sex next to a buddy who was trying to sleep in the hotel room he spent money on.
You must be a child.
You're clearly not getting it.
[removed]
My buddies and I communicate.
They'd be aware of the possibility when I went out.
They'd be aware to answer the phone or text back(because it's not a surprise you're going to the hotel, an adult will use his phone) and worst case I spend 150 bucks on a hotel room because I'm not a child.
People who've had healthy and fulfilling sex lives certainly don't act like you suggest.
You should work toward that.
Or be celibate.
But, you should not subject a woman to having to babysit you.
My make friends aren't there to hear me have sex.
And they're adults, so it's not exciting for them either.
They'd just assume be asleep, and I see no reason to disallow that.
You're a selfish friend, bub.
Not sure why you have any close friendships.
Maybe they're children too.
What are you talking about?
“You should not subject a woman to having to babysit you?” Who are you having a conversation with?
Because it’s certainly not me.
Yes genius, normally I’d shoot my buddy a text or any of the things you just said.
However, in the context of this situation the OP was asking about a coworker who rolled into the hotel room so let’s stick to that topic.
I know it’s probably a great ego boost for you to create a bunch of straw men that I wasn’t arguing against and then “win” those arguments with a moral high ground but then again, coming from someone like you I guess it should be expected.
I’m over this conversation, my point has been made.
I wish you the best pal.
So, you're arguing that its appropriate to do that to a coworker now?
You're a fucking idiot.
He said he was at a convention and it was a friend.
I assumed coworker but I could be wrong.
The salient point is he called the guy a friend.
Get your head out of your ass.
No, the salient point is don't be a fucking selfish child and force other people to be your personal voyuer.
And you even have had this argument thinking it was a coworker/friend, which is nothing like a close male friend.
Go see a therapist, man.
You need to get your shit together.
Again, said the guy without any close male friends or experience with sex.
I always find it funny when people who haven’t lived through things have such staunch opinions on the same subjects.
This is why I reddit.
Make sure you give commentary like at a sports game.
In one night?
!
I'm dying.
Lol.
You literally started this conversation by calling me self absorbed for advocating against being selfish.
Then, you said I must  be a girl for not wanting to commit illegal sex act by forcing my coworker to watch me have sex.
And your third argument was that people who have happy sex lives always fuck in front of their sleeping friends.
Those were strawman.
My only argument  was that you should be respectful of the people around you rather than going through life only concerned with how wet your dick is.
Illegal sex act.
lmfao

I stopped reading your comment right there.
Adios pal good luck in the real world.
Also it’s ironic you just created more straw men while supposedly calling mine out.
That is illegal in every state in America....
I can't tell if you're trolling or honestly this clueless, but you have no business on a sub like this.
Female Howard Cosell here (a little prettier though, I hope)

Summary: 
This is why I reddit.
You have to be a female.
I worked at a hotel for years.
I know right, that long ?
You're clearly not getting it.
My buddies and I communicate.
Dont take your eyes off that dick!
Idc if I know the guy that well or not.
I wish you the best pal.
You must be a child.
You're a selfish friend, bub.
Ive had sex next to a buddy.
Or just be a dude and let it go down.
You bring a girl back and I didn’t?
Would you say a female should "just be a chick and let it go down" ?
Sex isn't that big of a deal.
You’re clearly not getting it.
I assumed coworker but I could be wrong.
You need to get your shit together.
And it depends, is it a man having sex and a female coworker in the other bed?
it’s not like it’s the end of the world.
It’s not gay if it’s in a three way.
don't break eye contact with the man, specifically.
They'd be aware of the possibility when I went out.
My make friends aren't there to hear me have sex.
You should work toward that.
