Original Response: 
Honestly, this is crap but “more money for education”.
He’ll get a poll boost from it.
I really wish that the public school system was treated as well as religious schools.
If only public schools got the same funding per student from the government as non-public schools right?
Yes.
My kids school received less per student from the government than my in laws kids religious school.
Plus they collect fees from the parents.
That a lot of money spent on propping up religiosity.
Is that what our government is for?
I see what you did there.
1.
State Government funding isn't the same as Federal Government funding.
2.
Publicly funded schools are supposed to be publicly funded.
Public schools get more state funding.
&gt; Is that what our government is for?
That's what *this* government is for, which should come as so surprise.
&gt;State Government funding isn't the same as Federal Government funding.
Sure it is, a dollar is a dollar.
When you add funding from state governments to funding from the federal government, public schools get more per student.
In other words, non-public schools subsidise public schools.
Are you talking about federal government funding only or all government funding?
Correct.
More importantly they get more funding per student when you combine state and federal funding, which is the dollar figure which really matters.
What really matters is that all children, rich and poor, sit down at school together, get a great education, and more on together to create a strong, capable and cohesive society.
Don’t know who downvoted you, this is a totally reasonable question.
That's some doublespeak lol.
Public system subsidises the private system if what you said was true then there would be no need for the public to assist private schools right?
Increasing understanding and acceptance between people of different means?
Fuck off Marxist!
/s.
So in this hypothetical are parents banned from hiring tutors for their kids?
Tutors wouldn't change who students are sitting down with day to day, and wouldn't cost the government a cent.
Unlike private schools.
&gt; Sure it is, a dollar is a dollar.
By this logic private funds are the same as public funds.
Good job!
&gt; In other words, non-public schools subsidise public schools.
I certainly hope you didn't get an expensive education.
They do...
But public schools cost the government more money.
Are you even paying attention?
At some places they do.
At Sydney Grammar they don't.
97% of kids in the top SCEA.
0% bottom SCEA.
Prime Ministers who go to school there have 0 school friends who were poor and disadvantaged.
Is it?
Lol.
If only the public schools got as much per student.
No.
At the moment tutoring is frequently used by parents to get their kids into privileged schools.
As a result these schools are often more socially unrepresentative of Australia than private schools.
Selective schools should decline as a priority and broader choices make sense to me.
Kids who are falling behind and need some one - on - one care should get it, even if they are poor.
Is this tutoring so they can get into uni courses with a a high ATAR?
I would prefer that ATARs be set at the level necessary for success in courses, and if there are too many applicants just have a lottery to determine who gets in.
&gt;I certainly hope you didn't get an expensive education.
You're pretty quick to jump to the conclusion that it's me who is wrong rather than you not understanding my point.
The government subsidises the private system, no question about that.
However since the government (all levels combined) spends less per private student than public student, the existence of private schools means more of the public education budget can go to each public student - the fees paid by parents using private schools make up the shortfall and essentially subsidise public schools.
I'm using some controversial language there to make a point, although around here it seems to do nothing other than attract downvotes.
Yes it’s totally reasonable because education funding is divided between the states and federal government.
Private schools receive their funding from the federal government while public schools receive it from the states (which is money that largely came from the feds in the first place).
When you’re talking about government funding for schools you need to look at the total figure.
Can you name that school?
I’ve spent hours going through myschool and I’ve never found a private school that received more funding per student in the same area.
Nope.
Not interested in potential Doxing thanks.
Go to the website and look up the numbers yourself then.
myschool.edu.au  
The financials are the 4th tab down in the school profile menu.
Makes sense, teaching kids that excellence has no reward is a good idea.
Why do you need to look at the total figure?
Education is the responsibility of the state's, why is the federal government propping up private institutions?
A small government person such as yourself should be against such flagrant over reach.
I’m not a “small government person”, but thank you for trying to label me.
You need to look at the total figure because that is the funding that each student receives.
A dollar is a dollar, no matter where it comes from.
If you’re only listing one funding figure you’re being deliberately misleading because it’s fits your agenda.
A zero sum game arms race to destroy childhood serves nobody.
Beating other children at a narrow, high pressure exam is a form of excellence.
I would prefer children to get time to play, time with friends, regular healthy physical activity, time in nature, explore their imaginations, contribute to their families and communities, and many other worthwhile things.
They can still have academic excellence.
And still need to be capable of understand the university course.
But they can have a life.
I don't see how?
Why is the federal government giving any money to schools?
It is a state issue.
And sorry for my mistake, I thought that previously I had had discussions with you that lead me to believe that.
Because the federal government is totally involved in educational funding.
State governments runs schools but they do not exclusively fund them.
This is evident by the huge levels of debate surrounding the Gonski federal funding reforms.
How about you use precise language when talking about controversial issues because your words were literally the opposite of true.
It would make it clearer whether people were downvoting you for your shitty language or your shitty points.
Public schools take on the vast majority of special needs children and disadvantaged children even when the proportion of students is accounted for.
&gt;your words were literally the opposite of true

No they weren't - the fees paid by parents using private schools make up the shortfall of funding from the government and essentially subsidise public schools.
Saying you think my point is shit doesn't make it wrong.
&gt;Public schools take on the vast majority of special needs children and disadvantaged children even when the proportion of students is accounted for.
Good thing they have extra funding available thanks to non-public schools then.
What's the point of trying to discuss the nuances of public vs non-public school funding when the discussion is still dominated by stupid questions like 'why does the government fund non-public schools at all'?
Whether you agree with it or not there are clearly good reasons which can't be ignored in an honest discussion.
&gt;They can still have academic excellence.
Why bother?
Just to clarify, I think your point was shit and I think your point was wrong.
Not one or the other, both shit and wrong.
You don't just get to redefine what words mean to make your rhetorical point.
Private education is subsidised by Public education, you said that the opposite is true and then got mad when we didn't just accept your semantic bullshit?
Yeah fucking thank you so much private schools for taking all the best students and generously allowing underfunded public schools to deal with all the hard cases, whatever could we have done without them?
Is that seriously how you think?
Do you enjoy doing things well?
Thank you for your clarification.
My point is not rhetorical, it is very much real and concrete.
If you want to get pedantic, private education is not subsidised by public education or vice versa.
The government has a budget for schools, some goes to public schools and some goes to private schools.
The government subsidises both.
&gt;Yeah fucking thank you so much private schools for taking all the best students and generously allowing underfunded public schools to deal with all the hard cases, whatever could we have done without them?
Is that seriously how you think?
See the problem is that every time the topic of school funding comes up, people suggest that the obvious and fair thing is to stop all government funding to private schools and give it straight to public schools.
They don't understand that the vast majority are not the super rich 0.1% which they love to use as examples, that nearly all non-public schools would close, and that that would *reduce* the public school per-student budget, not increase it.
It's a pretty simple point right?
And yet people have their heads shoved too far up their ideological arses to realise that or admit it.
Specifically on your point, having been to a low fee catholic school which accepted students expelled from the local public school, I disagree.
I'm sure you're right for selective schools.
If public schools cost the government more than $0 than they *should* cost the government more than private schools.
Private schools should cost the government $0.
Do the maths.
I enjoy doing things I *like* well.
If there is no extrinsic reward for academic excellence, it will not be a thing in the future.
&gt; If there is no extrinsic reward for academic excellence, it will not be a thing in the future.
I will not mourn if kids are doing less study, while still learning enough to move to be successful at Uni.
There is obvious value in people achieving the academic level needed to benefit from university courses.
People investing significantly more effort in their ATAR beyond that has some costs and some benefits.
One of my kids practiced, did extra classes, and did the Maths Olympiad because she wanted to.
I did not push her in any way before she volunteered to do it.
She anticipated no extrinsic reward.
That doesn't make any sense and it's stupid to keep repeating it.
ALL students in Australia deserve funding from the Australian government.
To say otherwise is ignorant and naive.
If private schools received no funding, they would close and all the kids would go to public schools which don't yet  exist.
To build these schools  would cost more money than simply finding the existing schools.
That means less money for the existing public school students.
Do the maths.
If a private school can't make enough money to stay open without government money, it mustn't have much of a business model.
Maybe we should nationalise them.
Which would still cost the government more money than the client system does.

Summary: 
Is that what our government is for?
Public schools get more state funding.
Private schools should cost the government $0.
&gt; Is that what our government is for?
Can you name that school?
But public schools cost the government more money.
State governments runs schools but they do not exclusively fund them.
Why is the federal government giving any money to schools?
I see what you did there.
In other words, non-public schools subsidise public schools.
By this logic private funds are the same as public funds.
If only the public schools got as much per student.
State Government funding isn't the same as Federal Government funding.
The government subsidises the private system, no question about that.
Are you talking about federal government funding only or all government funding?
If public schools cost the government more than $0 than they *should* cost the government more than private schools.
That's what *this* government is for, which should come as so surprise.
&gt; In other words, non-public schools subsidise public schools.
&gt;State Government funding isn't the same as Federal Government funding.
Because the federal government is totally involved in educational funding.
Publicly funded schools are supposed to be publicly funded.
