Original Response: 
I am very insecure of my butt, it is small and  which sucks as everything else on my body is really nice.
I am happy with my small breasts but I want my ass to be nice.
Whenever my ass is slapped or given attention to, I get insanely insecure and sad.
I have had people comment on how flat my ass is.
This sucks as I like sexy underwear and being spanked but my insecurities defeat it.
I am petite and small in general but I also dislike the shape of it as well, I have started a workout program so hopefully I will see improvements with my butt.
Are small butts a major turn off???
?
If you seriously believe your butt is too small you can change it by going to the gym 3-4 times a week.
A couple months if you work it properly you will see significant changes.
This and eating good!
Meats and fat will build ya up real good !
thats what I am doing and I hope to god changes happen soon haha.
Careful with the squats as they'll form muscle over your entire lower body and can grow your thighs more than your butt.
Bridges and weighted hip thrusts give more butt focus and won't make your thighs explode in size as much.
Keep squats in your routine as they are a wonderful exercise, but don't believe the hype that they build the booty.
thanks :) and yeah I don't want to build up my thighs.
Squats lots and lots of squats is the best way to a round ass.
I prefer a small ass to these fat ass things they are pushing now.
It's going to take more than a couple months, probably at least 6.
Guys like nice muscular legs too.
Anyone telling you to be careful with squats doesn't know what they are talking about.
Squats are a fundamental lift and strong legs can help prevent knee injuries and they look good.
Your things don't explode in size from doing squats.
I naturally have muscle in my legs even when I don’t workout at all so I don’t want to be too bulky.
We all naturally have muscles in our legs :).
You won't be too bulky.
If you are worried about that, mind your diet and reduce your body fat levels.
I've fucked multiple female bodybuilders/fitness competitors and they ALL looked feminine and super sexy.
They had nice shapely legs and I'm sure they did squats.
That’s cool :) I don’t really pay much attention to my diet haha but I am still worried of looking masculine.
Common misconception of women lifting weights.
I would note diet is super important for looking good and building muscle.
You won't look masculine just by doing a light training program.
You simply won't be working out hard enough to even come close to a fitness competitor or bodybuilder level and that assumes you are working out hard enough that your periods stop and you are puking every day.
At least one of the ladies I know is running steroids and she has nice shapely proportions.
Most guys would find these women quite feminine and fuckable.
https://youtu.be/J-O9tIkhbP4.
Squats below parallel work glutes.
Half squats won't do shit.
Yea I’m very well aware of how it works.
Never said squat about a half squat.
( like that lol)
You also have to know that you are a woman, and you do not produce very much testosterone.
If you were to go to the gym often and do squats your legs will not become huge, they would get more defined and have a little more musculature, but they wouldn't get big and bulky like a guy does.
Your body physically doesn't handle that.
Also, remember that it does not matter what guys want or what other people want.
All that matters is what you want.
If you are not happy with your butt because you are not happy, then do something about it.
But if other people are in your life and they are telling you it is flat or that they don't like it?
They can punch salt.
They're not a good friend if they're talking to you that way.
My wife had always had a really flat butt.
She has been going to the gym for the past 8 months and I can definitely tell a difference, even after just 3-4 month.
Nah....it's probably in your mind that it's to flat.
The grand majority of males would say it's perfect.
However, if that's what you want to do then go for it and make yourself happy.
Send pictures!
:)
[deleted]

Summary: 
I have had people comment on how flat my ass is.
You won't be too bulky.
Half squats won't do shit.
Squats below parallel work glutes.
I am happy with my small breasts but I want my ass to be nice.
All that matters is what you want.
Guys like nice muscular legs too.
thanks :) and yeah I don't want to build up my thighs.
We all naturally have muscles in our legs :).
