Original Response: 
[removed]
I don’t think he’s masturbating to them, he’s probably cross dressing and your clothes just happen to be the easiest to get a hold of.
Tell him not to do it again and he probably won’t out of embarrassment.
I wouldn’t tell your parents, cross dressers generally have a really hard time dealing with it and making it a big traumatic experience won’t help.
I can't believe I had to scroll to the bottom to fine this comment.
It's way more likely that the brother is cross dressing or in the closet about being trans than masturbating to his sister's panties.
I don't know why Reddit always jumps to incest.
OP, listen to this poster and be very firm with your brother that he should not be touching your clothes.
Hopefully the threat of you telling your parents will be enough to keep him from doing it (without actually telling your parents).
I Agree with you mostly but discovering yourself doesn't give you the right to disrespect people, their privacy and their things.
Idk, if that was the case why would they be under his pillow?
There's no reason you can say one is more likely than the other.
It's entirely plausible and not unlikely that the dude is fapping to his sister.
There's a reason why incest porn is so widespread.
(Of course, it doesn't even matter, because either way the brother shouldn't be touching her clothes.)
Wij would he keep it under his pillow?
Also crossdressing is rare, teenage boys being perverts is not.
So to say he's probably crossdressing is false.
The most likely thing is that he's a exited teenage boy.
And the only girl he has acces to is his sister.
[removed]
&gt;I don’t think he’s masturbating to them

he is.
Because he probably dresses in bed.
That’s a common thing.
Cross dressing isn’t nearly as rare as you think it is.
Idk why people think real incest is so common.
The fantasy is, but acting on it isn’t.
Being a cross dresser or being trans are way more likely than invest.
Cross dressing or being trans is way more common than incest.
Totally disagree here mate.
It’s really sick and disturbing that the firs thing you think of is incest.
Don’t really wanna know why your mind would wander to such a dark place.
How do you know?
You think most people act on their incestuous fantasies?
Incest porn is so widespread because it's the easiest taboo that they can exploit.
People who masturbate to those porn or even OP's brother (in most cases) wouldn't actually do it with their siblings, they just like the fantasy of it.
What makes you KNOW this is more likely?
Absolutely nothing, that's what.
[removed]

Summary: 
Cross dressing or being trans is way more common than incest.
What makes you KNOW this is more likely?
&gt;I don’t think he’s masturbating to them

he is.
Idk why people think real incest is so common.
Cross dressing isn’t nearly as rare as you think it is.
