Original Response: 
[deleted]
Have you tried taking an interest in their stories and asking them to fill out the details they leave out?
I guess what I'm asking is, do you check out when they tell stories?
Just a thought.
One thing you could try is since the family only wants to reminisce is try just having a small group interaction with your bf, his brother and brother's gf.
Get a little apart from the rest of the family and talk about your own stuff, then if the dad or anyone wants to be included they have to ask about what you are talking about and if they "check out" just go back to your small group convo after a minute or two.
Of course, the others have to be willing to do this with you.
Alternatively, you could also try this with any family member when they are more isolated.
Strike up a conversation with them when they are in the kitchen, or otherwise not participating in family talks.
Ask them about themselves or talk about a shared interest like normal.
Then, even if they eventually join the family in reminiscing you've at least gotten somewhere, and they might be more open to talk with you or bring you up in convo since you were just talking.
Or, maybe ask to play a game as a family.
Games are great because everyone feels included.
It can be anything, cards, a board game, pool etc.
Just something to get their attention on something other than talks that exclude you.
Yea I've tried but they aren't even really talking so much to me.
They will be bringing up the story to my BF and his bro.
Not me, it's not relevant to me or interesting for me to know.
They must know that too.
Even if it's not a story, it will be something only my BF would be interested in.
Like some artist they only like.
"(My BF), did you hear so and so is doing xyz" - an artist my Bf only knows bc his dad likes him.
"(My Bf) have you seen this feature on this phone (that I don't have), how do I get it to do xyz".
I just feel excluded at every turn, they talk to him nonstop but it's with things I really can't engage in.
I try here and there but it's a dead end eventually.
Those seem like normal conversations.
My friends talk about artists, tech features, books, etc that I haven't read/seen/listened to.
This is very different than just talking about people they know.
If your boyfriend and his dad have the same phone and his dad needs help with a feature, they should be able to talk about it.
Cultural references are different from family experiences.
If it's an artist you've never heard of, have you tried "I don't know that artist, can you show me some of their best songs/paintings/art pieces?"
Then try the other things I suggested and see how it goes.
Does he visit his family often?
If not, then you should probably just tolerate it knowing you won't see them for awhile.
If he expects frequent visits then...that's a problem.
How is he with your family?
Does your family accept him and include him?
if they do, it's much easier to hold that up as an example and say "remember how my [family member] made you feel welcome by doing such and such?
Didn't that make you feel like you were included and heard?
Your family should be able to do the same for me, shouldn't they?
Think you could be more assertive with how your time is spent.
I know that's normal but not when it's the 10th time in the day it's happened and each time it's like a 20min convo that actively excludes me.
I've tried asking about the people and artists but at a certain point it's too much.
I can't ask about each person and some I simply don't like.
They know my interests too, but they talk a lot about things I have no interest in.
I don't do that to them, I quickly notice if his mom can't contribute much to a convo and I adjust accordingly, I don't just plow on through without her.
But that's what they do with me, for hours and hours.
How?
Oh yea he's in every convo.
They only talk about things that include him lol.
We don't visit often but we talk all of the time via FaceTime.
So it feels like we do communicate a lot.
I just brought this up with him today again so we will see how it goes.
Do you have to be part of FaceTime?
If they only want to talk to him, I'd say let him have their FaceTime and limit yourself to in person visits.
I want to add that you shouldn't expect everything to be fixed in one weekend.
Sometimes family weekends just suck, it takes time for people to adjust.
Just do your best to get along and give your bf a chance to make things better.
Don't get too frustrated if there's no immediate change.
Be patient and in the mean time keep trying to get a small group chat going or a one on one convo (not just with bf try other people) or try to get a game going.
These are good ideas, thank you!
I've started excluding myself from the facetimes.
My BF doesn't like that much though, his end goal is for us all to just get along super well.
I'd love to, but...well, they don't want to chat with me lol.
I get that it takes time.
It's just frustrating as all get out.
Especially since I'm in the situation now.
Ugh!
Stay present.
Incorporate stuff you like doing into time spent with these folk.
Plan activities.
Do touristy shit in their town.
Give them memories of you worth talking about.
When you're bored or shut out, just try saying so.
*I don't know any of these people so please explain more or lets talk about something else?
* Talk about yourself, and your family, and everybody.
Ask questions if you can be interested.
It's not cool how they're treating you.
Time is pretty limited so if Family is important then you gotta get balanced here.
Good Luck.

Summary: 
* Talk about yourself, and your family, and everybody.
How is he with your family?
I get that it takes time.
Like some artist they only like.
Ask questions if you can be interested.
Ask them about themselves or talk about a shared interest like normal.
They only talk about things that include him lol.
It's just frustrating as all get out.
This is very different than just talking about people they know.
I try here and there but it's a dead end eventually.
Does he visit his family often?
They must know that too.
