Original Response: 
I really don’t get why Al is being considered for these high ranked opponents like Gaethje and Lee.
Coming off a loss to Khabib in what was already a big opportunity for him, and hasn’t beaten a ranked opponent outside of Lee and that was Lee’s UFC debut.
He should be fighting down the rankings, someone like Hernandez or Makhachev.
Iaquinta/Felder is still the fight to make IMO.
I love Al, he's great, but giving him Lee is bizarre.
If Lee loses, he's out of contention, and if he wins, it doesn't mean a ton.
I think Lee should be fighting down, because he missed weight last time, but it should be Gaethje IMO.
After the TUF finale, he went on a run winning 8 of 9 fights.
He's still a top 10 guy.
The number of wins you have is not the only thing that matters, the people you beat also matter.
The most relevant people Al has beaten are Masvidal (if you call winning a horrible decision beating someone) and Lee.
And while I don’t want to take away too much from the win over Lee, the fact that it happened 4 years ago and was Lee’s UFC debut is very relevant.
Al has maybe done enough to warrant still being top 10, but his position should be under threat.
He lost his last fight, and for the rankings to move smoothly in a stacked division like Lightweight, people who lose need to fight down the rankings, not up.
Gaethje after losing to Alvarez fought down against Poirier.
He lost to Poirier and so fought down again against Vick.
He beat Vick and now is back on track and has the right to start looking up again.
Barboza is doing the same thing: lost to Khabib, fight Lee, lost to Lee, now fighting Hooker.
Al went two years without fighting, beat the corpse of Diego Sanchez, stumbled into a fight with Khabib when he was supposed to be fighting Felder (which fair enough wasn’t his fault), and yet now is somehow being booked against Lee who is top 5.
It doesn’t make any sense.
They were also seemingly trying to book him against Gaethje which doesn’t make sense either.
The guy is somehow falling upwards, which is the main cause of rankings not working as they should.
I love that people shit on Al constantly but praise Nate as one of the best lightweights in the world when he has more recent losses, is far more inactive, and complains and refuses to take even more fights than Al.
ranks don't matter as much as we think sometimes.
I think Al is being given the eye test.
Al lost to Khabib, Kevin lost Tony before his win over Barboza.
Before their loses they were both on 5 fight win streaks.
If you look at their records they are way more close to each other than people want to admit for whatever reason.
Al only has 1 more loss than Kevin.
Also, your point about who they’ve beat can be applied just the same to Lee.
Putting aside the rankings, the reason he’s fighting Lee is likely because they need someone for Lee while the division sorts itself out with Conor and Khabib, and they’re banking on the Al beat Lee before “storyline” to sell the fight.
It sort of makes sense given where everybody else is at the moment.
I mean the division is stacked as hell, I’m not unhappy with any of the fights that unfold.
Also, I get the feeling that the matchmakers in the UFC see it more as a puzzle, and they’re trying to fit the pieces together rather than always go by who deserves who.
Dana's friend.
That's it.
The thing is, Al has had one of the best fights against Khabib we've seen in awhile.
Plus, a few of his wins have aged pretty well.
He is also game enough to strike with pretty much anyone.
Al has the skill set to be a top contender if he was more active and I think most people see that.
Ideally, it would be much better for him to fight someone floating around the top 10 and not Lee, but Lee needs a fight to stay relevant in the division and avenging his lose to Al is a great way to do that.
Having Al fight Lee makes perfect sense.
They get to capitalize off of Iaquintas recent acquisition of name value, basically people know who he is if you bring up his name, and it has a pre-written storyline for Kevin to work off of with his trash talk.
The UFC is trying to build new stars (which hasn't happened since it was bought) and Kevin is a solid contender for that new star position.
From a business standpoint, this fight is one of the best (realistic fights) in the division right now for building Kevins star.
Yeah they're quite similar, except Nate finished the guy who he stepped in on short notice against instead of getting toyed with for 5 rounds.
I agree but I think this is an easy fight to sell because it is a rematch which Kevin lost and both fighters have name value.
The part I find odd is hosting this fight in Milwaukee.
Al can feasible draw an audience in the Tri-state area.. but Milwaukee..?
I am assuming it is the main event which may not be right..
Frankly, the division is tied up with Conor/Khabib and the next contender is likely the winner of Poirier/Diaz so these fights are going to have to happen in the meantime.
Yeah that was incredibly surprising to me.
Also I feel like the gameplan to beat Nate is pretty much out there if you're willing to actually follow it, especially since he refuses to change the way he fights at all.
And as we saw once McGregor got a few months to prepare that was a much different fight.
So Nate might have an advantage in short notice fights since his opponent hasn't prepared to beat him.
He's never really been a top 10 guy.
Was he ranked in the top 10 before the BS decision over Masvidal?
Aside from that, his best wins are Pearson and Lauzon.
I don't get why it's such a disappointing gap, it's 5 v 9.
While I agree after a loss you should fight down next, it's not like 5 and 9 is exactly a ridiculous match up.
Lee got to fight up after a loss too, and his opportunity at a title as well.
He lost an interim title fight and got Barboza who was higher than him.
It's almost as if the UFC was giving him a shot to stay at the top after a tough fight (being sick, decent short notice), and almost like they are giving Al a shot to move up after a tough loss (short notice against Khabib).

Summary: 
Al only has 1 more loss than Kevin.
Having Al fight Lee makes perfect sense.
He's still a top 10 guy.
Iaquinta/Felder is still the fight to make IMO.
He should be fighting down the rankings, someone like Hernandez or Makhachev.
Before their loses they were both on 5 fight win streaks.
I love Al, he's great, but giving him Lee is bizarre.
Lee got to fight up after a loss too, and his opportunity at a title as well.
I think Al is being given the eye test.
