Original Response: 
I (28f) am dating a 29m.
To preface, I have had some pretty abusive relationships, both physically and emotionally in the past.
This is caused my self-esteem to not be that great.
Anyway, I've been dating my boyfriend for about 3 years.
We have had major ups and downs due to my self esteem issues, especially with my breasts.
They aren't super small, but they aren't giant and they are definitely not perky.
They are what I would classify as tuberous.
He has said a ridiculous amount of times that he loves them, but there was one moment a few months ago where he did say he wished they were bigger and rounder.
Anyway, I have jokingly brought up him watching porn.
He says he doesn't need to anymore or that he's not tempted, etc.
He has said this multiple times.
I know I shouldn't have, and I know it's a bad sign, but he left his phone on the coffee table tonight.
Old habits die hard.
I went into his Google search history and it turns out, he has been watching porn videos every single day for the past couple of months.
Not just one or two videos, at least five or six at a minimum.
His porm searches and / or choices of videos also center on what I don't have - "ie massive tits, huge tits, ebony (I'm white), etc".
It makes it even worse that we just moved in together 2 months ago.
It took so much for me to move in with him, because of my past.
I was absolutely terrified of being hurt and moving in with someone does not make that any less likely.
Anyway, I brought it up to him tonight and he completely brushed off like it was nothing, saying when did I ever say I didn't watch porn?
I was definitely upset, visibly so and crying hard.
He also searched for a local strip club within the past month.
I asked him about that and of course he has no recollection of it.
It's less the fact the porn he's watching (honestly, I've given up on trying to find a guy that is not obsessed with porn these days), and more about him lying to me and continuing to try to justify it all even after I bring it up.
How do I move forward with this?
I guess the fact that he lied to me just rubs me the wrong way, big time.
But I feel like maybe I'm being over-dramatic because of my past.
Any gentle input would be appreciated!
I'm wondering if you're upset because of your insecurities or if you're upset he lied?
Would you have been fine if he was honest and told you what he watches?
Is it the frequency that upsets you?
It's genuinely the fact that he lied about it multiple times and then pretends like those words never came out of his mouth, which they definitely did.
That is what bothers me.
If he will lie about something like that, what else is he going to lie about?
I guess you need to be honest.
Ask him why he isn't honest about it and that you can't continue if he can't be honest.
It's ok for you to break up over this.
It's not something you should brush off if he can't be honest.
I did try talking to him and asking him questions in a completely conversational (but obviously slightly angry) and he just wouldn't answer anything.
He just kept responding with "okay".
I don't know whether it was more of the caught in the moment type of thing for him and he had no clue what to say or...
Ask him again in a non confrontational way.
Tell him it's ok if he watches porn but you just want him to be honest and you won't get mad.
The problem is we've already had this conversation and he was still not truthful about it.
It's up to you.
It's ok to break it off if you think the relationship is going nowhere.
It's not something people are used to admitting, so yes, the first instinct is to handwave and downplay it.
It's like asking someone if they farted.
First thing they usually say is "Uh, n-no... Not me!".
It's not a relationship busting lie imho if they are just caught in the embarrassment of the moment.
Spending a bunch of money at a strip club and hiding it might be.
But that's my opinion.
Porn viewing is typically regarded as something to be ashamed of and not brought up.
Ovbiously that's not healthy.
Hope you both can be more comfortable talking about it.
As far as breast size, as long as he is loving and supportive of your body, it's ok to enjoy the idea of other breasts.
Same as you sould be allowed  to appreciate a body builder or whatever.
Relationships consisting of "turn off all your sexual thoughts except for exclusively to each other" aren't realistic.
That just promotes hiding things, and long term, that's damaging.
Being jealous of normal idle appreciation of an actor, actress, model, or whatever is toxic.
You both should be comfortable enough to say "Wow he/she is hot!"
and still be comfortable, faithful, and monogamous.
Some couples watch it together, it can be a good source for creativity if you find some you both like.
Whos downvoting these?
This is serious.
Seriously, I wasn't being rude.
People sometimes, sigh.
Many guys are often afraid to talk about porn.
We're afraid of being dumped.
Porn is "Bad" and "all women hate it" and "she's going to be so angry with me and she'll hate me and dump me, etc etc etc".
It's fucked up... our SO is the one person we should NOT be afraid to admit our sex lives to, ya know?
He's afraid.
You're going to have to help with that.
Or wait for him to get over it on his own...... Ha!
Seriously, you'll have to help him a little bit.

Summary: 
I guess you need to be honest.
It's ok for you to break up over this.
I asked him about that and of course he has no recollection of it.
How do I move forward with this?
Anyway, I have jokingly brought up him watching porn.
It's not something you should brush off if he can't be honest.
I (28f) am dating a 29m.
Seriously, I wasn't being rude.
It's like asking someone if they farted.
He has said this multiple times.
It took so much for me to move in with him, because of my past.
