Original Response: 
What?
If it doesn't affect the job market or the overall economy how is this a disaster.
Because the parasites that sponsored this fluff piece of "news" are losing money.
It will though.
These things don't just stop at rich foreigners with empty houses.
Lots of Vancouverites are going to be going through financial disasters if this continues.
That will effect everything.
Most will get by though.
If you're in the service or retail industry I'd prepare though.
Im genuinely curious how this will cause the average Vancouverite "financial disasters"?
They didn't say "average".
They're talking about home owners.
If the bubble bursts it'll be a disaster for home owners.
But personally I can live with that.
The bubble is denying housing to too many people who ought to be able to afford it and a crash is the only solution.
The assumption was a homeowner is an average Canadian.
Depends on if you consider home owners the "average Vancouverite".
People do own all of this property you want to plummet in value and most of them actually live there (64% of vancouverites own their home as of 2017).
This isn't just a small sliver of the population taking a hit.
What do you think losing 30-40% of the value of your largest investment will do to consumer spending in Vancouver?
I would not want to be the owner or employee of any business that lives off local discretionary spending.
This in turn creates a snowball effect.
Now John the RV salesman and all of his friends lost their job and he can no longer go for dinners so Jims restaurant takes another hit, and on and on and on...
It all depends on how leveraged people are though.
Canada wide, house hold debt is a massive problem so it's not looking great.
There was no such assumption.
They said "lots of Vancouverites".
These things tend not to be as isolated as people expect.
With how much spending is driven by home equity I would not be surprised to see this decline impact other areas of the market; and the impact their will be spread to even more areas.
Big financial stress can occur at mortgage renewal.
If your house price drops to the point that the house is no longer a viable security for the mortgage, banks could refuse to renew the mortgage or renew at a much higher interest rate.
[deleted]
&gt;  Lots of Vancouverites are going to be going through financial disasters if this continues.
Why, you lose nothing if you can pay the mortgage payments.
yeah if you're in great shape nothing that happens in the market matters.
Those aren't the people that everyone is worried about when people talk about household debt worries and what not.
Interest rates are supposed to go up and housing prices going down is bad news for a lot of Canadian home owners.
If you were in a situation where you are overstretched with your mortgage payments with the absolute rock bottom interest rates at the moment, then you deserve every bit of being screwed by your decision.
Due diligence for the largest purchase you will ever make is essential.
Never overstretch yourself.
Literally everyone and their grandma knew the gravy train of ridiculous interest rates had to stop sometime in the future.
The average vancouverite is a homeowner.
Because a lot of money is made in construction, housing, and real estate, all of which will go to shit if the housing market tanks.
People will lose their jobs, then their homes, then their shirts.
Especially with all the HELoC people have added on thinking they won the lottery.
Because the only 'industry' in Vancouver is flogging Real estate to each other.
If this drop is real and if it continues, there will be blood.
Those people were not selling and their discretionary income doesn't change based on the fluctuations of the housing market.
And all those people were making huge returns for years, it's normal for investments to fluctuate in the short term.
are you forgetting about the incoming rate hikes?
Spells trouble.
Rate hikes would affect discretionary income regardless of if housing prices were still increasing or staying flat though.
I specifically know two couples who bought in the last couple of years in Vancouver with the assumption that, at worst, house prices would level off forever.
If prices drop 10-20% from where they are now, I'm pretty sure all the equity they have in their house will be gone.
They probably can still make the payments, but their get rich quick scheme will be bust for the foreseeable future.
Whoa man.
Don't let r/Vancouver hear that one.

Summary: 
The average vancouverite is a homeowner.
People will lose their jobs, then their homes, then their shirts.
They said "lots of Vancouverites".
Depends on if you consider home owners the "average Vancouverite".
They're talking about home owners.
Lots of Vancouverites are going to be going through financial disasters if this continues.
It all depends on how leveraged people are though.
If this drop is real and if it continues, there will be blood.
