Original Response: 
Disclaimer: I am not looking for codes, I can’t use them, I already redeemed as much as I possibly could.
I am looking for already redeemed legendaries.
I’m looking for any of the recent code events legendaries mainly shiny Zygardes AKA minty Zygardes, and Legendary celebration raikou and legendary celebration Xerneas.
Also feel free to make offers if there is anything else you have, I’m open to a lot of stuff.
I am willing to shiny hunt multiple things, amount depends on the thing you are offering.
Also I can’t get gen 7 shinies, sorry.
But I can still trade on gen 7

I can shiny hunt/breed on Y Ot: Chaos ID no 39278

And hunt/breed on Alpha Sapphire Ot Rocomet ID no 01974.
Are you after specific nature Xerneas?
If not I have a careful one self redeemed(id: 050418 and it's on gen 7).
I'd be willing to part with it for a shiny honedge(preferred sassy nature but will accept whatever) if possible on Y as I'm redoing a play through on it.
Well I don’t think the honedge will work out, but I’ll look into it.
I am fine with your Xerneas, is there anything else you are loooking for?
Uhhh not in particular but I'll take a look if the honedge will not work out!
Thanks though!
Would a feebas be more feasible?
Id prefer the honedge cause it's one of my favs but you tell me which is easier.
I can get you a shiny feebas Ot Rocomet ID no 01974.
I’ll tell you when I get it.
I’m not 100% sure if I can synchronize for it but if I can which nature do you want?
Bold preferred if possible.
Also what pokeball do you want it in?
And would you prefer it’s level to be 15, 25 or 35.
And do you want a nickname?
15 or 25 is possible, dive ball if possible and it is going to be in gen 6 correct?
Yes gen 6.
Also it might take some time because of how catching feebas works.
Yup I understand!
Also before you trade to my x game could I send you a prism scale from my y save and then you send me feebas with it holding the scale?
Yes.
Thanks!
Hey I got a few feebases the synch failed.
But I’ll let you choose two of the following three caught on my Alpha Sapphire Ot Rocomet ID no 01974.
They are all oblivious ability

- Naughty

- Sassy

- Quiet

I have three because while trying to increase my search level I decided the quickest way to do it was to chain fish so I got two on the way.
Definitely take the sassy nature.
Ok, tell me when you want to trade and on what game.
Also do you want a second shiny feebas?
If not I’ll do a giveaway for it.
Uh first I'd like to give prism scale off y and then I want the feebas on my x.
And pass on the 2nd for sure!
I'm happy with one!
Ok I’m online right now.
I'm hopping on.
Swapping games now.
Now the xerneas is on my gen 7.
Ok, also I got disconnected give me a moment.
[deleted]
Jumping in plaza now.
Also its shiny haha didnt even know that.
What is shiny?
The xerneas is shiny right?
No it wasn’t.
Oh worry could've swore it was.
I don’t even think you could possibly get a shiny from a code non-shiny code.
True I guess i really dont know the difference as I never used xerneas before.
Normal Xerneas has a black body.
Shiny Xerneas has a white body.
Ohhhh thanks!
Enjoy!
It’s alright, good trading with you, enjoy.
I’ll give the the feebas away later this month or something like that.

Summary: 
I’ll tell you when I get it.
Also do you want a second shiny feebas?
Also what pokeball do you want it in?
The xerneas is shiny right?
Shiny Xerneas has a white body.
I am looking for already redeemed legendaries.
Now the xerneas is on my gen 7.
And do you want a nickname?
I can get you a shiny feebas Ot Rocomet ID no 01974.
