Original Response: 
I felt the need to apprise the community I have been apart of for some time with some changes in store for JuiceDB.
---

Before I do that let me be real with you all.
For some time now we’ve been stagnant.
Trudging through day after day with no forward momentum, direction, or progress.
Daily upholding the mission and spirit of the site but not much else we could do.
Our developer, the site owner (not me BTW), moved on to other projects.
At some point we were approached by a couple interested parties.
By we, I mean the owner.
His decision was to sell to the parent company that also owns Hometown Hero E-Liquid.
Wump and I had our reservations about this but we also weren’t really asked for our opinion.
Money is money.
You all know how that works.
Just for clarity, JuiceDB is now owned by someone who also has ties to an e-liquid company.
Where I stand is, I am going to still uphold the values of the site the way I always have and no specific company has immunity to that in my eyes.
In my conversations with them, they support that 100%.
---

**Q&amp;A**  - My attempt to address some of the questions that will likely arise


Seems like having an e-liquid company associated with the site will taint it?
&gt;The new owners support what we’ve built and how we’ve built it.
They don’t want to disturb or mess with the credibility.
From my current knowledge they aren’t going to change the rankings or mess with anything ranking or algorithm related.
They are keeping the 2 companies divided.
Our rules have not changed neither has how we enforce the rules or against whomever.
What’s their goal?
&gt;Simply put to be the Yelp of vaping but without Yelp’s scummy reputation.
They want JuiceDB to be the go to place for reviews and known throughout all aspects of the vaping community.
It’s the same hope we had all along but they have the money and time to try to make it happen.
What are their plans for JuiceDB?
&gt;They want to get the momentum going again with development.
There will be more updates and changes more often.
They are going to add hardware reviews.
They will be implementing a badge or achievement type system to encourage participation (we talked about this in the past).
There are talks of more giveaways for general participation on the site like we have done in the past.
They do want to broaden their reach and get JuiceDB out in the industry more.
Talks of getting the site into B&amp;Ms and collaborating with some of the largest e-liquid sites to cross promote.
Will there be ads?
&gt;They want to get the site paying for itself at a minimum.
I actually advocated for ads a long time ago as I felt they were a necessary evil.
There will be sponsored ads, which some of the vendors who frequent the sub already know.
They will replace the recommended juices section on the front page and be designated as sponsored products.
They will be visually different and have pictures of products.
These ads won’t affect the lists or rankings.
So you’re like a paid shill now right?
&gt;I am not being paid.
The way I do things and enforce rules has not changed.
But I thought you were JuiceDB?
&gt;I have long been kind of the face of JuiceDB and taking care of issues here on Reddit.
I didn’t create the site nor do I own any stake in it.
I have volunteered probably months worth of time over the years to support something I believed in and that when I joined, needed help.
So you’ll be reviewing all of their juices highly right?
&gt;In full disclosure, prior to all of this I have reviewed HTH juices.
Some of which we received for review.
Same as we have for quite a few businesses in the past.
I have since removed my reviews of any juices I am aware they are affiliated with.
While I stand by my reviews, I don’t feel comfortable having them up given the conflict of interest.
What is your view of all this?
&gt;I’m an extremely cynical person.
Putting cynicism aside, I would like to think that they wouldn’t devote the money or time to what we’ve built just to burn it to the ground by shilling for themselves and ignoring all of our rules.
If that happens so be it.
Currently I have nothing to jump to that conclusion.
I am cautiously optimistic.
So how’s it going so far?
&gt;Decent.
There were some rocky days of lack of communication and misunderstanding but currently I think we have a good understanding and a basis for effective communication.
I have been doing this for so long and we had so many ambitious ideas that I think we can collaborate well to better the site.
After over a month I think we have a communication system down and can be more effective from both sides.
What’s your goal?
&gt;Keep things true to our values and mission.
I always had high hopes and aspirations for the site and I’d like to see some of those recognized or achieved.
I won’t be sticking around if our rules or legitimacy are sacrificed for the sake of money.
I’d like to help.
(not a question but...yeah)

&gt;Shoot me a PM and let me know why you want to help and what you can offer.
This isn’t a paid job, but we could use some moderators.
---

If you need to e-mail me you can at sc0lm00@juicedb.com or message me here.
I just wanted to keep it honest.
I won’t be sticking around if the site changes for the worse or goes against the spirit of what we’ve built.
Until then, I want to see where it goes.
Again...cautiously optimistic.
ECR has been our home and my home for a long time.
I personally appreciate all of the support over the years and hope it can continue.
You’re welcome to your own opinions on this whole thing.
Feel free to ask more questions and I will try to answer what I can.
I will also take any feedback back to the new owners as well.
If you see something you don’t like or would like changed let me know.
If there are features you would like to see added or removed I would like to know as well.
My take: Juicedb is dead.
The information provided just cannot be trusted when its owned by a juice company now.
They've killed the credibility of the db built up over the years.
I like hometown hero, I have nothing against them and I'd feel the exact same way if any other juice company made this acquisition.
Appriciate the post, if nothing else folks should be aware!
I respect your opinion and it's one I fear many will have and I cannot prevent.
It is how it is and I have no way to change that.
As stated, when I know it can no longer be trusted I will be leaving and will make my voice heard about that.
Until then I'm seeing where it goes.
Also again, parent company and not HTH directly.
However you want to look at that ;)
I agree with this.
They most certainly bought the site as an investment; companies are not altruistic, even if they claim to be.
I appreciate this OP, your honesty and apparent commitment to independence are admirable.
I don’t think I can see juicedb as an unbiased source of information anymore though.
Ya I harbor no ill will towards anyone involved, it was a business decision that probably makes a lot of sense to those involved, just doesn't favor consumers is all.
I think we should build our on database.
With blackjack.
And hookers!
Just kidding.
But I would be interested to hear if there is a large push from the community to start a standalone database (maybe with the /r/ECR mods?)
that wouldn't have any ties to a juice company or revenue...
I honestly feel like I'd be shooting in the dark without some guidance from JuiceDB.
I have three local shops and I don't know that they'd offer much in the way of discovering new flavor.
One seems to 'discourage' sampling and will just let you taste it (not vape it), one is seemingly the only one that makes house juices and I think their focus is on that, and the third is an Avail, so I think they only have samples for their own flavors.
I guess I could get an idea for what *types* of flavors I like, but that's just an introductory thing as I'm a new vaper.
Once I know my 'palate' I'll be looking for a good/accurate flavor and I'll need to try different manufacturers' specific juices...
Man if I had coding experience and knew wtf I was doing I would have tried to buy the site years ago.
Sadly I have none of that.
Ive done some webdesign.
But I'm no expert.
We hear your logic, and the possibilities of these problems, but can you actually point to one instance that they have used Juicedb in a harmful manner?
They just bought it, so no I can't.
I also would never be able to prove they didnt mess with algorithms to make sure they have their stuff seen more than natural either though.
I don't think they have any ill intentions, but business is business.
Whos to say a few months from now and we get around to black friday, they'd be financially incentivised to make sure that their sale gets a bit extra visibility, and if they own the site...
Nothing is there to stop them, and proving anything funky is going on is never easy from the outside.
It's probably not fair to tear down a useful resource for many vapers based on the possible worst cast senerio.
Juicedb has given a lot to this community over the years and we are confident that it will continue to do so.
On a monetary level, we can assure you the advertising is making them plenty of money.

Summary: 
Sadly I have none of that.
It is how it is and I have no way to change that.
But I thought you were JuiceDB?
They just bought it, so no I can't.
I just wanted to keep it honest.
I think we should build our on database.
---

Before I do that let me be real with you all.
By we, I mean the owner.
Until then, I want to see where it goes.
I didn’t create the site nor do I own any stake in it.
Currently I have nothing to jump to that conclusion.
I have since removed my reviews of any juices I am aware they are affiliated with.
The way I do things and enforce rules has not changed.
What are their plans for JuiceDB?
Feel free to ask more questions and I will try to answer what I can.
They are going to add hardware reviews.
&gt;They want to get the site paying for itself at a minimum.
They do want to broaden their reach and get JuiceDB out in the industry more.
