Original Response: 
Edit: I don't know how anyone can misunderstand a principle this badly, but of course I'm saying in addition to using your front brakes, goof balls.
Just saw a post where everyone seemed to agree that if your front brakes are powerful, I. E. sport bikes with dual rotors, you're good to go with just front brakes, because they're good enough to pick the rear up, so what benefit would using the rear add?
Here's why you NEED to use your rear brake every time your bike slows down:

1.
Using your rear brake keeps the bike upright.
This means whenever you trail the rear brake into a turn, the bike will have a steady force pulling from the back end of the bike that will stabilize the rear.
Even a tiny amount of pressure, not enough to slow you down, will give you a much smoother turn in every time.
1.a This is especially important in parking lots and slippery surfaces, your bike will be much more resistant to your weight movement and will be steered by the bars more, giving you a more predictable route and a more vertical bike, which is the end goal of all body lean in the first place.
Any movement you do on the bike, whether it's leaning off or sitting forward or back during acceleration/deceleration, it's always to achieve the goal of keeping the bike more upright and aligned, and thus stable.
2.
Your rear brake keeps your bike from diving and bouncing forward and back.
When you initially grab front brakes, your weight will cause the forks to compress, and in virtually all cases you'll have a slight bounce back after the fork reaches compression because of how springs work.
Your rear brake, in combination with your swing arm angle, will keep your swing arm in a limited range of motion as long as the brake is applied.
To test this, stop with a decent amount of rear brake, and hold the brake until you're stopped.
Let go of the rear, and your bike will kick up an inch or two as the swingarm returns to its natural position.
This also means that as you hit the fronts, just the act of keeping the swing arm in a limited range will keep the front end from diving and bouncing as much, letting you brake much harder even if the front is doing 95% of the stopping.
3.
It will smooth out your engine braking, when you're doing so just lightly apply the rear brake, especially in between gears, and the bike will feel much more predictable

4.
It will help keep you from lowsiding.
In addition to all of the above, if you do happen to start losing your front, the rear tire being braked will serve to straighten out the bike, like a spinning car that suddenly locks the e-brake.
It won't save you by itself, but it will keep the bike more upright and in a predictable corner arc, which can help in some situations where the front loses grip.
5.
Fish tailing the rear as you stop sometimes happens when you hit oil or shitty pavement anyways, so if you can get a good feel for when the rear locks up and how it handles, it will make that situation fun instead of terrifying.
6.
Your bike is trying to fall at all times.
If you're turning and aren't on the throttle, you need to be on the brakes, to keep the bike from wobbling and picking a side to fall on.
To test this out go to a parking lot and make tighter and tighter turns, within about 20 feet, and see how stable the bike is once you're off the gas.
You won't be able to keep it on the same line without the throttle as you lose momentum and stability.
With a little rear brake AND throttle, you'll be able to make tighter and tighter stable circles.
Just don't blame me if you crash!
7.
There's no excuse for lazy riding.
If you're the type of person who reads reddit motorcycle tips like this in the first place, just take the effort and do it right, your bike will feel completely different and you'll have much more confidence in the course your bike takes through any kind of corner or braking situation.
Tldr watch twist of the wrist and try things out on your bike to see what does what.
And yet this all is obviously wrong in straight-line braking.
Maybe we should all stop talking in pompous absolutes?
You're not exactly going to reduce your straight line braking ability by using both brakes, so what's the issue?
Except it is.
You have much better lateral stability and the ability to evade by using both brakes instead of turning your bike into a unicycle.
Braking isn't as simple as just weight transfer.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DR4f5GYkeU4

k.
I see no street riding in that clip, do you?
And stop pretending like you can repeatedly brake as well as Marquez on a street bike you goof.
I see braking a straight line, which is the topic at hand, and I've pretended nothing.
Point still stands, in straight line braking it's all the front (if the bike has traction for a stoppie).
The larger point, again, is that pontificating in absolutes is obnoxious.
Knock it off.
You're beyond help.
When do I even mention absolute straight line braking?
I gave you five scenarios, none of which is Marquez braking on the front straight.
What absolute are you referring to, that you should use all of the brakes on your vehicle?
Dips hit even for Marquez it's a good idea to hit the rear brake, so that you have stability once your tire hits the ground again.
Man you guys are thick.
It's pointless and one more thing to think about instead of concentrating on the front brakes.
All the stopping power will come from the front on a sportbike.
&gt;All the stopping power will come from the front on a sportbike.
*Most.
*  Not all.
If you're stopping at the fastest the bike can, the rear is skipping in the air.
For sportsbikes at least.
If you have enough weight on the back tire for the rear brake to be effective, you're not braking as hard as you could be in the front.
The weight transfer to the front means the traction there actually increases the harder you brake.
By carefully using this traction we can stop faster with only the front vs using both brakes.
The most important thing is to keep both tires in contact with the ground without transitioning from static friction to dynamic friction.

Summary: 
Using your rear brake keeps the bike upright.
Your bike is trying to fall at all times.
Your rear brake keeps your bike from diving and bouncing forward and back.
Braking isn't as simple as just weight transfer.
If you're stopping at the fastest the bike can, the rear is skipping in the air.
It will help keep you from lowsiding.
What absolute are you referring to, that you should use all of the brakes on your vehicle?
All the stopping power will come from the front on a sportbike.
&gt;All the stopping power will come from the front on a sportbike.
