Original Response: 
Good, gives them enough time to get their affairs in order.
Although I'm not pleased they turned their back on a promise to keep the program running, I am happy to see the program end.
Why are you happy to see it cut short?
we didn't even get any data from it.
If you think basic income is the wrong route then the right thing to do would have been to let it run it's course and see what the results are.
What would you do if you're afraid of being proven wrong?
You destroy the research.
That's conservative 101, Harper did it to scientist, Ford's just following the conservative playbook.
Having a unsupportive government test a program will never be an effective method to gaining meaningful data.
The program was doomed once the election results were in.
At least they’re not pretending and wasting the money.
I have no faith the current government will spend it better but at least it will be consistent and any results from that spending can be traced back to the current government so the people can judge them on their ideas and results instead.
No matter what happens with the first generation (all highly motivated and grateful to get free money) this will eventually devolve into another welfare plan given to entitled lazy people.
Study lottery and lawsuit winners, don't flush money down the toilet.
The difference is that UBI and welfare gives you a stable income.
Lottery and suits are a one time surge of money that you didn't expect to get in the first place.
Of course you'd spend your lottery money on luxuries - that's why you played it in the first place.
No one reasonable buys lottery in hopes to go back to school to get a stable job and get their finances in order.
With welfare, UBI and other similar socialist schemes, you're giving financial stability to the poor in hopes that they now have the safety net required to get their shit together, get an education and a good job so that, one day, they too will have a good enough income that it can be taxed and then turned into social nets for the other less fortunate.
It just so happens that a lot of welfare programs actually create an inconvenient ceiling that makes improving your finances counterproductive in practice.
UBI is an attempt to remedy this by changing the formula so that you're not forced into constantly applying to and accepting jobs that otherwise wouldnt be good fits, or falling into a financial dead zone where a job would leave you with less income at the end of the day.
Its not, as you put it, for the lazy and entitled.
If anything that sort of attitude comes off as far more entitled than anything else.
It says "yeah helping the poor is nice but what about me???"
In a country with socialist ideals and systems, everyone benefits from the poor doing better and contributing to society.
But as a lot of poor or used to be poor people will say, being poor is expensive as hell.
You will be forced to make short term financial decisions with long term consequences just to keep afloat, and in the end never truly improve your situation over time.
UBI and a lot of other similar systems hope to remedy that.
It might not be perfect, just like a lot of past welfare projects werent perfect, but at least they're trying to make a change for the better.
What kind of change are YOU trying to make to better the lives of the poor?
Aside of course from your hollier than thou attitude and calling people down their luck lazy and entitled because you were fortunate enough to have a financially stable family that could support you.
And I'm not guilting anyone who's had any kind of "priviledge" as they call it.
If your family can afford to send you to a good school so that you can make enough of a living for yourself that you give more in taxes than you get back from the government, then god bless you.
Your income is passively helping fund those welfares and UBIs thatll help the less fortunate.
But if you decide to insult those people that need help comfortably behind a computer screen while acting migthier than everyone else, then you sir are, quite frankly, being a dick.
[removed]
It wasn't really a great test though.
To be a true test you would need to have isolated the city entirely so that the low income would recieve money,  but the rich/ businesses would get taxed heavily to support them.
The current study just shows what giving people money does.
It doesn't show the side of what happens when taxes get increased heavily for certain groups.
Would people move?
Would businesses leave?
Would more low income move into area because of the handout?
This study was just about what people do when they get more money,  not exactly ground breaking.
If it's not exactly ground breaking then why was it cut before the results came in, the fact that it was cut despite Ford promising not to tells me he's scared of what it could reveal.
&gt;If it's not exactly ground breaking then why was it cut before the results came in 

Probably because it wasn't ground breaking.
lol if the results are going to be so bad why not let it finish and prove everyone else wrong and end the debate once and for all?
&gt; lol if the results are going to be so bad why not let it finish and prove everyone else wrong and end the debate once and for all?
I don't think that was the point.
(I think) The point is the execution of the pilot is poor such that any result that come out of it (whether good or bad), will not be very reliable.
At least that's what I digest from the post you replied to, I am not debating what's right/wrong or any motivation behind cancelling the program.
because things cost money and for government to have money they have to take it from the people who earned the money.
That's rich coming from someone like Ford who had the worse predicted deficit out of all candidates.
&gt; but the rich/ businesses would get taxed heavily to support them

Thats not how it works though...
&gt; It just so happens that a lot of welfare programs actually create an inconvenient ceiling that makes improving your finances counterproductive in practice.
UBI is an attempt to remedy this by changing the formula so that you're not forced into constantly applying to and accepting jobs that otherwise wouldnt be good fits, or falling into a financial dead zone where a job would leave you with less income at the end of the day.
Both the basic income pilot and welfare work off the same formula.
You never get less income by taking a job.
Then where does the money come from?
I may be missing something,  but from what i can put together that is the only way it would work.
The impression I get from your comment is that everybody has the same motivation.
We all had the opportunity to go to school and yet many couldn't be bothered to even finish high school.
What makes you think that money is the issue?
To me UBI is an over simplification on a basis that we all have common goals.
The most flagrant over simplification is that the money will just materialize even thought it would require around 3 times the total government revenue just for UBI.
My motivation to work is so that I can save for retirement, go on vacations and enjoy life.
Some peoples motivation is for them to get drunk.
Others is to get high.
Others aren't motivated to do anything that is productive because they believe they are rebels.
Rebels from what I have no idea.
So if my taxes increase 3 fold then I wouldn't be able to afford my goals and would have no motivation to even work.
The motivation I would have is to move to a productive society.
&amp;#x200B;

I agree our current social safety net is inadequate.
Yet we still have the money to waste on trivial things and dream up plans that we know from the get go we can't afford.
I also have many examples where certain people are given the opportunity to get themselves out of poverty but just just don't care to.
Either because they have to answer to a boss or just don't want to get up in the morning.
Handing them anything of value goes for their fix and not for self improvement.
&amp;#x200B;

This isn't about insults.
Everybody in our country can get out of poverty.
It takes time and motivation.
Some have it harder than others.
Some don't care or expect that someone will fix it for them.
Others need professional mental health help.
UBI can't fix poverty, it will create it because it's not about the money.
If it was about the money then give everyone 1 million dollars that would make the millionaires and the problem will be solved.
(About as feasible a solution as UBI).
As far as some people are concerned it's just printed paper.
Nobody pro UBI will answer your question because when you sit down and do the math it doesn't add up.
The vast majority of it comes from cutting all the current means-tested systems and all the bureaucracy that comes with them, and the rest with extra to spare is estimated to come from savings in health care alone.
Then you conceivably gets the benefits of extra income and sales tax from people pursuing higher education and earning more over their lifetimes.
&amp;#x200B;

But there are many forms of Basic Income and just as many proposed ways to fund them.
Do the math.
Cutting the welfare bureaucracy is not feasible because some need human help.
But even if you do you will have to eliminate all the spending.
Military.
Police.
Healthcare.
It will be 3 times federal and provincial budgets combined.
Just bear in mind that we are talking about a living income.
You can choose what that is.
Canadian population is around 35 million.
Unless you are not talking UBI because then you can't eliminate anything.
Not talking UBI just BI most likely in the form of a negative income tax.
Are you as suspicious when Pharma ends a trial early due to poor performance of a drug?
'Must have been a miracle cure, or otherwise why wouldn't they spend an additional few million dollars proving it's not?'
BI requires that the welfare department be kept.
There is no administrative savings.
It just increases the costs of welfare.
In our society poverty is an attitude, priority, motivation issue.
Just think of this, in most jurisdictions an individual on minimum wage working 80 hour weeks gets them out of poverty.
All small business owners I know do at least that to keep afloat and  stay in business.
The results have come in more than 3000 times.
On reserves across Canada.
Handing out money is devastating to a population.
It depends on where you are and what the program is.
And also how that income is deduced, because no longer being on welfare means you might now have to pay for services that welfare covered, taxes, etc.
So even if you made the same amount from your job than you would with welfare, you're, in effect, left with less money.
\&gt; Would people move?
Would businesses leave?
&amp;#x200B;

No.
[https://www.sup.org/books/title/?id=27987](https://www.sup.org/books/title/?id=27987)

&amp;#x200B;

\&gt; Would more low income move into area because of the handout?
&amp;#x200B;

It's extremely odd to me that people think moving is free of consequence, both financial, and personal.
It's hard to move your entire life anywhere.
If people are moving to the area to take advantage of such a low income subsistence living, then that means there are massive, major, extreme problems with the economy where there are no rational paying jobs for work.
If that's the case, then perhaps there's a larger issue going on.
Perhaps there's an ongoing policy of creating precarious labour conditions which needs to be more seriously addressed.
&amp;#x200B;
If you were a shareholder in a company would you rather have the headquarters in a country with or without basic income?
For example let's say canada has basic income,  usa does not.
Do you think shareholders would be okay with hq being in canada meaning a much larger hit to profits?
Not sure I follow why you think a basic income means a loss in profits.
I'd rather operate a business in a society which guarantees it's citizens a certain level of income.
That guarantee of income ensures an enormous amount of stability for my business (assuming what I'm doing is in demand).
Sure I'd lose a little bit off the tippy top of the profit margin, but I spend more on advertising and advertising then on the extremely modest tax increase the basic income would require.
So I get what I pay for; a much more stable business environment where my customers are guaranteed the very thing I require of them to keep my business afloat; money.
I'd pay an extra three percent on gst to create that scenario.
I think you'd be nuts to want to operate in a less stable environment.
&gt; or otherwise why wouldn't they spend an additional few million dollars proving it's not?'
Seeing as Ford had the highest predicted deficit of all candidates that example doesn't match up, Ford doesn't care about saving money so why is he penny pinching all of a sudden?

Summary: 
Then where does the money come from?
Others is to get high.
Some peoples motivation is for them to get drunk.
It takes time and motivation.
I don't think that was the point.
The motivation I would have is to move to a productive society.
It just increases the costs of welfare.
Rebels from what I have no idea.
What makes you think that money is the issue?
Would more low income move into area because of the handout?
It depends on where you are and what the program is.
You never get less income by taking a job.
The difference is that UBI and welfare gives you a stable income.
Everybody in our country can get out of poverty.
we didn't even get any data from it.
UBI can't fix poverty, it will create it because it's not about the money.
The current study just shows what giving people money does.
The impression I get from your comment is that everybody has the same motivation.
The results have come in more than 3000 times.
This study was just about what people do when they get more money,  not exactly ground breaking.
