Original Response: 
why is mercury needed in vaccinations.
I don't care if its trace amounts.. why is it there?
It's there [as a preservative.
](https://www.cdc.gov/vaccines/hcp/patient-ed/conversations/downloads/vacsafe-thimerosal-color-office.pdf)
How about check out the widely available research?
It's not actually mercury as you and I know it.
Thiomersal (the preservative that contains mercury) is actually a different chemical of the following composition: C9H9HgNaO2S.
So it's a single molecule constructed of 9 carbon atoms, 9 hydrogen atoms, 1 mercury atom, 1 sodium atom, 2 oxygen atoms, and 1 sulphur atom.
What's important is that this is one molecule.
A single atomic substance (like mercury) doesn't have the same properties at all when it's part of a molecular compound.
The molecule has properties that aren't necessarily related in any way to those of the individual atoms within it.
As a popular example, consider table salt: NaCl, or 1 atom of sodium and 1 of chloride.
Either one of those chemicals on their own would be bad bad bad news, but in combination, they are vital to life.
That's because when the two atoms bond to create a sodium-chloride molecule (common table salt), that molecule has entirely different properties from the atomic materials within it.
That's what chemistry is all about.
Are you as worried about the Chlorine and Sodium (both deadly on their own) in basically all of the food you eat?
Of course not, because when the two are a compound together they make salt.
Sometimes chemicals sound scary, and the anti-vax movement is using this as "evidence" of poison without actually knowing the effects.
Not to mention basically all fish and shellfish contain trace amounts of mercury.
Mercury is not in vaccinations, a mercury containing compound named thimerosal is in a select few, which acts as an anti-septic/anti-fungal agent.
Much like how when you ingest salt, the sodium does not violently react and catch fire upon contact with your saliva and you don’t subsequently die of chlorine poisoning, the mercury in thimerosal is safe for your body.
Clearly, we need better chemistry education in this country...
Mercury isn't in vaccinations for the same reason toxic hydrogen peroxide isn't in water.
A compound with a mercury atom is not molecular mercury.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Was breezing over your comment until I saw “C9H9HgNaO2S”.
Made me remember how much fun and the enjoyment I got out of chemistry in high school.
Great comment thank you.
Why is chlorine needed in salt?
I don't care if it's 50% of salt.....why is it there?
Because a chemical compound has different properties than it's component elements.
Downvotes only alienate those who want to know more.
This is a fair question so let me see what I can do.
Most mercury has been eliminated from vaccines, except for the flu shot.
It serves as a preservative in vaccines.
If you have any other questions I will try and answer them.
It's not molecular mercury, it's thiomersal.
A single atom of mercury in a chemical compound does not have the same damaging interaction with our biology as molecular mercury.
It is an important difference to note.

Summary: 
why is mercury needed in vaccinations.
It's there [as a preservative.
It's not molecular mercury, it's thiomersal.
It's not actually mercury as you and I know it.
A compound with a mercury atom is not molecular mercury.
It serves as a preservative in vaccines.
