Original Response: 
[deleted]
Many years ago, back when my wife (then girlfriend) and I were dating, we went thought a teenage "try everything" phase.
She suggested peeing.
So she sat on my chest and peed on me, grinding around...
I loved it.
When the time came for me to return the favor, she HATED it... so pee was out of the rotation.
I thought about it over the years.
Really wanted to do it again.
But I remembered her reaction, knew that she was a super private person on bathroom stuff, and is honestly pretty vanilla when it comes to sex.
I was terrified to share it; what if she thought I was gross, disgusting, thought less of me as a person?
But finally, a year and a half ago, on my birthday, I just told her.
She laughed, asked what porn I'd been watching.
Made a Trump joke (remember his "scandal" with the prostitutes and golden showers)... then started talking logistics.
Now, about once a week or so, she'll kill a couple bottles of water we'll toss down towels, and she'll squat over me.
Pee in my mouth, all over me, concentrate on my dick as I stroke myself off.
But she wants to be sure I get off, so she spends time giving me oral, playing with my ass, etc first to get me close.
It doesn't really do anything for her, and it has taken some effort for her to get over her shyness, but she does seem gratified at how hard I get off.
It's pretty fantastic.
And would never have happened had I not just talked to her about it.
I know I need to just talk to him.
It’s one thing to know what I need to do and another to do it.
Your story gives me hope though!
We have a few other things we’ve been talking about and are about to partake in, what’s one more?
I guess if he can tell me he wants me to peg him (which I’m SUPER excited about) I can tell him my deepest fantasy too!
Thank you!
Happy to help.
If he's willing to make himself vulnerable enough to share that he wants you to fuck him in the ass - knowing the sorts of stigmas society likes to attach to this kind of thing - I just cannot imagine that he would judge you for wanting pee play.
Absolute worst case scenario, he's not into it and it's a hard limit for him.
But it sounds like you two have a channel open here about kinks; I expect he will at least give it a try, find some sort of compromise.
I know that you're reluctant to share details, but there's only so much you can do with pee.
If you're wanting him to pee on you/in your mouth... that's pretty damn easy.
Even if he's not into it, he should be able to oblige you (much like my wife has).
And he may get a kick out of it "doing it" for you (much like my wife does).
If you're wanting him to pee in you - it can be tough to pee with an erection, which he obviously has to have if he's inside of you.
But again, this ought to be doable for him, at least as a compromise type deal.
If you are wanting to pee on him/in his mouth, it obviously gets trickier.
If he's grossed out by pee, he'd have to suck it up to make this work.
I'm a massively kinky bastard, but I do have a couple of hard limits; blood (to a degree) and feces are pretty serious "no gos" for me, and I'd have a tough time getting past those, period.
Almost anything else my wife could possibly dream up, I'd be willing to try, or do from time to time.
You have to respect boundaries, of course, but that doesn't mean that you can't talk about them.
And often times, boundaries can be a "not all the time, but we can do it sometimes" type things.
Good luck to you!
As a man, I think that if your husband is willing to trust you with the "ultimate surrender" then peeing is relatively tame.
Go ahead and talk to him about it and try it.
You have the perfect opportunity coming up.
I bet it will be well received.
I rest my case.
My case, it would seem.
;)
Case stated perfectly.... 10!
[deleted]
I’m soooo excited!
We’ve been playing back there with rimming, me fingering him, and a vibrating prostate massager, and I’m so pumped to get to peg him!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Have a source for that claim?
I've been drinking it (only a couple of mouthfuls at a time) for a year and a half now.
There's a fair number of people with this kink, I've seen zero reports of someone getting sick from it.
I'm sure if you drank quarts of it, the ammonia content/urea might be a problem.
In normal kink play, it's an utter nonissue.
[deleted]
So... no source.
[deleted]
Unless you plan to make it a fluid replacement in your diet, it really isn't.
What does the "ultimate surrender" mean?
With context I’m assuming being anally penetrated by his SO?
Ultimate surrender is a description of someone "giving their anus" to be penetrated, usually by a penis.
if it's too embarrassing to tell him you can write it down and show him that.
I had a SO who had a lot of fantasies she was to embarrassed to tell me.
but she loved steamy romance novels.. getting onto 50 shades territory.
.
I got her to write what "Ana" would want.
I gotta admit: sex is amazing.
I'm really disgusted about your fetish, and this detailed description.
Although, it's just fcking amazing to see human beings enjoying themselves, in such ways that ones hate, and others love.
Jeez, i love sexual diversity!
It's so... Amusing to me!!
I really should had studied psychology, dang it.
I love the enthusiasm in most of this comment; it was probably unnecessary to mention your personal disgust.
This is an incredible (and warm!)
testament to the benefits of good communication and of course a wonderful, adventurous sex life.
Bravo, sir.
Bravo.
Thank you for your kind words.
That was part of the "sexual diversity" bit...
It's a preference, that's it.
I mean... something like "that's not for me" would have probably sufficed, but that's okay.
Yay sex, I guess?
Well, there ya go.... that's the spirit!
....and you're right (and very logical) to look at it from that approach, always look for the "positives" in any given situation.
To add to what you just said, may I add...?
Is there really any kink that can be touted as "any better than" or "any worse than" another (within the boundaries of safe, sane, consentual, &amp; legal of course) ?
In my personal efforts to always be 'open-minded', I try to see fetishes as not so much of a "good or bad", "right or wrong" issue, I try to weigh things in the balances as either "not *wrong-*just not right for me" or "never tried it- but willing to try anything she asks at least once".
Good luck!
B.
&amp; B.
Let us know how that goes...?
Sounds like it has the makings of a really great erotic story.
Wouldn't the *exact* definition of "the ultimate surrender" be varied, even vastly different from person to person, gauged by their own unique experiences and tastes?
Just my way of thinking I guess.
I've never been a stranger combination of repulsed but incredibly happy for you!
Not for me, but congrats!
[removed]
sometimes these discussions get very heteronormative, it's fine.
Agreed.
Inherently subjective definition esp as the context is sexual.
🙂.
Thanks!
Haha same.
Such a sweet story of a man with a piss fetish.
I wasn't offering a "definition".
I was relating common usage.
You're over thinking it.
It is a possibility.
I've been known to "think too much".
Thanks.

Summary: 
I thought about it over the years.
Really wanted to do it again.
I know I need to just talk to him.
I bet it will be well received.
I wasn't offering a "definition".
I was relating common usage.
Just my way of thinking I guess.
And would never have happened had I not just talked to her about it.
I really should had studied psychology, dang it.
I got her to write what "Ana" would want.
I gotta admit: sex is amazing.
Pee in my mouth, all over me, concentrate on my dick as I stroke myself off.
Go ahead and talk to him about it and try it.
It's a preference, that's it.
I had a SO who had a lot of fantasies she was to embarrassed to tell me.
It’s one thing to know what I need to do and another to do it.
If you are wanting to pee on him/in his mouth, it obviously gets trickier.
