Original Response: 
How much of that $90k came from the Liberal party?
If I was Trudeau right now, I'd be bankrolling Bernier's party like crazy.
Bernier doing well next year will be only good for the Liberals.
Think along these lines makes me wonder how much of the funding for anti-pipeline protesters in BC comes from the Koch bros, or other American oil-corps who own so much of the distribution of Canada's petrol-resources.
&gt;Think along these lines makes me wonder how much of the funding for anti-pipeline protesters in BC comes from the Koch bros, or other American oil-corps who own so much of the distribution of Canada's petrol-resources.
You have to be an individual to donate to a political party.
We actually know from wikileaks that a non insignificant amount of Trump's primary donations came from the Clinton campaign.
Clinton thought Trump would be easy to win against (the irony I know).
But that is proof that politicians do this kind of thing on the regular.
Politicians want to win, and often encouraging 3rd parties that split the opposition vote is a way of doing that.
I wouldn't be surprised if the CPC donates to the NDP to try and weaken the Liberals.
Bernier could steel the Red Tory vote though.
He'd help the NDP more than the Liberals.
Bernier stands to split votes from both the Conservatives and the Liberals.
Political party =/= protestors.
oh there's some deep humor to be had in the 2016 US election.
how about the fact that the Comey FBI put off the Clinton investigation to focus on the Trump-Russia investigation, then had to re-open the Clinton investigation literally right before election day, which is basically what made Clinton lose.
Then, the Democrats all started worshipping Comey as a hero for investigating Trump, even though the guy is, in all likelihood, a large part of why Clinton lost.
it's deeply amusing.
what's interesting is that in that initial poll that was done about a hypothetical Bernier party, he took 6% away from the CPC, and 5% from the LPC and NDP combined.
Which means he's getting support nearly equally between the right and left.
It was 3% from the Liberals and 2% from the NDP and none of the polls included "undecided" or non voters that would were suddenly picking a party to vote for.
It's way easier to explain the difference as vote dilution from more people picking a side.
Given the possible rounding done (it was only whole percentages) it would easily explain how the Liberals lost double the amount the NDP did given they have double the support.
we know and its a LOT of money.
it just never got much traction around here ...

&gt;[Tides is by no means an impartial bystander in the campaign against Alberta oil.
In fact, Tides is the funding and co-ordination juggernaut behind anti-pipeline activism.
Totaling US$35 million, Tides made more than 400 payments (2009 to 2015) to nearly 100 anti-pipeline groups.
Without all that Tides money, pipeline projects would not be facing well-organized opposition.]
(https://business.financialpost.com/opinion/vivian-krause-the-cash-pipeline-opposing-canadian-oil-pipelines)

&gt;Tides funds The Tar Sands Campaign, an international effort that aims to embarrass Canada, deter investment and stigmatize Alberta oil as the poster child of dirty fuel.
The goal of this campaign is nothing short of stopping the export of Alberta oil by pipeline, rail and tanker.
Clinton lost because she ran a poor campaign and didn't show up in swing states.
She can say it was because of Comey, but he was just the straw that broke the camels back.
Now he's digging into Trump, who will likely end up in a worse position than Clinton.
The world works in mysterious and hilarious ways.
&gt;Clinton lost because she ran a poor campaign and didn't show up in swing states

that's also partly why, obviously.
But you can't deny that the Director of the FBI coming out just days before the election saying he is re-opening the investigation into Clinton wasn't extraordinarily harmful to her.
and the amusing part is that it likely happened that way because Comey was trying to help Clinton by focusing on Trump-Russia first.
&gt;Think along these lines makes me wonder how much of the funding for anti-pipeline protesters in BC comes from the Koch bros, or other American oil-corps who own so much of the distribution of Canada's petrol-resources.
I don't have the motivation to search for it at the moment but I remember seeing a few articles years ago that demonstrated a significant amount of the anti oil-sands protests were funded by competing oil interests from other countries.
It isn't that uncommon for these kinds of groups to become the puppets of large multi-national interests.
&amp;#x200B;
&gt; But you can't deny that the Director of the FBI coming out just days before the election saying he is re-opening the investigation into Clinton wasn't **extraordinarily** harmful to her.
I can!
It was definitely a contributing factor, I'd say not campaigning in the rust belt was definitely leaps and bounds more destructive to her campaign.
&gt; and the amusing part is that it likely happened that way because Comey was trying to help Clinton by focusing on Trump-Russia first.
Not sure I agree with your assessment (Trump-Russia investigation began after inauguration, also Comey has never exhibited outright partisanship so I think it's a stretch), but sure, why not.
&gt;Not sure I agree with your assessment (Trump-Russia investigation began after inauguration

not really.
the FBI was investigating Russian interference and collusion issues before then.
&gt;also Comey has never exhibited outright partisanship

eeehhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
The FBI is not James Comey, it is explicitly non-partisan.
Most government bureaucracy operates at an arms length from politicians so that they can retain institutional knowledge between elections.
If you are suggesting that Comey was investigating Trump prior to election day to help Clinton that is a serious leap that would require some proof.
&gt;Comey FBI put off the Clinton investigation to focus on the Trump-Russia investigation,

Source.
I've never before heard that the Clinton investigation was paused to look into Trump.
Do you think the FBI just has 1 guy doing investigations?
there's no source, it's just some speculation I've heard from people who have good insight.
It's obviously not guaranteed, but it sorta seems like that's what happened.
There's no other explanation for Comey's actions.

Summary: 
He'd help the NDP more than the Liberals.
How much of that $90k came from the Liberal party?
Do you think the FBI just has 1 guy doing investigations?
I've never before heard that the Clinton investigation was paused to look into Trump.
There's no other explanation for Comey's actions.
&gt;Comey FBI put off the Clinton investigation to focus on the Trump-Russia investigation,

Source.
The FBI is not James Comey, it is explicitly non-partisan.
Bernier stands to split votes from both the Conservatives and the Liberals.
