Original Response: 
[removed]
You're generalizing WAY to much.
Your penis is not the relationship.
Your virginity isnt the relatiionship.
If youre a decent person, and treat woman as people and not objects, eventually it'll happen.
But if you keep this attitude, people will smell it on you, and avoid you because your bad news.
Well... if this is true then I really am doomed.
I must just be a terrible person.
Somehow I ended up worse than all the rapists and child molesters in the world that found women to love them.
Jesus christ man, you need to talk to a therapist.
Stop worrying about whether or not other people will love you and work on getting yourself there first.
Am I not right?
What I said is the logical conclusion to what you said.
If women care about who we are as people, and women prefer numerous child molesters and rapists over me then I must be a worse person than all of those child molesters and rapists.
What's actually wrong with that?
It sounds like you have been reading incel propaganda.
It is a SCAM.
First thing to do is extricate yourself from that.
It may feel like it's making you stronger but it is destroying you.
&gt; It sounds like you have been reading incel propaganda.
I am an adult man and have no interest in spreading my misery to depressed teenagers.
I do not read incel materials or spend time on any of their communities so drop this fucking shit.
Well where are you getting this idea that women love delighting in the suffering of small penised-men?
That belief is based on how socially acceptable it is to publicly mock men with small dicks.
If women didn't hate men with small dicks and enjoy their suffering then it never would have become as accepted and widespread as it is today.
I also hear a lot of off-hand remarks from women about small dicks, consistently negative comments.
I never hear or see anything positive about small dicks from women, unless small dick men are basically begging them to.
I've heard as many men using dick size as a marker for masculinity as women, so I'm not sure women are as obsessed with it as you think they are.
I mean, yeah, some women make fun of small dicks the same way some guys make fun of roast beef curtain vaginas.
They're called assholes.
They should be ignored by everyone.
I don't know man, I'm 40, I'm fat, I didn't have sex between the ages of 23 and 39, I kinda gave up, then I met someone nice on the internet.
Also, before this one, the last guy I was head over heels painfully in love with, for like a year, was a 28 year old virgin who rejected ME.
For a girl he met online, who he is now married to.
Virginity certainly is not a dealbreaker for me and I can't be the only one.
Men wouldn't brag about having big dicks if women didn't make it known how much better they are.
If women went around talking about how great small dicks are then men would brag about how small their dicks are.
Its all womens fault.
Idk what I'm supposed to say to that 2nd paragraph tbh.
Doesn't seem relevant to my situation.
&gt;As far as I can tell, absolutely no women my age want anything to do with virgins.
You don't see how my second point is relevant?
&gt;Its all womens fault.
Yeah all my sympathy is gone.
Good luck homie.
You liked a virgin that wasn't in his 30s?
That proves me wrong?
Go on, explain how I lost your "sympathy" with that comment.
They're the ones that let everyone know big dicks are better, so how is it not womens fault?
Is the stuff women say and do mens fault?
No.
I tried to be nice to you even though I don't even know you, and you're not trying at all.
You don't deserve any more of my time.
Right, you can't actually challenge what I said.
I get it.

Summary: 
I must just be a terrible person.
Is the stuff women say and do mens fault?
Virginity certainly is not a dealbreaker for me and I can't be the only one.
Well... if this is true then I really am doomed.
Right, you can't actually challenge what I said.
Your virginity isnt the relatiionship.
It sounds like you have been reading incel propaganda.
You liked a virgin that wasn't in his 30s?
