Original Response: 
Jesus christ these comments are cancer.
Why?
because people like it when shitty people have shitty things happening to them?
That’s a thing to celebrate.
Voynov is cancer too though, so it fits.
He’s a cancer.
It's still a dude's livelihood being affected.
Because it's top all-time r/hockkeycirclejerk material.
So?
This guy is bottom of the barrel shithead.
It's no loss if his career is over.
He can go work in one of Russia's asbestos mines if he needs a new livelihood.
Jesus Christ dude.
Meh.
He ruined someone else's livelihood, which in return, gives me zero sympathie about his.
[deleted]
It is circle jerk material but I also don't get why people are playing devil's advocate to him now.
As do far too many spouses who get beat.
How does that make it any more acceptable?
Yeah, I don't understand why this thread is going more towards the "we're being too hard on him" direction.
Edit: the dude kicked his wife in the head, avoided jail time, got deported to Russia where he signed a lucrative KHL deal, won a gold medal and then made jokes about beating his wife, has zero remorse and is trying to come back to the NHL for more money.
People can circle jerk on that shit all day, acting like people are being unreasonable and playing devil's advocate against something like this is the wrong thing to play devil's advocate to.
He makes millions of dollars and lives a life of luxury.
Everything has come up roses for the guy, if the worst thing that happens is a bunch of people on Reddit circle jerking over it then let it be.
There's more opposition on this thread alone then I saw to the "Sakic is an idiot" circle jerk last summer and that's saying something.
I don't think anyone is, it's just honestly easy virtue signaling like people can sleep well at night knowing they hit their 'fuck voynov' quota for the day.
I mean I get the dislike but is his girlfriend your mother?
You're acting personally affected.
Yeah, if we're gonna circle jerk on something I'd rather it be Voynov then something "lol Chiarelli".
I don't think this is something that needs opposition towards it.
I just don't give a shit if some piece of crap like Voynov doesn't get the privileged life of a professional athlete.
To be fair, we are talking about someone who was sent to jail after beating his wife.
This isn't like calling Tanner Glass or John Scott the GOAT - He's genuinely done shitty things.
Maybe his mom got the shit beaten out of her and it's a touchy subject.
Maybe it's a topic he's passionate about.
Seriously, something bad could happen to the guy like getting a life threatening disease or him being paralyzed, and this entire sub will be happy about it.
There's a difference between him not getting a KHL deal and him getting paralyzed or having a life threatening disease.
I'm sure he'll be fine with his $4.1 million networth.
I have a hard time feeling sympathy on this one.
So can you tell me how you distinguish between "virtue signaling" and people who honestly believe Voynov can go fuck himself?
Believe me I get what he did was wrong, I’m not defending what he did.
I’m just saying people here would be happy if something really bad happened to him.
He can, but making brash comments incessantly in an effort to pat yourself on the back is just getting old.
It's less "we're being too hard on him" and more "this circlejerk is enough already".
That doesn't make it less of a circlejerk.
Is there?
I'm mostly seeing people say "fuck that guy"
Well what would be a more reasonable response to a post like this?
"Oh shit, that sucks for Voynov.
Hope the dude gets better or can sign a contract in the NHL".
Or "oh man, that's some horrible luck man.
He's a great hockey player, hope the Winnipeg Jets take advantage of this and sign him!
".
It was an insane downvote fest earlier.
No, he's a Capricorn.
There's always the option of just not posting and thus not contributing to the circlejerk.
Have you read the police report on what happened?
Because honestly after reading that I don’t really give a fuck what happens to him.
Well maybe that's a better response.
Just don't mention him here because obviously his name is dirt and no one gives a fuck about him.
No one wants him on their team or back in the NHL.
&gt;There's more opposition on this thread alone then I saw to the "Sakic is an idiot" circle jerk last summer and that's saying something.
Hamonic and a 1st for Duchene, never forget would have been the deal of a century.
Silence is the most appropriate response to Voynov.
Was he deported?
I was under the impression that he left willingly so that he didn't have to deal with probation and so that he could continue playing professional hockey.
Ah, good catch.
He was going to be deported, but he elected to leave willingly in order to not going through the entire proceedings, and didn't have to face probation.
In July of this year, his misdemeanour domestic abuse conviction was waived.
Edit: served 90 days.
[deleted]
Correct, he served 90 days.
[deleted]
This subreddit would probably celebrate if his family died in a plane crash.
Awful place.
It isn't that I'd be happy about it or that I'd wish it upon him but I definitely wouldn't feel sympathy for him.
There are too many good people in the world who have shit befall them to find sympathy for  Voynov's struggles.
No: continuing to be vocal about how his behavior was unacceptable is actually the most appropriate response.
Silence is why we live in a world where this kind of shit still happens routinely.
A circlejerk is an excessive proselytizing of an idea because it's satisfying or a fetish to do so.
Calling out a wife beater isn't exactly a celebration/fetish, it's kind of just common decency.
"Didn't happen to me/my life, so it's not important enough to get riled up over"

Not exactly helping the victims with that one.
I think you and I both give a shit - we both know he doesn't deserve that kind of luxury.
First they came for the domestic abusers and I did not speak out because I wasn't a domestic abuser.
Source on him making jokes about beating his wife?
And also, "kicking his wife in the head" wasn't proven as far as I'm aware.
IIRC the police created the entire case based off of what they assumed happened from her injuries.
There was cited, from multiple sources, to be a huge lapse in translation immediately after the events occurred.
Not sure why you're getting downvoted, I get the same sentiment.
Uhh, wishing ill on someone isn't "common decency".
Yeah man, making a point to bring the dude up and laugh about him instead of just letting him fade into obscurity is changing the world for the better.
Keep it up, warrior.
I bet a group of mimes would diddle each other at some point.
The dude is worth millions he is going to be fine.
If *wishing* ill was the worst thing people did to one another, we wouldn't even have this thread right now - it's too bad.
Edit: also, never said I wanted ill to fall on him, but he definitely doesn't deserve being able to laugh his situation off and continue to play one of the most privileged and lucrative jobs on planet Earth.
Yeah not really laughing over here mate.
Try to figure out how serious this subject is.
Whatever gets you through the day bud.
Nah his family probably doesn't suck, if he alone died in a plane crash I'd throw a party.
That's actually untrue, saw it 95% of my childhood but I don't go throwing tantrums on social media about people I don't know.
The point of this post is to go "haw haw Voynov can't get a KHL contract" and circlejerk over it, which is what's been happening.
Youre an awful human being.
You should be on the plane with him.
I never said it's the worst thing people did to one another, it just comes across as pretty spiteful to cheer when ill befalls someone.
Aw man you sure do love those domestic abusers don't ya.
Yeah.
Thats exactly what i was saying.
Well done.
where can i read more about him joking about it?
&gt; avoided jail time

Wrong.
Someone already pointed it out yesterday.
You're not special.
Neither are you.
You have such a uNiQuE aNd NuanCeD view on Voynov I'm surprised you weren't given a Nobel Peace Prize.
Thanks man, I bet you love em.
Sorry if I put down an idol.
He’s no idol of mine.
Him not being in the NHL doesn’t effect my life at all.
I’m sure his wife is feels super safe now that he is all but forced to continue his career outside of the NHL.
Naw, I get what you're saying.
"I have a totally more diverse opinion on the issue.
I can call people out for circle jerking because pfft me?
I don't get caught up in that stuff.
Virtue signalling, that's all it is.
Lol overreacting idiots.
Doesn't affect my life.
Never had anything like that happen to me, so why do I care?
Love the guy, won 2 cups for us" Yeah, yeah.
Patrick Roy.
Fuck that shit too.

Summary: 
Naw, I get what you're saying.
I don't get caught up in that stuff.
I can call people out for circle jerking because pfft me?
Thats exactly what i was saying.
Never had anything like that happen to me, so why do I care?
Believe me I get what he did was wrong, I’m not defending what he did.
Sorry if I put down an idol.
I have a hard time feeling sympathy on this one.
"Oh shit, that sucks for Voynov.
Virtue signalling, that's all it is.
I don't think this is something that needs opposition towards it.
That doesn't make it less of a circlejerk.
Whatever gets you through the day bud.
because people like it when shitty people have shitty things happening to them?
I mean I get the dislike but is his girlfriend your mother?
Not sure why you're getting downvoted, I get the same sentiment.
Silence is the most appropriate response to Voynov.
It is circle jerk material but I also don't get why people are playing devil's advocate to him now.
I’m just saying people here would be happy if something really bad happened to him.
