Original Response: 
[removed]
That could be bacteria with the blood and tissue discharge, in all honesty, I would see a gynecologist.
They will be able to perform a more thorough examination.
Oh man I am dreading this appointment I have to make so fucking much.
I know I have to see one eventually but it's so awful I feel sick just thinking about it.
In related news, is it really possible to have a vaginal infection for so many years and not have any other side effects other than period blood smell?
Get a Xanax and take half, also go to a woman who was recommended.
Also insist on a full STD work up while you’re there.
If you’re insecure about that just say your ex- boyfriend cheated.
Cover your bases.
You said “eventually” like you’ve never been there before.
I am so sad for women that fear the gyn.
I trust mine and am so comfortable with him that I wish he could be my primary doc as well.
It took me years of crying after appointments until I found him though.
Find someone you can see without fear.
Your lady parts need a doctor and they need one that deals with those issues all the time.
In my original post I mentioned a traumatic event I had where I was not in control over who had access to my privates, so now I don't want anyone to look at or touch them ever.
I know it's bad but I'm simultaneously trying to work on that stuff while trying to keep myself afloat in the world, very stressful.
I'm a virgin, so no problems there.
And what do you mean reccommended?
By who?
Don’t you know other young women in your area?
Or have a planned parenthood?
You’re really going to want a Xanax though.
Maybe go to a regular doctor and get that script sorted first?
I have a family member that almost died of ovarian cancer because she was afraid of the gynecologist.
Go.
It might just be a weird smell now but someday it’ll be something different.
It could be life or death.
Hah, no.
I'm a recluse.
But there is a Planned Parenthood nearby!
Is that a good place to go for help?
Also I didn't know you meant xanax for real, ahh so many doctors I have to see.
Right.
Time to be mature and healthy, like a grown adult.
No way I'm going to die a vagina related death!
They’re great about this stuff.
For my first exam, which would likely include a Pap smear, I’d try to score a Xanax to calm down.
That or a whole lot of tension tamer tea.

Summary: 
I am so sad for women that fear the gyn.
You’re really going to want a Xanax though.
It could be life or death.
I'm a virgin, so no problems there.
Or have a planned parenthood?
Is that a good place to go for help?
