Original Response: 
Can lost coins ever be purged or can bitcoin ever increase its total quantity of coins in circulation?
Technically correct answer 'yes', for all intents and purposes no.
Do you want the long answer?
Yes please, not without (hard or not) fork, right?
The BTC chain would need to be changed to have more coins and then everyone would need to agree to use the new chain.
It technically would not need to be forked but if this ever happened it would most likely be a hard fork as there will be many people opposing the change.
Anything about bitcoin can change, it is just code but changing the block-generation reward to allow more than an asymptotic limit of 21 million coins would require a hard fork.
It would be a contentious hard fork, because many people strongly believe that the original plan should not be changed to dilute existing coins and it wouldn't be "bitcoin" anymore.
Increasing the total supply is [one of the prohibited changes](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Prohibited_changes) .
As for the lost coins, they gone Buh-bye!
&gt; there will be many people opposing the change.
The *big majority*!
So there won't be such a change.
This guy is asking about the technicals... Can you not see that?
Didn't say you're wrong...
[deleted]
how?!
changing consensus rules like coin supply does require a hard fork.
The coins in excess of the original limit would not be visible to older clients, but they would still live on the same blockchain.
I personally wouldn't consider them to be *bitcoins*, but I could see how that might be debatable.
for a block to be valid (accepted by everyone, including the folks who dont update the software) it needs to have only 1 coinbase transaction, with a deterministic amount based on the block height.
you cant have more coins being included in a valid block... you need to hard fork the chain.
Your imagination is limited.
It's true that existing clients could not see or interact with the new coins, but that doesn't mean that new clients couldn't build a second set of tokens and operate them on the same block chain.
There are lots of potential ways the new coins could be implemented without breaking existing functionality.
For example, the coinbase for the new coin could be embedded in the coinbase for the original coin.
Please note, I am not advocating for any of this.
I think it's a terrible idea.
I'm only pointing out that it's technically possible (with some gross contortions).

Summary: 
So there won't be such a change.
&gt; there will be many people opposing the change.
Yes please, not without (hard or not) fork, right?
you cant have more coins being included in a valid block... you need to hard fork the chain.
