Original Response: 
My first 3 mods / Rebuildable atomizers.
Circa I don't know when (the A7 had just dropped)

&amp;#x200B;

[https://i.imgur.com/OoWrQ.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/OoWrQ.jpg)

&amp;#x200B;

I started with carto tanks and 306's, ended up on a joyetech penguin, and have vaped pretty much everything in between.
&amp;#x200B;

I've modded, I've diy'ed, I've made juice for a living, and I've been on this sub for 6 years (started vaping a year or so before that).
Some people on the discord expressed an interest in 'the history of vaping', so I'm happy to offer my perspective.
&amp;#x200B;

Any and all questions are welcome.
yeah,  i started around 2011/12 (with multiple failures in-between),  but certainly wasn't building at that point by a large margin.... how expensive were those kits back then?
Left to right:

&amp;#x200B;

the provape 14500 mod was probably over or around a hundred?
the phoenix clone on it was between 20 and 40 bucks.
&amp;#x200B;

Bolts were under 50 with the extension tube for 18650.
The atty on the right was an a7, which was fairly cheap, but the one in the middle is a chris creations fatty, which i own several variations on, and was probably around a hundred once i had it shipped from the phillipines (almost all the RDA's available at the time were filipino originals - chris creations, edz, and budz worx)
interesting,  thanks for the info....
I was just beginning back then and didn't know anyone into it,  and was just using crap,  how did you find this stuff and how difficult was it to obtain/order and whatnot...

getting from the phillipines and whatnot,  trusting sites,  .... going on recommendations from "few" instead of many....
I find this pretty damn interesting.
thanks for posting.
There weren't even recommendations at that point, was the thing.
Like on the chinese stuff yes, but you wanted to watch a video on edz it was some filipino kid on a potato cam in the dark blowing huge clouds.
Once I understood what RDA's COULD do from the phoenix, I was willing to take the leap of faith to try other things.
Drilling things out was the next step after that.
&amp;#x200B;

The IGO-L really revolutionized things, but thats another story.
&gt; There weren't even recommendations at that point, was the thing.
Yeah,  I can't imagine.... it was pioneer land... how did you first stumble upon it?
I think it was the old ECR vape room?
I just know once i saw rebuildables i was fascinated with being able to really dial in exactly what i wanted - VV wasn't a viable option, VW didn't exist at power....
/u/slumberland 

I actually still have some of the Igo-L's!
One is default, 1 is 2mm and the final is 3mm.
That might have been my first RDA.
Do you remember the one that used the Kanger Protank I/II base with the Kanger coils and the RDA lid screwed on top it?
I still have a few of those too.
I remember when the MVP2 came out and thought, "Who would want something that big?!?".
Damn thing still works, too.
mvp3 is a solid device yo.
no lie.
my mvp2 is officially deadles as i left it to drain to nothing as a usb powerbank....
I still use a kanger pro tank, the rebuildable deck on it is perfect for me.
I get around a .58 @ 24 watts on 9 wraps of 24 gauge and I can replace the wick on that in under 2 minutes.
the coil itself lasts for a good 3 to 6 months.
&gt; IGO-L

My IGO-L destroyed half a dozen chinese drill bits, good times.
there were a few batches where they definetely work hardened the air holes.
some batches drilled out like butter, some were a bit tougher.
Best non diy juices you've tried?
 Captivape makes several 'best in class' juices IMO, AVE and indigo make some of my favorite straight 'baccos, axiom's vision i love.
&amp;#x200B;

Its like finding an artist you like, or a movie reviewer who 'understands you' - there are people whose vision overlaps your vision of 'perfect'.
&amp;#x200B;

No one really makes the juice i vape (non salt high nic) so I haven't tried much thats come out in the last 2 years beyond finger tasting, and I'm not a fan of sweet juice which has dominated the market for too long :..(
Wondering if you've tried out the hit salts that are out there.
They got me totally off freebase.
The fast uptake of salt, but still decent throat hit.
I Vaped 18-30mg mostly MTL, but up to about 40 watts DL sometimes.
I run 25-40mg with the hit salts, where conventional salts at 60mg still left me wanting on throat feel.
Have you tried the new Boba's Bounty?
Is it similar to the old?
I haven't tried new bobas, but i didn't like old bobas.
graham cracker and prunes was what i got.
i have tried all of nudes salts, and all the salts from at least 2-3 other vendors.
I prefer freebase.
Solid!
I think the prune version was aroudn 2013.
That was the first of the many tweaks the juice went through after they couldn't source a key ingredient.
That version, and all the subsequent ones sucked.
I miss the old, &lt;2013 version :(
it was def pre change.
The other thing is bobas, and a lot of other AVE juices, change a LOT over time.
Bees Knees, which is my favorite from them, was best after 6 fuckin months.
LOL I just emailed them to see if they can do my nic level, but now I need some PG HYPE and  Bees Knees.

Summary: 
I still have a few of those too.
/u/slumberland 

I actually still have some of the Igo-L's!
I find this pretty damn interesting.
Damn thing still works, too.
I miss the old, &lt;2013 version :(
I think it was the old ECR vape room?
That might have been my first RDA.
Wondering if you've tried out the hit salts that are out there.
Best non diy juices you've tried?
