Original Response: 
Are there more people out there who think that morning sex is extremely underrated?
I mean, you're well rested, you're fresh, you have all the energy in the world plus you don't have any crap in your head from the entire day.
While at night, you could possibly be tired or not at your optimal level for a variety of reasons.
Not taking away anything from night time sex, but I feel morning sex doesn't get its due.
Anyone?
&gt;you're fresh

100% not how I would describe myself first thing in the morning.
It'd be hard to seriously communicate that I'm liking what she's doing while I'm simultaneously digging out those morning eye crusties.
That said, I'm totally in favor of the morning sexs.
My morning breath is horrible.
I have always wondered what people who partake in the morning sex do about this.
just don't kiss on the mouth?
[deleted]
usually our breath is equally bad so neither of us notice.
https://twitter.com/officialpryce/status/1042077812289667072?s=21.
I'll take any excuse to stay in bed.
Uh-um, no, you are really not good to go after swishing a little water around in your mouth in the morning....
When you're horny enough you won't even notice it.
Not all positions are face to face :)
Reverse cowgirl and/or doggy.
All of the fun without breathing on each other.
I don't think morning sex necessarily mean you can go priory to the bathroom..
1.
Walk to the bathroom
2.
Brush teeth
3.
?
????
4.
Profit.
This guy morning-sexes.
I loooove morning sex, I’m slightly unaware and still sleepy and then oooo warm yummy feelings,  my partner is stroking my skin and then tingles they are caressing my breasts and rubbing my clit.
I’m caught in a fog and the all the sudden bang!
There’s a cock inside me and I’m so awake.
It varies depending on the type of toothpaste you use.
I generally have 3-4 different toothpastes on hand (I have a weird tongue issue, can't use the same stuff every day) but only 1 of them keeps my mouth in a state resembling "fresh" until the morning.
I imagine this is probably also different for different people.
You brilliant bastard.
There's a very wide range of bacterial concentrations in the mouth for our species.
There's almost certainly a good chunk of people with minimal morning breath, a little water to freshen up and they'll pass muster for a quickie in the morning with an interested party.
No one here has heard of Listerine strips?
Two of those, plus a glass of water, and you're good to go.
Well maybe not for the whole day, but definitely would suffice for an am bone.
[deleted]
But the point of morning sex is being lazy and comfy!
Getting out of bed =|= lazy or comfy.
I'm a firm believer that when both people have morning breath it's like offsetting penalties.
Ignored.
Keep mints on the bedside.
Provided you're brushing your teeth well at night, it's mostly just stale spit in there.
Try not consuming sugar or things that break down into sugars in your saliva.
You're feeding your oral biome, which you're gonna do pretty much no matter what, but for some reason sugar feeds the disgusting ones.
Care for your bacteria!
Don't breathe 😅.
[deleted]
Breathmints by the bedside.
Sounds like an ambient/shoe-gaze band actually.
1.
Keep glass of water on night stand
2.
Chug water in the morning
3.
Enjoy the freshhhnesss.
[deleted]
Drink water!
Seriously if you just have one big sip of water it will get rid of your morning breath.
You should have water next to the bed anyways.
Using Closys or a similar breath mouthwash the night before all.but eliminates morning breath.
You'll notice you're just a bit dry in the morning but minimal bad taste.
I've used closys for years and it's great.
Which one keeps your breath fresh that long?
Mine wears off by the end of the day, so if I have a long work day I end up not feeling super fresh.
You go from behind fam, spooning is life.
Sexual arousal is actually well known to inhibit the disgust reflexes we have, so this is likely very true!
Yeah you must be a morning person OP.
I'll have morning sex bit it's not my fav.
I don't feel sexy or even awake until I've had my coffee.
Lol.
I get up and brush my teeth then go back to bed.
Exactly which is why morning sex isn't my fav lol.
We brush our teeth first nowadays.
We used to be able to ignore morning breath but familiarity breeds contempt.
There are some that can get away with it, as long as like the other user mentioned, you brush and floss right before bed without consuming anything afterwards.
Smokers, people with cavities or bad gums, tend to have worse breath.
Drinking water, a dry mouth is a stinking hole.
Nice analogy, HAHA.
“Those penalties offset.
Replay, first down!”.
Here's my move.
I wake up to go pee.
Then mouthwash.
But here's the trick.
You leave some mouthwash in there.
When you go to make out.
Slip a little into her mouth.
If she asks your tongue was just slobbery.
Boom.
Got her!
[deleted]
[deleted]
Colgate MaxFresh Knockout.
It comes in a purple box.
It burns a looot.
I have a pack of gum next to the bed.
Spoon usually.
Maybe eating less sugar and flossing every day will help.
I spoon fuck her (from behind).
It's my favorite anyway and it feels kind of dirty because she very well could be sleeping when I start touching her or when I start to penetrate.
I love going very slow.
Little chance of either of us catching much of our morning breath :-)
Sex from behind!!
Morning sex is what the lazy dog (what we call spooning doggy style) position was made for!
!
We've never noticed it much.
The only exception is when we wake up dehydrated (perhaps after a night out of drinking or something- alcohol, that is) or if we forget to brush our teeth for whatever reason.
Otherwise neither of us taste or smell very strongly.
It might not be minty fresh, but it's fine.

Summary: 
My morning breath is horrible.
Chug water in the morning
3.
I wake up to go pee.
I'll have morning sex bit it's not my fav.
I love going very slow.
I spoon fuck her (from behind).
I have always wondered what people who partake in the morning sex do about this.
I get up and brush my teeth then go back to bed.
But the point of morning sex is being lazy and comfy!
I have a pack of gum next to the bed.
just don't kiss on the mouth?
Exactly which is why morning sex isn't my fav lol.
You should have water next to the bed anyways.
Getting out of bed =|= lazy or comfy.
Which one keeps your breath fresh that long?
Slip a little into her mouth.
