Original Response: 
wait... GP racer's use the rear brake?
Are you actually being serious?
Very.
Who the hell uses the rear brake?
People who know how to ride lol.
People who are way faster than you'll ever be, apparently.
Oh really?
Ask anyone who races motorcycles on the track and ask them if they use the rear brake at all.
You are asking the wrong people.
On the track the rear brake can be used at high lean angles to allow the rider to  maintain throttle/weight transfer while keeping  and/or slightly tightening the line with a gentle application.
Also used to keep the speed differential of the F/R wheels correct when backing it in from high speed to low speed corners  Alot of GP riders however do not use it, or some like petrucci use a thumb brake for the rear for a more precise feel.
Lots also ALWAYS keep it steel, not carbon disc so it's not as 'rough' and that's why it's so small (and so vented/slotted) to reduce it's effectiveness, making it apply more gently.
Riders like Kevin Schwantz won the 500GP world championship, and never touched the rear brake.
And back then, the bikes were at the pinnacle of "analogue" development, the wildest, most powerful and arguably most difficult to ride motorcycles- ever.
Before any type of electronic wizardry, riders could "over-ride" the bikes... (much like how we frequently see Marquez do now- but with the help of advanced traction control, anti lift control, lean angle and suspension travel sensors and about 30 more sensors all over the bike feeding into a very advanced onboard computer) ....but their skill was pure balls, bravery,  and technique, since there was no assistance, it was all down to the rider to feel the sliding.
Anyway, it's a preference.
When you see the riders coming down from 200MPH on the straights into the first turn, scrubbing off 100-150MPH of speed with the back wheel inches in the air- they are not using the rear brake.
Their feet are off the peg (doctor's dangle) and already starting to turn in.
Using the rear brake would be disastrous.
It's only used at the high levels of racing for the things I mentioned in the start of this post.
Exactly, thank you for this.
People don't realize the rear's aren't used much, if at all, except in certain circumstances.
Street riders wouldn't know this because of their self-righteous bullshit.
Some racers choose to use it to alter their line.
Anyone who races motorcycles is usually aware of what the rear brake can offer.
Most just decide that the benefits aren’t worth the attention and precision required.
Yes I am aware of this.
Seems the people who downvoted and apparently in awe of my comment, aren't.
Hence why I thought it would be odd to add specilaty cooling ducts for the rears.
There are no motogp bikes that have no rear brake.
So everyone uses it.
Some have bigger rear brake rotors because their riding style requires it.
Others have a tiny rear brake rotor because they use it very little.
[deleted]
Wait what?
I've been racing for a few years now and I don't think I've ever met anyone fast who trail brakes with the rear.
The rear is used pretty much just as /u/nidyanazo said above, to adjust lines mid corner, to help control the back end while backing it in, and some use it to control front end lift while powering out of the corner.
But the actual braking, including trail braking, is done with the front.
Love that you’re being downvoted.
Rear brake is rarely used at anything other than the highest levels of racing.
Guys in your local league probably go months without touching their rear brake.
Lmao no it’s not, what the actual fuck?
You’ve been talking to the wrong people.
To add to what's already been said and to stay on rear brake and engineering, some riders have a thumb lever on right side of the handlebars to have a better control on right turn.
That's why you'll see two brake fluid tanks on onboard cam.
That's why motogp has extra cooling for the rear brake right?
Because they are never used?

Summary: 
Using the rear brake would be disastrous.
Who the hell uses the rear brake?
Because they are never used?
There are no motogp bikes that have no rear brake.
wait... GP racer's use the rear brake?
Others have a tiny rear brake rotor because they use it very little.
That's why motogp has extra cooling for the rear brake right?
