Original Response: 
[deleted]
I've never wanted someone to lose money like in this moment.
I hope all bears lose their money.
Without bears the market would collapse due to hyperinflation, money needs to change hands once in awhile.
[deleted]
&gt;I hope all bears lose their money.
Mentality of a 3 year old.
Ah the old "he doesn't understand markets" remark.
He simply said he hopes shorts get rekt, this has nothing to do with understanding anything.
[deleted]
Haha you're a real wanker.
He's not sharing an opinion, he HOPES they get liquidated.
Are you retarded?
And now you presume to know what MY portfolio looks like?
Talk about an opinionated ignoramus.
[deleted]
Saying "I hope it rains tomorrow" is not the same as having the opinion it will rain.
Fool.
[deleted]
inflation is expansion of monetary supply.
Okay so what exactly did his "opinion" of the weather tell you?
And now tell me how his "opinion" of the market reflects his lack of knowledge?
I'll wait...
[deleted]
Well done, you're right, this is all YOUR opinion.
It took some work, but you got there eventually.
[deleted]
No, I'm not stating opinions.
You don't know what he understands and nothing in his comment would tell you otherwise.
I can however say you're a demonstrable monkey.
Yep, sorry i used the wrong word, what i meant was the market would be overbought.
No one is in control of the price movement, whether it goes down or up, just be patient, look a few years down the road.
I hope that becauze if a short squeeze happens, btc would rally.
I didn't say "I hope all bears to die", but "lose money".
It's different: if bears lose money, it means taht btc is sky-rocketing.
Bears are only really bears in a bear market, they follow the trend they don't make it.
Although they contribute by shorting, theyre in it with the technicals.
That's not the definition people generally use on this subreddit.
The inflation in Venezuela is something like 1 million percent, but they didn't just print one million percent more dollars, the currency inflated for other reasons.
The definition of inflation most commonly used seems to be the devaluing of a currency.
So if Bitcoin crashes by 50%, it has inflated 100%.
Why not make money both ways?
It's not like being a bear makes the price go down...
&gt; but they didn't just print one million percent more dollars

Yes they did.
So you think the inflation of the Venezualan bolivar is directly related to how many actual bolivairs the government has created?
I mean inflation certainly increases when they create more, but it isn't the only factor.
You said the currency inflated for other reasons.
But money printing definitely contributed to it.
That’s all I’m saying.
&lt;Edit&gt; People think money has some magical properties that no other good has, which is not true, it has the exact same economical properties as every other good.
&lt;/Edit&gt;


There are really only 2 factors that effect inflation:

- Supply of Money
- Demand of Money

If the supply stays the same, but people don't want it, the valuation of it drops, causing inflation.
If the supply increases, and the demand stays the same, it's valuation drops, causing inflation.
The US Dollar is rising in valuation to other currencies despite "printing" more.
This is because there is a demand for the US Dollar since there are several other currencies starting to go into a crisis at the moment.
The demand is out weighing the supply of the US Dollar.
Venezuela is getting hit on both sides.
Increasing supply and dropping in demand, thus causing the hyperinflation.
&lt;Edit&gt;
The printing of money is directly related to Venezuela's socialist policies.
They guarantee things for their citizens but can't afford it because they don't bring in enough taxes.
To pay for these policies, they borrow or print more money causing the supply to increase.
This increase in supply and the world looking at venezuela's economy crapping out from these economic policies (lowering demand) is what is crashing their currency.
On top of the US Dollar denominated debt rather than Bolivar Denominated Debt.
This is why the US is basically the only country that can print their way out of debt, no other country can really do this.
&lt;/Edit&gt;
I agree with you, money printing definitely contributed, but, in the definition of inflation that we generally use on this subreddit and elsewhere, it is not a requirement.
It is possible for a currency to experience inflation without the actual monetary supply expanding very much (and this has happened over the last several months with Bitcoin).
All I am saying is that you can't simply define inflation as "expansion of monetary supply".

Summary: 
I hope all bears lose their money.
inflation is expansion of monetary supply.
&gt;I hope all bears lose their money.
But money printing definitely contributed to it.
The demand is out weighing the supply of the US Dollar.
You said the currency inflated for other reasons.
Why not make money both ways?
I didn't say "I hope all bears to die", but "lose money".
It's not like being a bear makes the price go down...
Increasing supply and dropping in demand, thus causing the hyperinflation.
