Original Response: 
I have finally accepted that women have variable opinions on the size of a man's member.. it is liberating for a slightly smaller guy....
I wish I could have accepted this years ago......I never believed women could be satisfied by my penis or that size doesnt matter for some women.
Do you think men with slightly smaller members should have a talk with a woman he is about to sleep with before the act about his penis ?
or maybe before things get too serious ?
( Please mention if you are male or female if you answer this question )
&gt; Do you think men with slightly smaller members should have a talk with a woman he is about to sleep with before the act about his penis ?
or maybe before things get too serious ?
100% no, unless she specifically asks about it.
Why not?
Can you please explain?
Because it comes across as extremely insecure and thats not particularly sexy to most women.
[deleted]
Why is there nothing to be confident about?
Dont make the 'issue' bigger than it is.
It honestly isnt a big deal or dealbreaker most of the Times.
&gt;Why is there nothing to be confident about?
Uh, it's kind of obvious why...
Yep, I agree.
And if they do ask.
Depending on how they go about it, they will be shown the door.
Personal policy.
Size doesn't matter as much as you think it does.
It's only an issue if you make it one, or if your partner is a terribly selfish person.
I disagree, let them know beforehand to save embarrassment so they know what to expect.
As a woman if a guy told me his dick size before we were literally in the process of hooking up, he would drastically reduce his chances of that ever happening.
It’s too soon and inappropriate to tell me any other time, and if we’re about to have sex then I’ll find out soon anyway, so why bother?
It would be like someone telling me they love going down on women on a date; yes that’s a good trait, but the fact that you think it’s appropriate to tell me (a person you haven’t slept with who you just recently met) is a bad one.
Nothing selfish about liking big dicks.
Plus, a lot of people are a lot more easily influenced than they would think.
She might not consider it on the smaller side until you out it in her head.
If a woman sat you down because her breasts weren't very big, you'd be more focused on her telling you that than the "reality of it" on its own.
You don't want to upset the mood or momentum of the moment with an unnecessary disclaimer like that.
&amp;nbsp;    
(If a woman took off her shirt and a guy started laughing because "they weren't big enough" that dude would be a jerk.
Same applies to a woman doing that to a dude, and you don't want to sleep with someone who can be that openly cruel anyway.)

Summary: 
Why is there nothing to be confident about?
Nothing selfish about liking big dicks.
Size doesn't matter as much as you think it does.
&gt;Why is there nothing to be confident about?
or maybe before things get too serious ?
