Original Response: 
I don’t get how the Mormon Church doesn’t realize how bad this looks to non-Mormons?
Don’t they have a PR team?
Sam has been operating on sound bites.
But his research is unsupported, he distorts what facts he does present by making outlier cases sound like the norm, and he has enlisted every foe of the LDS Church of any internet notoriety possible.
It was pretty obvious that excommunication was going to happen.
The key moment was when he said he was “a Mormon Bishop speaking with the authority of a Mormon Bishop.”  Mormon Bishops don’t have any authority when they’re not called to actively lead a congregation, which he hasn’t been for at least a decade.
He then “invited Jesus” to sit with him next to the temple in Salt Lake during his protests.
It got very strange.
Sure seems like a lot of outlier cases.
And shouldn’t you have policies in place to prevent these outlier cases from happening?
Seriously though, why do those questions need to be asked at all?
Why do children need to be interviewed alone with these men?
If you believe in the Holy Spirit, don’t you believe in the Holy Spirit convicting people of sin so these questions aren’t necessary?
You aren’t exactly changing my mind here.
It just comes across as smearing him in order to justify the actions of your church.
As a non-Mormon it just looks to me as if your leadership is trying to shut him up for protesting what sounds like pretty dodgy interviews with children.
All of his accusations have been supported by documents and testimony from people who have experienced abused first hand.
They are typically very concerned with PR, but I think in this case they are more concerned about the opinions of tithe paying members.
IMO they want to discredit him in the eyes of the believing members and that's worth the short term bad PR, since it'll marginalize ProtectLDSChildren in the long run if members are discouraged from openly supporting it.
Excommunication is a local decision, not one from headquarters.
We also believe that excommunication is not an end, but a sometimes necessary part of the path for repentance.
The worth of souls is far greater than making sure to not look bad.
How many people do you honestly think will hear about this out aide of the faithful members who believe in the church?
It looks like a few dozen here and a few dozen there.
What does he need to repent of?
Because from the viewpoint of an outsider it looks like he’s getting excommunicated so that the leadership doesn’t look bad.
Trying to frame it as saving souls just seems sleazy.
To be honest I only know about this because of the internet.
Mormonism is non-existent around where I live.
So that’s a good point.
And yet their population still grows every year (though that might just be their reported official number)
Do you really believe the first presidency was hands off in this process?
If so, I’ve got some golden plates I’d like to sell you.
Actually their growth rate has been slowing down: https://religionnews.com/2018/04/13/mormon-growth-continues-to-slow-especially-in-the-u-s/

This makes sense.
There are huge tracts of the US where Mormonism is basically non-existent.
They only seem to be concentrated in a few areas.
My LDS in-laws and other LDS acquaintances haven't even uttered a word of it.
I'm not surprised, though.
&gt;The worth of souls is far greater than making sure to not look bad.
Do you mean the worth of the souls being forced to go through these explicit interviews and other things of a graver nature or the worth of the excommunicated person's soul?

Summary: 
It looks like a few dozen here and a few dozen there.
Don’t they have a PR team?
Sure seems like a lot of outlier cases.
The worth of souls is far greater than making sure to not look bad.
Mormonism is non-existent around where I live.
&gt;The worth of souls is far greater than making sure to not look bad.
