Original Response: 
I (f37) adore my husband.
He's an absolutely wonderful human being.
I also pretty much worship his penis.
I love it!
I'm always asking him to show it off to me and I'm always feeling him up!
When we spoon at night, I reach over and like to fall asleep with his dick in my hand.
I wonder if he actually enjoys being constantly groped (not in public, btw.
I have some decorum!).
Do guys enjoy this type of behaviour?
We're both very sexual people and we have a lot of sex.
I'm ignoring the description of the question on purpose.
I think most guys would like to be objectified.
There is a happy middle ground when it comes to objectification.
I think some women underestimate how lonely the world can seem to men.
I for one, can't tell if I am attractive.
Nobody has ever objectified me in any way and it's left me really unsure of myself.
On the other hand, I'd say most men would probably underestimate how irritating it would be to have people staring at you lustfully all the time.
You would know how attractive you are but at what cost?
Either too much attention or you know why you're not getting much.
I feel you, I remember when I got my hair cut short (I’d had it long for a very long time) I was walking around London and had a bunch of girls staring at me and my only thought was “have I got something on my face?
Is there something wrong with me” didn’t even consider it might be them finding me attractive :(
This is spot on.
It seems like the whole "dating game" makes it look like a man can seduce a woman through actions and not through "being".
We get told to suck it up, to be emotionless and pretty much to "convince" women into liking us because "The Man" has to do that.
I am above average physically and very fit, yet of all the women of my life, only two have ever said to me I have a nice ass and stuff like that.
Compliments are always about how funny, attentive, smart or whatever other quality they see in you, which yes, is nice, but makes you think you could be a ethereal being of pure energy a-la Futurama and it would not make a difference.
Then someone tells you you are gorgeous and wants you to be her toy tonight.
And you just melt.
She lusts for you, the same way you lust for her and wants a piece of you.
THAT'S sexy.
Bonus points if you compliment someone for stuff they had to work on.
My eyes?
I was born with that.
My abs?
I pretty much kill myself doing waterpolo and complimentary fitness for those.
Even I friggin like them when I look myself in the mirror, why don't you.
Most women hesitate to compliment men on their physical features out of fear that he will think we want to be with him.
There are tons of guys I find very attractive, but I’m also super uncomfortable rejecting someone when they show interest in me (don’t want to hurt their feelings) so I usually keep it to myself rather than risk them thinking I’m flirting and that I am interested in them romantically.
I have these same feelings as a woman when it comes to my husband.
He will grope me, but not actually compliment me.
If I ask his opinion he says “you’re fine the way you are dear” which feels patronizing.
I’ve been told I have pretty eyes and it made me feel so good.
I asked him if he liked my eyes...his response word for word “I don’t know, they’re brown I guess”.
What does that even mean?
I worked on my body for a year (before getting very sick and landing in the hospital) and got no feedback from him.
It’s crushing sometimes thinking my work isn’t even making an impact on him.
Edit* don’t not DuPont.
Went through THIS exact same experience.
Understandable.
The context was more about people that were already sexually involved, but I'll buy your premise.
Isn't the same for both sexes?
As in, compliments and flirting being a tricky game.
You just don't go around flirting with all your friends of the flavour you are attracted to.
Just got a compliment about my body build yesterday in kickboxing.
It was in context, didn't come off as sexual and seemed fine.
I also complimented her, it was impressive because she had enough strength to be threatening and had a properly balanced physique, not all banking on legs.
That straight up sucks.
It must feel great when some coworker says 'hey /u/CurvyGurlGW you look so changed , &lt;insert compliment&gt;' yet you got it denied from him.
Can't comment more, don't know him or you.
What happens to me is women will say nothing good about me ever, then whenever a threshold is passed i'm some kind of perfect god that came to this world.
Both ends are bad, one because you don't feel valuable and the other because you'd like to be human and with a regular sized ego :/
It's a catch 22, we think you're flirting with us because we generally don't receive compliments from women and we don't receive compliments because [women] don't want to risk appearing to have flirted when they were just being kind.
I think women feel the same way about men too.
It feels like the only time men compliment us is when they want to date or sleep with us.
[deleted]
I know exactly how you feel.
As human beings it’s nice to receive compliments on our physical attributes.
It makes us feel valued and appreciated.
It feels like wanting that is superficial but it’s just how we’re programmed.
I’m a person who gives praise freely.
It not only makes the receiver feel good but it also makes me feel good for making someone else smile.
I’m sorry you’re in a similar situation as I am.
I imagine you’re pretty amazing and deserve to feel that way.
Thank you for your reply :)
The sad thing is that abs are one of the few things that a lot of women WILL compliment in private with their friends.
It's such a shame that people in general don't feel comfortable complimenting others more - women, often out of fear of being hit on for it or being "too much", and men for fear of coming across as "creepy" - these things are valid concerns of course but it's still a shame that it means we compliment less.
I'm an open book so I compliment my man non-stop (he's a freaking 12/10 to me it's kind of sad how obsessed I am with his body and looks), and men deserve that.
I'm sure your abs are sexy as hell mate and it takes a lot of hard work to get abs, so nice work!
Chin up :D.
Thanks for the words, it was more of a rethorical question to drive the point across, sorry if it came off as fishing for compliments.
Got some deficiencies in my lumbar disks, which prompted me to go all in into getting stronger core/back muscles.
Some time after that I noticed my then partner started focusing on the abs in foreplay and while at it, running her hands up and down with shiny eyes.
So yeah, she craved it but she wouldn't say.
The complain is, why do I have to get steamy hearing I am considerate, open and whatnot if it's clear she finds certain parts of me arousing.
I am a confident bastard.
If something one of my struggles is to keep my ego in check.
Gotta run an extra inner voice that mocks the best man to ever grace the earth with "and also the humblest" :P.
Understandable, feeling liked is attractive itself and fuels a cycle of love which leads up to great sex :P

Nah, I rate off the charts in assertiveness/confidence.
That doesn't mean I dislike compliments, I just have to be wary of them not inflating an already big ego.
I don't need to be praised as I have my own fuel (still arouses me heavily tho), but some balance between body and mind would be lovely.

Summary: 
I was born with that.
I know exactly how you feel.
I am a confident bastard.
I think women feel the same way about men too.
I have these same feelings as a woman when it comes to my husband.
I think most guys would like to be objectified.
I (f37) adore my husband.
I for one, can't tell if I am attractive.
Even I friggin like them when I look myself in the mirror, why don't you.
He will grope me, but not actually compliment me.
I also pretty much worship his penis.
It makes us feel valued and appreciated.
I think some women underestimate how lonely the world can seem to men.
