Original Response: 
I just have a question about pads and stuff and I'm wondering if it's okay to ask here?
Only if you call it a "question mark"
Haha I see what you did there ;)
Thank you, thank you.
Is this where I take a bow?
A courtsey, perhaps, would be more apropos.
Yes ma'am (or sir lol), right here, be my guest.
It'd be my honor

*sir takes a courtsey*
Damn, I should've filmed it!
What for?
Then you'd ruin experiencing it for yourself.
"In a car you're always in a compartment, and because you're used to it you don't realize that through that car window everything you see is just more TV.
You're a passive observer and it is all moving by you boringly in a frame.
On a cycle the frame is gone.
You're completely in contact with it all.
You're in the scene, not just watching it anymore, and the sense of presence is overwhelming."
-Robert Pirsig, *Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance*
Why is this actually so true though?
It DOES seem like on a bicycle, I feel like more happy and it just feels so much better overall.
And it's also true that filming stuff sometimes does ruin the experience.
Like you're more concentrated on how it's going to look to other people and on the video, than just concentrating on the moment.
You have made my day my man!
Thanks!
Keep being a great person.
FISTBUMP 👊!
Let me respond with another quote from the same source

"The truth knocks on the door and you say, "Go away, I'm looking for the truth," and so it goes away.
Puzzling."
Edit: sorry I was rude, FISTBUMP 👊.
Wow.
This dude is hella smart.
He seems to notice what most people don't.
I think the meaning of this quote is that, the truth can be right in front of us and we choose to ignore it, seeking a different truth that we do not want to accept.
Is there a website that has compiled a list of all his quotes?
I like this dude.
Both the quotes are from the same book.
I highly recommend reading it.
You can just google quotes from the book, and they are very valuable, but reading the book itself really pays off.
It's very dry at times, and it become more difficult to read as you go because he delves more and more into the concepts, but there's so much to take away from it.
I've made a habit of reading it every couple of years because each time I do, there's something I get out of it that I didn't before.
But here's a pretty good list of quotes anyway

https://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/175720-zen-and-the-art-of-motorcycle-maintenance.
And this is, perhaps, my favorite quote

"To the untrained eye ego-climbing and selfless climbing may appear identical.
Both kinds of climbers place one foot in front of the other.
Both breathe in and out at the same rate.
Both stop when tired.
Both go forward when rested.
But what a difference!
The ego-climber is like an instrument that’s out of adjustment.
He puts his foot down an instant too soon or too late.
He’s likely to miss a beautiful passage of sunlight through the trees.
He goes on when the sloppiness of his step shows he’s tired.
He rests at odd times.
He looks up the trail trying to see what’s ahead even when he knows what’s ahead because he just looked a second before.
He goes too fast or too slow for the conditions and when he talks his talk is forever about somewhere else, something else.
He’s here but he’s not here.
He rejects the here, he’s unhappy with it, wants to be farther up the trail but when he gets there will be just as unhappy because then *it* will be “here”.
What he’s looking for, what he wants, is all around him, but he doesn’t want that because it *is* all around him.
Every step’s an effort, both physically and spiritually, because he imagines his goal to be external and distant."
Not gonna lie, this quote has me completely confused.
XD.
Well, see, that's why you need to read the source.
This quote meant a lot to me.
I must've read it a dozen times, but out of context of the source, I don't know how well it translates.
Even when I was reading the book, everytime I read it, there are so many times where I read a passage and I think "wait, what?"
And I either read it again and again, or I just close the book and contemplate what the hell I just read.
Hmm, what book is this from again?
Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert Pirsig.
Thanks!
I'm going to check it out!
Don't thank me.
Thank super shitfaced me.

Summary: 
Both the quotes are from the same book.
Haha I see what you did there ;)
I highly recommend reading it.
Is this where I take a bow?
Hmm, what book is this from again?
Damn, I should've filmed it!
He’s here but he’s not here.
He rests at odd times.
I'm going to check it out!
You're completely in contact with it all.
