Original Response: 
&gt; "Malcolm has got to go," Mr Murdoch told Mr Stokes, according to multiple re-tellings of the conversation, relayed back to Mr Turnbull by Mr Stokes.
&gt; Mr Stokes told Mr Murdoch that rolling Mr Turnbull would deliver government to Labor, that the industrial relations landscape would see the likes of the CFMEU thrive.
&gt; Mr Murdoch's reply?
One version, told to the ABC, is that Mr Murdoch told Mr Stokes:

&gt; "We have got to get rid of Malcolm.
If that's the price of getting rid of him then I can put up with three years of Labor."
&gt;A remarkably similar version was told to the Australian Financial Review.
In it, Mr Murdoch told Mr Stokes: "They'll only be in for three years — it won't be so bad.
I did alright under Labor and the Painters and Dockers; I can make money under Shorten and the CFMEU."
Fuuuuuck you Murdoch you absolute shit.
Let's hope he's wrong about the three year time frame.
On many issues, we as a country have stagnated under the coalition.
They've been in for half a decade.
We can't afford to have them reelected until they change their current model and introduce policies that benefit the country.
Specifically the electorates that they claim to represent.
End of rant.
He thinks it'll only be three years because all of his media outlets will be hammering the Labor government from day one.
It will be even more vicious than last time, as Murdoch is desperate to finish his vision of destroying progressiveness before he old age claims him.
Well he tried it last time and Labor still got 6 years.
&gt; Let's hope he's wrong about the three year time frame.
Murdoch has considerably less power than the bad old days when the media barons reigned supreme.
News corp is a parody of its former self.
Also he's getting old and senile and the heirs aren't exactly rocket surgeons.
Fuck I hope you're right.
Surely he must be close to carking it.
Well, you say that, but then read the article in the post you're commenting on...
https://isrupertmurdochdead.com/ is a very useful resource to stay up to date on this issue.
Well I saw him In an extended TV interview recently about tech/social media etc and he was astonishingly freakin switched on and across all sorts of paradigms, platforms, etc etc - sure, someone prolly schooled him but he was very sharp and in the zone...
Not till we find all the fucking horcruxes.
He's only really old and senile when he's been cross examined in court and/or the media over possible crimes by his underlings.
Made a surprising recovery since.
Can you get notifications so we know when to party?
His son is worse.
Not even an Australian citizen and he has way more influence over Australian politics than anyone.
Surely young Joffrey Murdoch will be less effective at steering the News Corp ship, at least.
[deleted]
[deleted]
&gt;Also he's getting old and senile

He's not even remotely senile, what the fuck are you talking about?
You'd be unpleasantly surprised in that case.
Anyone 50 and older is generally getting most of their news from traditional sources like television, radio, and newspapers.
Three years of hard campaigning against Labor will cause instability, and drive popular opinion.
We've had decades of essentially propaganda against welfare recipients, higher taxes, refugees, budget deficits, government investment, the public service, and pro-US messaging that people just accept the mainstream media narrative without much question.
A prime example of this background noise is people's opinion of Bill Shorten.
People don't like him without actually being able to articulate exactly why.
Or the NBN prior to the 2013 election.
A lot of people thought it was an expensive waste of money without having any detailed reasoning.
That's the power of the mainstream media and how it can shape people's thinking subconsciously.
It's a mental osmosis of certain ideas through sheer volume and consistent droning of variations of the same thing over time.
It's quite, quite insidious.
just another reminder his mum nearly made it to 104.
I don't get why he cares, he'll be 90-93+ year old by time the Libs are back in if they lose.
Why is he still trying to get favourable tax concessions and stop unions?
Is he worried he wont have enough for retirement?
Our model of democracy, and the ownership of our media, do not make for a very good democracy.
I think we're just going to get more like America.
And that fucking sucks.
I'm young twenties and people conflate socialism with ... tyranny.
Maybe my friends are retarded but on the whole we are deteriorating.
He wants to leave a legacy.
A permanent legacy to be told throughout history.
And sadly, he's succeeded.
Yeah I think you are unfortunately massively miscalculating things there.
The Project as an example reaches a certain target demographic, but has nothing on the widespread influence that the Murdoch's trash has.
Despite supporting the LNP, Murdoch's stable didn't really go that hell for leather at the last QLD election, not like they have on different issues and during different election periods in Australia, perhaps because they knew that the LNP with Tim Nichols as leader still stunk so much of the Newman government that they had little hope of winning.
The Murdoch stable has a significant influence, that in my opinion is becoming more pervasive.
They had a huge influence on bringing down Turnbull's government and forcing a shift of the party to the right through repeatedly just beating the Australian public over the head with the same lines delivered over and over again by their dime a dozen mouthpieces.
These quotes from /u/a_cold_human and incredibly bang on the money.
&gt;A prime example of this background noise is people's opinion of Bill Shorten.
People don't like him without actually being able to articulate exactly why.
Or the NBN prior to the 2013 election.
A lot of people thought it was an expensive waste of money without having any detailed reasoning.
&gt;That's the power of the mainstream media and how it can shape people's thinking subconsciously.
It's a mental osmosis of certain ideas through sheer volume and consistent droning of variations of the same thing over time.
It's quite, quite insidious.
It is repeatedly discussed as fact at how unlikable Shorten supposedly is and the more this gets repeated, the more people just go along with the idea that Shorten is unlikable.
It the vibe of the things for much of the electorate and self-fulfilling prophecies occur all the time.
The media tell people that someone is on the nose and unlikable and people often just got along with that herd perception.
Sort of how you get those poor unpopular people at high school who are unpopular largely because they are unpopular.
I think it is massively concerning that clearly Murdoch and his empire, including his failed but perhaps even further to the right son now seem to be wanting to ramp up their dominance of the media in Australia.
The Murdoch's, the trumps and like are very good at championing the people.
Whereas the "left" are focused on ideals, ideas and outcomes.
So tech savvy that he's on reddit.
What is his involvement in UK, I thought he was big in US and OZ, but UK had blocked him a bit.
It is just the Sun isn't it, do people take that seriously (?)
Try 70 years.
The only bright spots in our economic history have been them getting the turbo punt out of office and the small windows that Labor has had to work with.
What use is power if one doesn't wield it?
He wants what all megalomaniacal conquerors throughout history have wanted.
He wants to rule the world until his dying breath.
Random Redditor: "Oh, Rupes doesn't have anything like the power he used to"

Rupert Murdoch: *\*Deposes the elected leader of an advanced western nation, just because he doesn't like him, and installs a compliant lackey, all in the space of a week\**
He owns over 70% of Australia's news outlets - his narrative is pushed no matter what, and some people take what is published in the Australian as absolute gospel.
[deleted]
&gt;  It is just the Sun isn't it, do people take that seriously (?)
Yes, unfortunately.
Rupert is pro-Brexit, and [pushed his agenda heavily through The Sun and Daily Mail](https://www.theguardian.com/media/2016/jun/24/mail-sun-uk-brexit-newspapers).
As a consequence most of England voted for Brexit [with Liverpool being a notable exception despite their demographic](https://bobbischof.com/2017/07/18/liverpool-voted-remain-due-to-lack-of-sun/) because they saw the light and have boycotted *The Sun* for almost 3 decades [thanks to the way they were treated after the Hillsborough Disaster](https://www.vice.com/en_uk/article/nz8ez8/liverpool-vs-the-sun-how-the-city-rid-itself-of-the-uks-biggest-paper)
It's funny because Turnbull is a globalist like Murdoch and Stokes.
spite keeps him alive.
&gt; Murdoch has considerably less power than the bad old days

Here and abroad, he's never had more power than now.
Sure, but Turnbull was always going to replaced before the next election.
Murdoch exercised his power regarding the timing, and honestly partly fucked it up for Dutton.
His slowly waning influence was exhibited during 2014-2015, where News Corp completely failed in trying to save Abbott.
Only over idiots though.
If we just got rid of all of the who believed what the Murdoch press writes the world would be much better off.
MySpace, bought by Newscorp for 580m in 2005 sold for 35m in 2011.....some serious boardroom briefings in there.
Sure - but at one stage it was worth 1 billion ...
It quite amazing what he has done in terms of building influence over politics in several of the major western democracies.
As an Australian it almost makes me proud - then I see what he has done with that influence and I hang my head.

Summary: 
I think we're just going to get more like America.
The Murdoch's, the trumps and like are very good at championing the people.
It's funny because Turnbull is a globalist like Murdoch and Stokes.
He wants to leave a legacy.
It is just the Sun isn't it, do people take that seriously (?)
&gt;  It is just the Sun isn't it, do people take that seriously (?)
Fuck I hope you're right.
Fuuuuuck you Murdoch you absolute shit.
That's the power of the mainstream media and how it can shape people's thinking subconsciously.
Let's hope he's wrong about the three year time frame.
&gt; Let's hope he's wrong about the three year time frame.
&gt;That's the power of the mainstream media and how it can shape people's thinking subconsciously.
People don't like him without actually being able to articulate exactly why.
Well he tried it last time and Labor still got 6 years.
If that's the price of getting rid of him then I can put up with three years of Labor."
The Murdoch stable has a significant influence, that in my opinion is becoming more pervasive.
