Original Response: 
Why didn't god stop them?
And while we're on the topic, why did God have the tree in the first place?
And how did he allow satan to come into the garden?
(Not trying to be disrespectful, these are genuine questions i have about the Adam and Eve story)
He allowed them because he made them beings with free will, nothing stops anyone from sinning, even Jesus was tempted by the devil when he was in earth, when he was hungry after fasting in the desert but he did not subdue to it.
God also could have allowed them to be tempted by the serpent to test their loyalties, Eve fell and if it was only her and not Adam then the world could have been different, but Adam loved his wife more than God so he listened to his wife and she loved herself so much and made herself her own god in a sense and part of the forbidden fruit, regardless of what God commanded .When you think about them sinning just think about us sinning, sometimes we will fall to doing things for friends,family, or a significant that’s against God like Adam, or we might desire something that we shouldn’t part-take of that’s God says we shouldn’t do (like Eve).
Hope I made that makes sense.
Makes sense... thanks for the explanation.
So if free will caused sin, does that mean there is no free will in heaven?
Satan was in heaven when he sinned along side the many angles that chose to side with him, I’d say that’s free will.
How can sin be allowed in a perfect heaven when god does so much to try to cleanse us before we get there?
Satan was the originator of sin which is why he was kicked out, sin will not return their.God wants us to be free from sin through his blood so he can cleanse us and take us to heaven, and because followers of Christ have the will to want to be with him he will erase their natural propensities to want to commit sin,because  they want to be with him.If you don’t want to serve Christ you would not want to be in heaven and you won’t be their because your desires are contrary to what his kingdom is and it would not be enjoyable.
We have two choices of where we want to go and it’s all based off of the decisions we make.
But ALL humans sin.
And removing the propensities is an act of taking away our free will.
You cant have both.
Heaven either has free will and sin, or it has no free will.
It’s not taking away free will if that’s what you desire, it’s your choice to want to be sinless and he fulfills that desire by giving you the reward you want which is freeing you from sinful urges .
On the contrary he gives the people who used their free will opposed to what God wants, their reward as-well.
The temptation to sin is driven chiefly by our flesh.
I’d imagine as a spirit unshackled by a mortal body, it would be much easier to be holy.
Just a guess.
I always knew there was a reason I despised trigonometry.
Heaven has free will.
At the end of the Book of Revelation, the gates of New Jerusalem never close.
You can enter the City that is constant light and you can always leave to enter the darkness.
Lord knows why you'd want to leave, but you could.
XD oh boy, my spelling lol.
&gt;Satan was in heaven

Prove it.
All we know of Satan is that he is an angel.
Whether or not he was with the Blessed or fell immediately upon creation has never been settled.

Summary: 
Heaven either has free will and sin, or it has no free will.
&gt;Satan was in heaven

Prove it.
So if free will caused sin, does that mean there is no free will in heaven?
Why didn't god stop them?
