Original Response: 
have never seen any actual evidence of this phenomenon...
I have lots of evidence.
Who's going to do anything about it?
well, convincing your peers would be a great place to start.
please share...
There's a complex psychological aspect to gangstalking and "TI's".
I see it as another kook pool they've generated.
&amp;#x200B;

It's very similar to the panopticon, in that as long as somebody \*feels\* as if they are under surveillance, no actual surveillance is necessary.
The person's behavior will change accordingly based on the idea that a surveillance program could and may be happening behind the scenes against them in their lives.
&amp;#x200B;

So you have lots of conspiracy theorists who get spooked or scared that they're being "targeted" by some element within TPTB, be it the CIA or some black ops group, and they watch a bunch of youtube videos on the subject, and I think they get absolutely caught up in the idea that they are important enough to have a surveillance program authorized against them.
&amp;#x200B;

Then, you assume that anybody you encounter in your daily interactions could be an "agent" deployed against you.
You think any odd physical symptom is a "microwave attack" on you, or any number of wacky rationalizations to normal phenomenon.
See what I'm getting at?
This is a great way to intimidate the conspiracy culture into laying down and getting in line, and it's all psychological, "in your head" as they say.
&amp;#x200B;
i pretty much agree with you, from my personal experience with 'TIs'
can you please show your evidence?
I have posted some of it in various places.
Dating, Job Search, Emails, Video drive logs, audio recordings.
I don't want to reveal my personal identity here, so i'm not going to post it for you.
It has put a serious dampener on my life.
The thing you have to realize is the things people are doing to TIs is difficult to prove/quantify.
[This is one of the best explanations of what happens to people in the beginning](http://freedomjuice.blogspot.com/2018/03/transcription-of-jeremy-radlows.html) it is a template system applied to many people.
You probably have.
It's not that much different from mobbing in school or worklplace.
Gangstalking is real, our government did this shit to Hemingway.
But most of the time I agree with you, it's just conspiracy theorists with delusions of grandeur being paranoid thinking gangstalking is a major problem plaguing our nation today.
I don't think the program is very big and I think it's mostly related to Hollywood and the Truman Show there.
Why is there audio being played over the intended track?
No you don't.

Summary: 
I have lots of evidence.
See what I'm getting at?
I have posted some of it in various places.
can you please show your evidence?
