Original Response: 
I'll be crucified here but I feel like as much as an idiot the kid is, as a competitor, I don't think he'd cheat.
Yea maybe he parties and gets fucked up, but I don't think he cheats.
How could he live with himself knowing another man could of gotten the best of him if it wasn't for a substance.
He's a true champ, faults and all.
lol I love when people post something stupid with a "this place will downvote me but" preface, as if the problem is the forum, not you.
Didn't both of his NFL level brothers get banned for PEDs?
Is it really hard to believe that all 3 of them as family members were on the gear together?
Lord knows the testing is wildly inconsistent across the board but yet all 3 of them got popped.
Nah bud that's your own creation.
Clearly the popular opinion is he's dirty.
All the evidence is there.
I'm going off gut feeling and I know how dumb it sounds so I prefaced it with well I'm know this is stupid and bring on the downvotes.
It's funny that you delivered the extra insult, despite the disclaimer.
Because there's no disclaimer that unmoors you from reality.
If you wanna say "I think he's the GOAT", "I'm pumped to see him fight", "I don't think he'll cheat again", "I believe in third chances", or whatever, that's fine.
But what you're saying is just wrong.
"I don't think he'd cheat".
It's just not true.
And then you preface it with some nonsense.
Like if I was going to argue that 2+2=5 I'd at least have the balls to stand by it and show my work and try to substantiate it.
But you're not doing it.
You're like "look, some people will disagree, that's on them, I guess I'll get downvoted here cause it's not popular to say it, but I'm telling you 2+2=5" and I'm saying the ignorance involved in that line is hilarious.
I know dude.
I'm a fool but I've got plenty of kinfolk who do stupid shit and I've remained relatively clean and competent.
I just think his cheating in his mind isnt cheating.
I do firmly believe almost nobody in pro sports is truly clean or "all natty" or however the fuck you wanna call it.
It's like the logic of "well if everybody is doing it it's not a problem then right because were all equal?"
And the Jones bros are just really fucking stupid with it and get caught frequently.
But 2+2 hasn't equalled 5 yet.
Nobody but JJ knows whether or not he intended to  cheat.
There are too many variables to know for sure.
I'm simply exercising a little faith.
Is it unlikely?
Of course!
In all probability I'm wrong.
Is my opinion in the grand scheme of things stupid?
Sure.
But you accused me of thinking the platform was wrong.
I'm not saying that at all.
And if you look at the tone in this thread, I'm pretty confident my assumption was right despite your sensitivities.
If you're going by faith and know the evidence says he didn't cheat, then say that.
Don't say "I don't think he cheated".
Say "I think he did, but I'm going to choose to believe that he didn't".
That's weird by justifiable.
But you can't say you think X then say "I'm probably wrong.
It's probably Y.
The evidence certainly says it's Y.
But I think X".
Cause that's just a paradox of nonsense.
I disagree.
Shady products get flagged all the time.
He's in a situation where people have been proven innocent under the same circumstances.
I'm saying that despite the evidence that the current  process was able to demonstrate, in the grand scheme, the verdict is that the dude didn't know.
I'll side with that until is proven beyond a reasonable doubt.
Prefacing a comment with you'll probably disagree isn't stupid, it's a way to have a cordial conversation.
But you don't disagree.
You're pretending you do, but you don't.
Here:

&gt;  I'm simply exercising a little faith.
Is it unlikely?
Of course!
In all probability I'm wrong.
Is my opinion in the grand scheme of things stupid?
Sure.
So you know he cheated.
You're just pretending you don't.
Which is weird, but whatever.
But don't tell me he didn't.
When you know he did.
Let's do some really weird English comprehension: 

Steve says: "I think 2+2=5, not 4.
I'm simply exercising a little faith.
Is it unlikely?
Of course!
In all probability I'm wrong.
Is my opinion in the grand scheme of things stupid?
Sure."
Q: What does really Steve think 2+2 equals?
* a) 5.
* b) Banana.
* c) 4, he just won't say.
Nah.
Just talking from a place where 99% of people think he did it.
I don't and so far the verdict is about 50/50.
Im not pretending a damn thing.
Say you're lonely and enjoy arguing with strangers on the internet.
SAY IT.
[removed]
Jones' first UFC loss will be sweeter than both of Ronda's combined.
Who's actually going to give him that loss?
Dude a grade A mind cripple but hes a fucking demi god in the octagon.
Blaydes, maybe?
We said similar things about Ronda, and Anderson Silva during their primes.
Jones'll get got.
edit: Also, keep in mind, he hardly ever fights.
The only time he's fought more than twice a year was back in 2011 when he fought 4 times.
Other than that, its 1-2 times per year.
Blaydes is one of the only people that has the tools and chin to do it.
Yeah, but Anderson Silva just got old.
He never really got shitty and he never had major weaknesses that got exposed.
Ronda had a major weakness that finally got exposed (and re-exposed).
I don't know if JBJ has a major weakness, other than being a dumpster fire a human being.
Does blades have tools that DC didn't?
Also is Jones gonna go up to HW for that fight?
I wouldn't be surprised to see a shitshow like Rockhold.
I think Blaydes has a LOT of room to improve.
He also takes shots like he's built of iron.
I'm not saying he has a lot tools that DC DOESN'T, but he does have some size and a chin that's been tested by some absolute zingers.
Yeah i absolutely agree that he is improving massively!
But I'm sure Jones always said he would make the move to HW when he thought the time was right.
Iirc Cain was champ at the time and i don't think he wanted no part of that!
I think if he does do HW Stipe would be his preferred choice.
Did Gus have tools DC didn't?
Most people would agree DC is the better fighter but both his fights against Jones were more conclusive than Gus'.
Sometimes overall skill isn't enough, you need a specific style.
Yeah i think Gus had size in his favour?
That was an insane fight but maybe the first time Jones came up against a guy he didn't have a crazy reach advantage over?
The only other fight i can remember where jones was matched size wise was OSP?
This right here!
Jones is a total dick but he's fucking incredible!
Stipe at HW.
Weak boxing.
Only fights guys he towers over.
Just a bully.
Stipe would still KO him and Cain would give him a tough fight.
[deleted]
realistically, someone with heavy hands is gonna have to 1hit ko him at HW, only hole in his game is his boxing.
he has 9th degree blackbelts in every martial arts other than boxing.
i mean he knows this, and adapts around it beautifully.

Summary: 
I'm not saying that at all.
But you're not doing it.
"I don't think he'd cheat".
Don't say "I don't think he cheated".
But what you're saying is just wrong.
You're pretending you do, but you don't.
You're just pretending you don't.
So you know he cheated.
When you know he did.
In all probability I'm wrong.
But don't tell me he didn't.
Say "I think he did, but I'm going to choose to believe that he didn't".
I just think his cheating in his mind isnt cheating.
Im not pretending a damn thing.
I don't and so far the verdict is about 50/50.
But you accused me of thinking the platform was wrong.
I think Blaydes has a LOT of room to improve.
I'm simply exercising a little faith.
But you can't say you think X then say "I'm probably wrong.
