Original Response: 
[casual] Hey guys.
Today I'm after a few specifics, namely

* [](/dreamball) Dream Ball, Grimer
* [](/dreamball) Dream Ball, West Sea Shellos (or [](/loveball) Love ball, whichever you deem a better colour match for Gastrodon)
* [](/dreamball) Dream Ball, HA Clamperl

Like I mentioned in the title, got a heap of stuff to trade (can breed stuff too).
so ask me and we'll surely work something out.
&amp;nbsp;

Cheers!
Hello.
Any interest in my [on-hand](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hg_WT4lif9HjPLpXVwPDTK5oth-FOiS9GIANF8wmBfY/edit#gid=1086466421) DBHA?
Most of them were bred in gen 6, if that makes a difference to you.
I've also got some on-hand DBHA (including Grimer and Clamperl) that are [still in gen 6](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16JQ7a2QecIqLbrNXwsz6gDd03Gd5jZorEwuhxgKtJnU/edit#gid=1881853005), but I can transfer them to gen 7.
I am mostly looking for HA aprimons that I am missing from [this tab](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hg_WT4lif9HjPLpXVwPDTK5oth-FOiS9GIANF8wmBfY/edit#gid=1445398424) of my sheet.
Highest priority ones are marked in pink, followed by anything I'm missing, followed by anything I have without HA.
I am also looking looking for certain Vivillon patterns, and would be willing to offer favorable trade ratios for Vivillons if they are bred to my specifications (HA, Timid, female and in apriballs--HA apriball parents can be provided if you have a pattern I need).
Cool.
Just about to go to work but had a quick browse of your sheet.
So far of the pink squares in Gen III alone,  I see I can offer you 

* Heavy Aron
* Fast Surskit
* Heavy Castform
* Friend Kecleon

Any of them take your fancy?
&amp;nbsp;

Vivillon-wise, I reckon I have heavy and Lure currently wirh HA.
I'm crappy ol' River pattern though, so I'm doubting you want that one 😛.
River is one of the patterns I'm looking for, actually.
If I can convince you to breed them for me, I would happily provide you with the HA apriball Scatterbugs you are missing, for free, and then offer you two Pokémon for each apriball Vivillon (provided they are Timid HA females).
I don't know if I have enough stuff you are interested in to trade for a set of 7 apriball Vivillons, though?
I would be willing to breed stuff, in addition to whatever you are interested in from my on-hands.
Cool beans 👍 I'll have a proper look when I get home.
I bet I'll find some stuff!
Easily found enough stuff you want me to breed an Apriball set of Scatterbugs :D.
Excellent.
Let me know what you want.
I can get you the HA apriball Scatterbugs you are missing later today.
OK I just did some other trades for some that I'd picked, but I'll look through again now!
Alrighty, so for the 7 Scatterbugs could you do

* [](/dreamball) DBHA Grimer
* [](/dreamball) DBHA Clamperl
* [](/moonball) Moon Wingull
* [](/levelball) Level Relicanth
* [](/moonball) Moon Chatot
* [](/moonball) Moon Swablu
* [](/moonball) Moon Cottonee

Is that a doable request?
It's doable.
Although the aprimons you listed don't have HA or EM's except for Cottonee.
I could breed HA onto them, but it might take a while, since I am relatively busy this week.
Also, I don't have Moon Chatot, but I could catch one in my copy of SoulSilver.
It might take up to a week and a half to do this, however, as it's a "Sinnoh Sound" Pokémon.
It can only be caught on Thursdays, and I have a few post-game things left to do before I can catch those.
I wouldn't mind doing it at all, though, if you don't mind the wait.
Ah OK. No rush since I too am pretty busy this week.
however, I can get the Chatot myself (I'm just being lazy :P) and the others it's also OK, I have the abilities and such, just not the ball, so it'll still help!
Looked at too many spreadsheets lately obviously.
Could I change the Chatot to a Moon Shuppet perhaps?
I would actually really enjoy catching the Chatot.
Playing some SoulSilver would be a nice break from breeding :)

If you don't mind the lack of HA on the aprimons, I'll get you males to make breeding easier for you (plus I'll be breeding them in gen 6 and will prefer to keep any females I get in gen 6 anyway).
Yea, that's fine.
Easy for me, since I have it on hand :)
Yeah sounds good to me and do the trek back to Gen Iv if you're feeling nostalgic.
It was the best after all!
I can get you the HA apriball Scatterbugs any time in the next 3 hours.
I could also get them to you tomorrow.
Also, am I going to be trading you the Moon Chatot or the Moon Shuppet?
Either one is fine with me.
Or could do both, lol.
I did offer you a 2:1 ratio for the Vivillons :p.
Tomorrow will be best I reckon.
At work today.
Hmm well if you want a mission you can try to get a HA Chatot.
But it's up to you how intenso you wanna go :)
Sure.
My schedule is a lot more flexible tomorrow.
HA Chatot mission it is :)
Hi.
So, I still need to get you those apriball Scatterbug parents.
My schedule is pretty open today, so just let me know what is a good time for you to trade.
The scatterbugs you need are Fast, Friend, Level, Love and Moon, right?
I actually have love and lure and heavy as it turns out.
So I'll need friend, level, moon and fast.
Gimme about an hour and I should be ready to trade if you'll be around?
Works for me!
Cool beans.
I'll letcha know when I'm back in action.
K all set.
Meet me in tje Plaza?
On my way!
Alrighty.
I'll be back shortly with some 'bugs.
Awesome.
I'll get started breeding your aprimons.
Plus the Chatot mission :D.
Beauty!
PS do you want them as eggs (I'll save prior, check the ability and SR in that case) or shall I hatch them?
No need to SR for eggs.
Scatterbugs are fine.
Fully evolved is even better.
But so long as they are HA and Timid (and preferably female), I am happy.
OK no worries.
I'll get you some Friend Guarding, Timid, Female Scatterbugs ASAP since they don't take long to hatch!
:)
Sweet!
I just finished fetching a few on-hands out of bank, and I've just got three aprimons to breed for you, and an HA Chatot to catch (which won't take long with DexNav).
Also, I discovered that I'd already done the stuff I needed to in SoulSilver to catch Sinnoh Sound Pokémon, so I could theoretically get Moon Chatot, too :)
Gotcha.
Well i'm done :) It's almost 1AM here now though.
So, it should probably be bed time for me relatively soon.
I'll stay in touch if you aren't yet ready, boss!
Gotcha.
Well i'm done :) It's almost 1AM here now though.
So, it should probably be bed time for me relatively soon.
I'll stay in touch if you aren't yet ready, boss!
I'm just about ready.
Only thing left is to hatch a Relicanth egg and transfer stuff.
We could trade tomorrow if you want to get some sleep, though.
WEll if you won't be long i'll just stay up for a bit.
No big deal.
don't have much on until the arvo tomorrow anyeay :P

See ya soon!
Okay.
I'm transferring stuff and double checking everything right now.
I'll be in FP in maybe five minutes?
perfect.
In FP, now.
I've got the 7 DB/aprimons for you, plus HA Chatot.
Gah!
Well that sucked.
Try again tomorrow I guess since I'm locked out after that.
Not sure why th error happened.
my internet has been up the whole time :/ Dumb!
Gah!
Well that sucked.
Try again tomorrow I guess since I'm locked out after that.
Not sure why th error happened.
my internet has been up the whole time :/ Dumb!
Well, now it's telling me I'm not allowed to trade right now because of a "communication error".
So annoying.
Do you know how long this sort of thing usually lasts?
Normally like half an hour.
We were so close!.
Yea.
It had to happen when we only had two Pokémon left to trade, too &gt;.&lt;

Ah, well.
See you tomorrow, then.
yeah no worries.
see you then :)
Right?
Do you happen to be available to finish that trade right now?
Edit: Nevermind, I have to go sleep.
I'll try to catch you in the morning :)
Are you available to trade?
in maybe like 2 hours, if you'll still be around?
Yea, that should work.
I have to leave in three hours, though.
Actually.
Can do now!
I'll head online shall I?
Great!
I'll head online, too.
Thanks for the trade!
Definitely.
It's been a saga!
Enjoy.

Summary: 
I could also get them to you tomorrow.
HA Chatot mission it is :)
Tomorrow will be best I reckon.
I bet I'll find some stuff!
Easy for me, since I have it on hand :)
I'll head online shall I?
I'll get started breeding your aprimons.
I have to leave in three hours, though.
OK I just did some other trades for some that I'd picked, but I'll look through again now!
I'll try to catch you in the morning :)
I can get you the HA apriball Scatterbugs you are missing later today.
It was the best after all!
Try again tomorrow I guess since I'm locked out after that.
Also, am I going to be trading you the Moon Chatot or the Moon Shuppet?
So, I still need to get you those apriball Scatterbug parents.
Could I change the Chatot to a Moon Shuppet perhaps?
Edit: Nevermind, I have to go sleep.
I would actually really enjoy catching the Chatot.
Hmm well if you want a mission you can try to get a HA Chatot.
So I'll need friend, level, moon and fast.
I can get you the HA apriball Scatterbugs any time in the next 3 hours.
