Original Response: 
Guessing the ask was too high, likely one of their young roster guys like Patrick/Konecny/Couts, or Hart?
Unsure why this perfectly reasonable comment is downvoted.
Obviously, the Flyers would balk at that price, but you have to give to get.
Patrick+ is what I'd ask if I were Kekäläinen.
Yeah and youd be laughed out of the room.
You dont get young studs for rentals.
We may have disagreed earlier but now I dont see why you are being downvoted 🤣 we probably asked for Patrick, simmonds, a first and a couple seconds 



Guys.
I'm not saying I agree with this offer.
I'm saying Jarmo probably asked for a ton for an inter division team that were gonna compete with for a playoff spot.
Christ.
Patrick + Simmonds + a top prospect + a 1st + a couple 2nds for 1 year of Panarin lol.
I mean, we are probably gonna fight for 3rd place and Panarin would warrant a huge return.
Take a piece or two away but I dont think this is an unrealistic idea.
Not saying I agree with it, but I wouldn't be surprised if we tried to get a big haul back.
It's not the trade deadline.
A whole year headstart on pitching a Top 5 player to sign long term with you, and play with a 100pt playmaker during the end of a rebuild/start of contention is not a rental.
Panarin is himself a young stud, and you don't trade him to a divisional rival for cash considerations.
Basically, I don't think there's a possible trade between these 2 clubs that involves Panarin.
Lmao.
Him saying he wants to be a UFA next year is a huge hit to his trade value.
If he left the door of signing an extension open, it'd be a different story.
Hes a UFA so hes a rental.
And I agree there is no realistic trade between the two teams.
[removed]
[deleted]
Still Artemi Motherfucking Panarin though.
Like can you imagine if a team traded a player of that caliber or even better, like say - an Erik Karlsson, for ten cents on the dollar?
Lol, such an act would be unfathomable...
Look at the return Karlsson just got.
If you trade Panarin it won't be for anything nearly that big unless it's a sign and trade, which makes no sense for Panarin.
Not sure why you're getting downvoted, it's not like you were proposing this offer or even saying it's a fair trade.
Panarin isn't a top 5 player, and look at what Karlsson (an actual arguable top 5 player) just went for with a full year on his contract.
He's a rental, so they're not gonna get a lot for him no matter where they trade him too.
He wasn't suggesting that's what they'd get for him, he's just saying that could be something they asked for.
Youd think that trade would have taught this sub what rentals are worth in the offseason but apparently not.
All kidding aside, Ottawa got fleeced on that deal still and they largely did it to themselves by halving the market due to wanting to keep Karlsson out of the East.
I don't think people should go around expecting superstars to net that much of a return again even if they are rentals.
Just like how nobody should expect the Duchene trade to be a realistic guideline for what to get for one of the better 1Cs in the league.
Even as a hypothetical ask that seems unreasonable.
I can't see them even trying for a top 2 pick, top 6 forward, another A/B prospect, 1st and 2 2nds.
Hey asshole, did you roll in from blind town?
Jesus christ I said that's probably what we asked for.
It would be an overpayment but we arent fucking trading him unless we get a huge return, buddy.
Scenarios were a little different...
[deleted]
Didn't Ottawa have larger asks in the potential TBL deal?
And I wouldn't use the Karlsson trade which everyone declared a fleece immediately as the bar here.
Ottawa HAD to move him and everyone knew it.
Panarin is rumored to be heading out this off-season but he hasn't said anything outright.
Well we arent trading him unless we get a huge haul.
I'm saying Jarmo wouldnt give him up unless the return was too good.
I didnt think I would even have to convey this message jesus.
Top tier player not re-signing with a team?
The only leverage CBJ has right now is that they are willing to let him walk in FA if they don't get a good deal.
That won't change the offers they get though.
Teams would be more interested in waiting until summer and trying their luck to add him for free.
Lol never seen anyone get so bent out of shape over a spongebob quote.
You’re a dandy.
Sure, Panarin hasn't outright said anything, but I'm pretty certain every NHL GM is willing to take a chance on him hitting FA before they give up a shitload for him.
The ask for Karlsson was huge from everyone.
The problem is no one's willing to give up the farm for one year of a player, not even one as talented as Karlsson.
Also the general train of thought is that he has said he’s leaving in free agency so they may as well get something for him.
The general train of thought is that we should keep both Russians and make a playoff run.
Yeah i think i read a report saying CBJ was apparently asking for Konecny in the negotiation.
Considering Panarin would have to get a huge deal and Konecny is already the 1RW at age 20 i wouldnt do it.
Lol we're just redditors speculating, we have no clue what was asked.
Columbus is also a real contender, they haven’t traded a lottery pick, their owner isn’t a cheap bastard, Panarin doesn’t hate the owner, Columbus has a year to convince him to stay.
Ottawa was a dumpster fire with 0 incentive for him to stay and the whole league knew it.
You're getting downvoted because "we disagree!"
But you're totally right, no one is trading a u23 top 6 budding star for **ONE YEAR** of Panarin...who apparently all of a sudden is a top 5 player lol guy isn't even a top 5 LW.
[deleted]
I would have lost my shit if they traded Konecny, I like the bread man and all but no way.
Yeah same here.
Konecny is my favorite player on the team and a core stud player for a very long time.
Not worth giving him up for a 27 yr old UFA imo.
Absolutely not worth it.
TK could be just as good or better.
Yeah TK is 20, just finished top 10 in EV goals, will be on a far cheaper deal for like the next 7 years.
No way i move him for a 27 yr old UFA.
TK is right with Patrick as a top core guy for a very long time.
Idk about that, but if they had traded TK to get Panarin and Panarin had walked after a year then I'd be livid.
Top 5 player in the NHL?
Top 5 left winger, maybe.
Even still you've got Ovechkin, Benn, Marchand, Hall, Giroux, Gaudreau.
I think you could even argue that Duchene isn't in the top half of centres in the league.
He's certainly not top-10.
Here are other centres I consider better off the top of my head.
Bergeron

Crosby/Malkin

McDavid

Tavares/Matthews

Monahan

MacKinnon

Eichel

Backstrom/Kuznetsov

Couture

Giroux


Scheifele

Barkov

Seguin

Kopitar

Stamkos

I combined the Pens, Caps, and Leafs centres... Well, idk why.
It just felt right.
I also avoided Schenn and W. Karlsson because it was only this past season they became 1Cs.
Giroux doesn't play center, and I'd argue Duchene over at least Monahan and Barkov.
True he spent most of this season on the wing, but hasn't he played at C most of his career?
Sure but he doesn't anymore because the team has 2 better ones so I wouldn't rank him over Duchene as a center.
Additionally, G was drafted as a right winger and moved to center because of team need.
I dunno man.
Monahan's basically good for 60+ points, Duchene hasn't hit that since hitting 70 4 years ago (did get 59 once).
No way is Duchene better than Barkov, he's already putting up significantly better numbers despite being way younger, and he's incredibly solid defensively.
Definitely not Barkov.
Barkov is an elite two way player and a future Selke winner.
Giroux played center for what?
8 years?
And he certainly could go back to it at the snap of your fingers.
Stop nitpicking.
&gt; Sure but he doesn't anymore because the team has 2 better ones

lol Giroux is the best center on our team by quite a bit.
It's just that he's also the best LW on our team by a mile.
He's not a better defensive center than Couturier, and he's better offensively because he plays on the wing now.

Summary: 
Top 5 player in the NHL?
It's not the trade deadline.
I'm not saying I agree with this offer.
Patrick+ is what I'd ask if I were Kekäläinen.
Top tier player not re-signing with a team?
Giroux played center for what?
And I agree there is no realistic trade between the two teams.
The ask for Karlsson was huge from everyone.
You're getting downvoted because "we disagree!"
TK could be just as good or better.
Hes a UFA so hes a rental.
Here are other centres I consider better off the top of my head.
Well we arent trading him unless we get a huge haul.
You dont get young studs for rentals.
Jesus christ I said that's probably what we asked for.
