Original Response: 
[removed]
Perhaps talk to him with honesty.
Personally, I think it sounds like he's trying to protect you, because you're growing up, and the world is dangerous for women.
He's not doing it the right way, but I think it sounds like that.
I am sure that's what he thinks but he is going at it the wrong way.
the world is dangerous for women BECAUSE of men who think like this.
Ok.  Let's just focus on the issue of harassment/ unwanted attention.
Let's say you're a father.
You notice that women who dress more provocatively generally receive more unwanted attention from strangers (catcalling, being flirted with when you don't want the interactions).
Your daughter is turning into a woman, and begins to dress in revealing clothing.
What would you do?
"It's not her fault men treat her that way or think that!"
You're absolutely right!
But so what?
You can't go and tell all 10,000 men who she might come in contact with that they're wrong for treating her that way.
And yea, some people will harass and catcall no matter what.
It sucks.
But what is wrong with letting her know that she might get more unwanted attention based on how she dresses?
do you *seriously* think a fucking 16 year old girl doesn't already KNOW about being sexually harassed?
I assure you, she does, because people have been doing it to her since she was 11, most likely.
It may surprise you that I do in fact think that some 16 year-olds may not know everything they think they do.
I don't understand the hostility.
Do you think trying to be protective is somehow offensive?
What if she's 14 and dressing inappropriately?
12?
10?
Do you think a father should never try to help his daughter in these cases?
If the mom says it instead, do you assume she's sexist, too?
All you've done is express anger and said nothing productive.
Yes, I think a fucking 16 year old might be subjected to more sexual harassment than an 11 year old.
Yes, it fucking sucks.
No, it's not her fucking fault.
But you seem to be actively offended by the fact that I refuse to pretend it doesn't happen.
Yes, trying to be "protective" by commenting on your daughter's body so intrusively is *deeply* offensive and harmful, actually.
It is the polar opposite of "helpful", it is going to do nothing but make a girl feel alienated, offended, self-conscious, and in the worst case scenario, if she is unfortunate enough to take her father's words seriously, ***it is going to make her feel that she is to blame for being harassed***.
And yes, a mom saying things like this is 100% JUST as sexist as a dad saying these things.
Because these are deeply sexist ideas, it doesn't matter who's saying them.
&gt;But you seem to be actively offended by the fact that I refuse to pretend it doesn't happen.
That's not it at ALL.
I'm offended by the fact that you think this girl doesn't understand MORE about being sexually harassed and what causes it than her father does.
I did not say he did it in a good way.
I think he's doing it in a terrible way.
I know it's part for the course for this whole damn thread, but don't make shit up and attribute it to me.
You said this:

&gt;Do you think a father should never try to help his daughter in these cases?
Which implies that you think this man's approach actually IS helpful.
What did you think I was responding to?
I said "let's suppose you're a father who notices that women who dress provocatively tend to get more unwanted attention"

I did not say this person did it in at all a good way.
NOBODY in the top comments is saying "I understand he might be trying to do X, but his tactics are awful".
To me that implies that him saying anything would be unwelcome.
My point is that you can try to get your daughter to dress more likely without being a incestuous pervert lusting after his own daughter, or a sexist control freak.
&gt;"let's suppose you're a father who notices that women who dress provocatively tend to get more unwanted attention"

first of all, this genuinely isn't true, as any woman could tell you.
second of all, this guy is commenting on what his daughter is wearing AT HOME.
Maybe he thinks he's being helpful?
But he's definitely actually *behaving* like an incestuous pervert AND a sexist control freak.
I'm not claiming that dressing in any given way will *eliminate* unwanted attention.
But in my observed experience, the rates differ significantly when I'm out with female friends and we're going clubbing, vs if we're just dressed normally and going to dinner.
Once, when I was growing up, my mom came home unexpectedly early and I was just playing video games in my underwear.
She told me to put my clothes on.
Should I have been worried all those years?
And you're trying to make me defend this guy again.
I'm not biting.
My point, which you did address in the first part of your response, is that it is possible to be concerned for how your teenaged daughter presents herself to the world, without being a monster or a pervert.
&gt;My point, which you did address in the first part of your response, is that it is possible to be concerned for how your teenaged daughter presents herself to the world, without being a monster or a pervert.
I don't think you've presented your point terribly clearly, then.
Evidently it doesn't really matter how dissenting comments are worded here.
No, I mean it really sounded in a lot of your comments as though you *were* defending him.
That's your wording at fault, not our reading.
I mean, elsewhere in the thread I correct a literal misrepresentation of someone else's argument and get instantly downvoted there too, so I'm going to go ahead and say that this place is somewhat more trigger-happy and intolerant of dissent than you may think.
I mean...it's reddit.
I'm done wasting time with you.
[removed]

Summary: 
I did not say he did it in a good way.
What did you think I was responding to?
I think he's doing it in a terrible way.
Let's say you're a father.
Maybe he thinks he's being helpful?
I don't understand the hostility.
He's not doing it the right way, but I think it sounds like that.
I am sure that's what he thinks but he is going at it the wrong way.
Should I have been worried all those years?
"It's not her fault men treat her that way or think that!"
