Original Response: 
Parents are strict, Orthodox and religious.
Father is a priest.
I was born in a country where the majority were Orthodox so I've grown up with faith.
We moved to American a decade ago and it's been the same since.
But now, I feel so disillusioned.
I feel so guilty about this but I simply don't believe in God like I used to.
I despise going to church because of how strict it is.
My whole family has to get up at 4am and attend church from 5am-10am.
Not only that, but we have to stand 95% of the time.
Every Sunday, I'm exhausted, bored out of my mind because it's in a language I don't understand and self conscious whenever I sit.
I don't know if it's just me losing faith or if I just *really* dislike my church environment.
What I wouldn't give to go to a church in the afternoon or late morning with a 2 hour service where I could sit....but I can't even bring it up to my parents because they would 110% take it as a betrayal.
I can see why considering my dad preaches/prays in our church so it's like he's not good enough/our religion isn't good enough but ugh.
I fear that if they continue to force me and pressure me to go to church I'm going to end up hating Christianity.
Are you absolutely positive that whenever you die, that you will go to heaven to be with the Lord?
Or are you not "Sure"?
Christianity is not a fire insurance policy..
JESUS IS Fire Insurance to Me!
He SAVED me from Eternal Flame and torment, and Gave me ETERNAL LIFE!
What A SAVIOR!
WHAT GRACE!
I deserved FIRE, and He Gave me Living Water!
Jhn 4:10, 14: "Jesus answered and said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God, and who it is that saith to thee, Give me to drink; thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water.
But whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life.
If God is Love, he cannot also be worst than hitler..rethink your theology... its not good news, if billions of others will spend in hell because they didn't say the "sinners prayer"
No one is saved by saying a prayer.
You are only saved by BELIEVING in JESUS, who died for all of your sins on the cross, was buried and rose from the dead!
Everyone is convicted by the Holy Spirit of their sin of Unbelief, and there will be no excuses.
If Billions of people go to Hell, it will be because they chose to Reject Jesus Christ, and His one time death and shed blood payment for all of their sins.
God Loves the Whole world, and He has provided the ONLY means of Salvation for mankind through Christ Jesus!
All they must do is BELIEVE.
“These things have I written unto you that BELIEVE ON the name of THE SON OF GOD; that YE MAY KNOW THAT YE HAVE ETERNAL LIFE and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.” 1John 5:13.
not sure if you are a troll or serious.
VERY SERIOUS.
I don't fool around with the Gospel.
The Gospel is the Good News, and is the Power of God unto Salvation, to everyone who Believes it!
{Romans 1:16

 What would make you think anything different?
read the book of Acts, read through all the sermons that were preached.
No one was threatened hell fire to follow Jesus.
People were invited to renounce Ceaser and pronounce Jesus as Lord.
To enter into God's Kingdom now.
not after death.
Whether Hell fire is mentioned in Acts doesn't change the fact that it is the destination for all who reject the Free Gift of God, through faith alone in Jesus.
It is according to the Gospel of Christ by which you will be judged .
Romans 2:16 In the day when God shall judge the secrets of men by Jesus Christ according to my gospel.
The Question is, will you stand before God in your own righteousness, which is as filthy rags in His sight, or will you receive the Free Gift of God and receive God's Imputed Righteousness, without works, and be saved from Eternal separation from God in the Lake of fire?
Because the Kingdom of Heaven has not been set up here on earth yet.
But Jesus will return to earth soon to set up His earthly Kingdom and rule and reign.
But when Jesus returns, He will not come back as a sheep to slaughter, but will return in "flaming fire taking vengeance on them that know not God, and that OBEY NOT THE GOSPEL of our Lord Jesus Christ: Who shall be PUNISHED with EVERLASTING DESTRUCTION FROM THE PRESENCE OF THE LORD, and from the glory of his power; “ {2 Thess.
1:8-9}


There is Great Punishment for all unbelievers awaiting them.
But God is full of patience and mercy and doesn't want anyone to perish...
But He Must be true to His word, and sin will be punished.
If you don't trust God's Provision for your sins through faith alone in Jesus, then you will die in your sins and be held accountable for them... 

Time is running out!
Acts 17:30-31 And the times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent: 31 Because he hath appointed a day, in the which he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained; whereof he hath given assurance unto all men, in that he hath raised him from the dead.
I feel like I just read a Chic Tract.. good luck.
Don't believe in luck....
I Believe in JESUS.
Take care.
John 3:36  He that believeth on the Son hath everlasting life: and he that believeth not the Son shall not see life; but the wrath of God abideth on him.
I seriously think you are trolling.

Summary: 
But now, I feel so disillusioned.
I despise going to church because of how strict it is.
I seriously think you are trolling.
I don't fool around with the Gospel.
To enter into God's Kingdom now.
I deserved FIRE, and He Gave me Living Water!
JESUS IS Fire Insurance to Me!
All they must do is BELIEVE.
No one was threatened hell fire to follow Jesus.
