Original Response: 
Police should pay up (out of their own budget) if what this lawyer alleges is true.
Government bureaucracies don’t have their own budgets, it all belongs to the taxpayer (I support your sentiment though).
I personally think that police should be personally liable, just like doctors.
If that means that they have to individually get liability insurance, so be it.
That's not entirely true, as departments are allocated funds by the government and the government could simply say they wouldn't add more funds, which in effect fines the department.
[removed]
[removed]
Departments are allocated taxpayer funds by the government.
Technically, yes, I get your point that when you look at it that way departments do have a budget.
In this situation the only people that really suffer are the taxpayer.
No one in government has their own capital at risk and aside from extreme circumstances they are guaranteed, by the taxpayer, to receive their full wages and pension almost regardless of how much they stuff up.
It’s like that scene in Blazing Saddles where the Sheriff threatens to shoot himself.
Why?
You don't think that police should be responsible for their actions?
Liability insurance is fairly cheap, and is a tax deduction.
Definitely.
These decisions are made individuals.
Presently at worst they might lose their current job but typically move comfortably straight into another.
Public servants shouldn't be able to commit offences like what this appears to be with such impunity.
There should also be personal accountability.
&gt; Always go to the police - NEVER the media.
What about?
"Always go the person of interest - NEVER the media."
&gt; Public servants shouldn’t be able to commit offences like what this appears to be 

What offence?
This article is so one sided and lawyer is very obviously grand standing.
Sue police for defamation?
Good, then just do it instead of saying it.
He knows he doesn’t have a leg to stand on hence gobbing his mouth off.
Why bark if you can bite?
He also contradicts himself.
“Cooperating with Police for 7 months but this is the first time we’ve heard of this”.
What?
Then he just goes on and on about his “bloke” being innocent.
Nothing further of substance.
It’s all hot air.
Nothing further to back up the claims.
Then the clincher; says that police don’t want to talk to old mate.
Well, it’s blatantly obvious they do.
Media briefings aren’t done a whim - it all has to be approved by several chains of command, etc.
Detectives would have to show evidence that they made good, solid attempts to contact the POI (usually via multiple methods) and that getting the media involved is absolutely necessary after exhausting all other options (going to the media is the absolute last option for something like this)).
For an important and big case like this it would be a group effort of detectives (most would be very experienced due to the nature of this case).
The case would have constant audits and there are  “show cause” for any actions like a press conference.
It’s not like one detective is just like “to hell with it, I’m going to hold a press conference to net this guy”.
They must follow SOPs, eliminate other viable options, and then back up their actions.
So the lawyer is clearly talking out of his arse and either deliberately ignoring the fact that police have SOPs in place, or has no idea of the process.

Summary: 
Departments are allocated taxpayer funds by the government.
&gt; Always go to the police - NEVER the media.
"Always go the person of interest - NEVER the media."
Police should pay up (out of their own budget) if what this lawyer alleges is true.
Good, then just do it instead of saying it.
I personally think that police should be personally liable, just like doctors.
