Original Response: 
I’m currently a senior in high school, have been in the cryptocurrency community since freshmen year.
Also apart of a university’s Blockchain program.
I started Bitcoin when PayPal closed my account because I was a minor.
I was always interested in entrepreneurship and without a bank, I thought I would be severely limited.
I got mad at the power PayPal had over my money.
When exploring ways to control my money, I found Bitcoin with the help of a prominent figure in the field.
In the last year, I have had classmates ask me about Bitcoin at least once a week.
Many are beginners, others have empty Bitcoin wallets, and some even have some coins they’re interested in.
But the overall theme is that they’re interested.
I even had the chance to give Bitcoin to beginners and when they loved watching the dollar value change but the Bitcoin value being static.
One of my classmates decided to put their summer work money into Bitcoin (I gave him a hardware wallet) when he didn’t trust his parents being a co-owner of his bank account and wanted full control of his money.
And this adoption tells me something, that one day these classmates of mine will be willing to accept Bitcoin when they are apart of or own businesses.
Bitcoin is more than just an investment, it’s liberty.
It’s less power to centralization, more power to the people.
Bitcoin allows you to be banked no matter your age, no matter how oppressed your country is, and no matter how much money you have.
I have no doubt that Bitcoin will be here in five years, in 10 years, and I have no doubt I will one day be able to use Bitcoin to pay for my morning coffee.
Lightning network will allow you to buy coffee one day soon.
The true Bitcoin is Bitcoin cash now.
Core is still in the idea faze with less utility than it had in the past.
I totally disagree.
Bitcoin has better developers and most new developments start with Bitcoin first.
With the lightning network one of the most pressing issues (speed/scaling) can be fixed.
Bcash Bcash Bcash.
https://twitter.com/danielalexiuc/status/993667149238435840?s=19.
I support both as they are different but have their own pros and cons.
Having said that I bought some breakfast with BCH last week and it was super easy with negligable fees.
Until lightning transactions become easier to facilitate, I can't see myself using it in the mean time.
[removed]
Very nice.
It’s still Beta for average user, but progressing so fast.
Amazing.
I support both too, but frankly, merely increasing block size from 1MB to something bigger is not the solution I was looking for...it’s a band aid at best.
Patience.
Hopefully Lightning will strike!
Centralized rubbish.
I wouldn’t trust my money in it long term.
You can buy breakfast with a grubby 10 dollar note but that doesn’t make it the future.
[deleted]
Bollocks.
Sorry I forgot I was in the wrong sub where we all just circle jerk.
A grubby $10 is worth the same as a new $10 note.
They are both worth $10.
The cafe I go to offers a discount buying with crypto, BCH in particular because of fees so I'm using the tech that works for me now.
Didn't say anything about the future and my point about ease of use with lightning still stands.
Pretty pathetic that bringing constructive criticism to BTC or the notion that we need to make lightning easier to use so that everyone can use it leads to me getting down voted.
Good job guys and gals.
Bringing up an alt coin with 7% the value of Bitcoin (especially one in which users don't place any value on consensus by the mere fact that they forked without consensus) is why you're getting downvoted.
It is irrelevant to the thread.
It's like saying "That's great OP but have you ever tried bank transfers?!"
Hey man, I'm vested in both sides and I'll just use what works.
BCH is just cheaper now for that particular shop but when BTC is all set up then I'll gladly use that.
I think its good that they are both developing different ideas and have different approaches because that just means more blockchain development and more ideas and we as the end users win.
Some people really want things to be on chain and others don't but its not my place to tell people how they want their funds settled so they can pick whatever they want to use.
It is relevant to the comment, hence why I replied to the comment and not to OP.
The comment said BTC had better developers however its hard to make a claim like that when there was a pretty big bug discovered.
The irony is that it from was from a BCH user as well.
I was simply stating both sides had pros and cons.
You might save a few pennies on a transaction but you lose full percentages on the price which falls harder.
Can't imagine how that really is "cheaper".
If i really want to do cheap transactions i would use my debit card for free and don't bother with any magic internet money.
So far you haven't offered any constructive criticism, only the same old talking points that were discussed for years and ultimately resolved.
Your bias is pretty obvious.

Summary: 
I support both as they are different but have their own pros and cons.
Bitcoin is more than just an investment, it’s liberty.
The true Bitcoin is Bitcoin cash now.
I got mad at the power PayPal had over my money.
I started Bitcoin when PayPal closed my account because I was a minor.
I wouldn’t trust my money in it long term.
They are both worth $10.
I was simply stating both sides had pros and cons.
In the last year, I have had classmates ask me about Bitcoin at least once a week.
