Original Response: 
The frustrating thing about this kind of video is that it sets the non-ABS bike up for failure by contriving a worst case scenario.
This only reinforces the view that ABS is for clumsy newbies and doddering old fools who should just hang up their boots and buy a Camry.
Motorcycling is full of riders who are convinced that they can out-brake an ABS.
In ideal conditions maybe some of them can.
When taken by surprise, maybe not so many, and the consequences of underperforming can be catastrophic.
I don't know if this has been tested for motorcycles, but research into car drivers shows that a good majority consider themselves to be well above average in terms of driving skill/competency (clearly doesn't add up).
Most likely riders are similar - therefore a better ABS vs non-ABS test should:
- use a rider with established high competency/credibility, such as a professional racer
- repeat tests in both ideal and challenging conditions

My guess is that under sufficient pressure, even a pro would fall without the ABS safety net.
It would also be useful to see honest results of comparative braking distance, so that the perceived* merits of non-ABS could be fairly weighed against the drawbacks.
*Standardised testing that I've read on bikes as old as 2002 found that ABS performed better on both wet and dry surfaces, even compared to best non-ABS results.
However one can never get past the theoretical argument, and yes, manual hydraulic braking should be able to match or beat ABS (in theory).
Personally, I love my GTR with ABS and wouldn't go back to a street bike without it.
Do the pro race bikes have ABS?
I'd presume not b/c wieght, plus controlled conditions, and higher average skill level on the track negates *most* of the need for it.
But that would shut ppl up in a hurry.
If those guys use it, then no daily driver is gonna be that good.
Looks like the 2017 and newer Yamaha R6 has ABS available.
Not sure if racers are taking it off or not.
I mean the pro racers - purpose built bikes.
No they dont.
Thiiiiiis!
An honest test would do so much more for ABS.
ABS is prohibited in MotoGP and F1.
Do race cars have airbags?
Hmm .
.
.
interesting opinions from motogp riders about[ traction control](https://www.cycleworld.com/2015/08/14/the-motogp-question-traction-control#page-6).
But ABS is banned?
Wonder why?
No, but they also have MUCH more advanced crash survival cages than road cars do.
But also, MotoGP bikes have some pretty awesome sounding traction control.
They don't, for all the reasons you mentioned.
And sure, if you're never going to ride your bike on the street, only in good weather in controlled circumstances and raw performance is the number one goal, then ABS is unnecessary at best.
But if you're going to ride your bike on the street, where there may be unexpected patches of dirt, surprise poor environmental conditions, lots of cars and pedestrians suddenly doing stupid and unexpected things?
That's another matter entirely.
I agree.
I kinda find it odd that ABS is banned, but they have other forms of traction control.
People are weird.
Exactly.
As I've said elsewhere in this thread, I was a "Meh, ABS is for noobs and poor riders" guy.
All my previous bikes haven't had it, and I've spent a lot of time on each practicing emergency braking to get a good feel for just how far I can push the brakes/tires.
My 2018 MT07 has ABS (you can't *not* have ABS on them), and I've triggered ABS numerous times.
It's been eye opening.
* Sure, you can practice emergency braking all you want, but when shit goes REALLY sideways, it's hard to predict how well you'll do.
* ABS is *wonderful* when riding a bike you're unfamiliar with.
* Changing environment and conditions.
Sure, you practiced emergency braking in that parking lot on a dry day.
Maybe even a wet day.
What about with patches of gravel?
Broken pavement?
Wet leaves?
Oil?
Cold weather or hot?
In an emergency, are you going to take all the factors into account correctly?
* Having ABS removes the uncertainty and reduces underutilization.
I feel MUCH more comfortable braking harder, because I don't fear hitting that threshold.
Thus, I feel comfortable using 100% of my available braking all the time.
As you said, maybe a *really* great rider can out-brake my 2018's ABS.
Maybe even in surprise emergency situations - though I *highly* doubt it.
But while I'm a competent, very experienced rider, I have no illusions - I'm not special in any way.
I've been in enough emergency situations (and accidents, over the years) to know that Shit Happens, and sometimes you just don't react perfectly, even if you react well.
While I'd buy another bike without ABS for sure (and indeed, I'd buy a very classic bike with drum brakes even!)
in terms of everyday street bike?
The bike I ride to work every single day in traffic?
It'll have ABS from now on, no doubt whatsoever.
I didn't take that from this video.
Anyone with half a brain shouldn't scoff at a safety feature.
I was in Arkansas just this morning and the amount of people riding without helmets is astounding.
I have a Suzuki Boulevard M90 (first bike).....doesn't come with ABS.
The size up (M109) comes with ABS.....I really wish I had ABS.
Fishtailing is scary af.
Still haven't laid her down.....yet.
removes skill from the sport.
Same reason why F1 doesn't allow active suspension - they want the driver to be the deciding factor, not just passive passengers on super high tech cars that are doing all the work.
I'm very much a casual F1 viewer but I think the cars play a very large role in F1.
I bet the skill difference between Hamilton and Räikkönen isn't responsible for their standings.
Lately I've been watching Stadium Super Truck racing\[1\], it's a nice change from F1.
Rules are a bit more lax, it appears they are all driving the same platform.
They even have a "competition caution" flag half way through to bunch everybody up again - just to make a more entertaining race.
Also, you can watch everything on youtube, so that's convenient.
\[1\] [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ToNsK4Y\_EY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ToNsK4Y_EY)
No, they do not.
Top level racers would not ever want ABS braking and they may be banned from use.
When the front starts to go it tells them about how much tire they have left, which dictates how hard they'll push.
&gt; only in good weather in controlled circumstances and raw performance is the number one goal, then ABS is unnecessary at best.
MotoGP races don't (usually) get cancelled for rain.
Still controlled circumstances and raw performance being key.
ABS absolutely is extra weight, and MotoGP races don't typically have pedestrians randomly walking out, idiots doing left turns, etc.
Accidents, yes, but surprise hazards are substantially rarer.
What is there to test?
You can't lock up your tires, that's a good thing (most of the time) especially if you dislike crashing your bike.
Totally agree.
Something you said gave me a thought.
The theoretical that manual braking at the exact perfect edge of max grip and no lock up is a lie.
It assumes a very uniform surface and tire.
Even on a race track, that is never true.
Every real world surface has some variation in the maximum possible force that a particular spot in the tire can apply before slipping.
A race track is very uniform, and the contact patch averages out the tiny differences between the asphalt pebbles, but still there are changes in grip.
On a road, we have paint, joints between slabs, oil, etc.
Far worse than a track.
So, in real life, someone would have to be able to compensate with the brake pressure for all such changes or immediately lock up.
After all, the premise is that they are good enough to be right on that edge of grip for maximum braking.
A change in the surface that reduces the max grip will immediately push that tire past the grip and slip.
No human can compensate that well to prevent that, especially at speed.
ABS is not perfect, but it's going to be faster to react to a sudden change.
Another way to look at it...
If someone is so confident that they believe that they will never need ABS, then they can leave it on and know that they will never trigger it.
After all, the tire has to stop rotating before abs does it's thing (at least on my bike).
Seems to me that the best rider will be glad for abs for those, hopefully, very rare moments where it's needed.
What hubris!
assuming that they would never make a mistake when their life is in the line.
Edit: some words became other words.
Fixed.
Dude, I'm pro-ABS.
Read the post I replied to.
Having the non-ABS rider actually doing everything he can instead of slamming the brake would do more to convince the anti-ABS crowd.
&gt; I bet the skill difference between Hamilton and Räikkönen isn't responsible for their standings

Well then, you'd be utterly fucking wrong.
HAM's car currently is worse than the Ferrari Kimi drives.
Despite this HAM is well ahead in the title race and Kimi has no hope of winning it.
Driver still matters.
Which is also why Vettel is chasing HAM and not the other way around.

Summary: 
Do the pro race bikes have ABS?
ABS is prohibited in MotoGP and F1.
* ABS is *wonderful* when riding a bike you're unfamiliar with.
It'll have ABS from now on, no doubt whatsoever.
An honest test would do so much more for ABS.
What is there to test?
I didn't take that from this video.
in terms of everyday street bike?
Even on a race track, that is never true.
Maybe even a wet day.
Motorcycling is full of riders who are convinced that they can out-brake an ABS.
Read the post I replied to.
Do race cars have airbags?
I mean the pro racers - purpose built bikes.
ABS is not perfect, but it's going to be faster to react to a sudden change.
After all, the tire has to stop rotating before abs does it's thing (at least on my bike).
* Having ABS removes the uncertainty and reduces underutilization.
In ideal conditions maybe some of them can.
