Original Response: 
I’m trying to explain to someone I know from Cuba that Bitcoin would be ideal (what I think) for him.
However everything I throw at him he debunks i.e:

Statement: Bitcoin is decentralized you could send money easily to your family and they could use it.
Answer: nope, all internet is government controlled and nobody can use it other then how they tell you to.
How would Bitcoin work for Cubans?
How could they use it to workaround all government policies?
Bitcoin only exists where the internet reaches.
Cuba is so regressively socialst, it's like they are in the stone age.
Damn, no hope then.
That's bs.
If your friend can download and l install a wallet, he can receive bitcoin, period.
That's the whole idea of "censorship resistance".
So... tell him to set up a wallet, and send him some coins.
Maybe he'll have to use a VPN, or TOR.
He'll then witness the true value of Bitcoin.
This is the only likeable comment amont all of them.
You are very very right my friend... and yet u get downvoted only cuz u said its impossible... some people are just too blind to realize bitcoin cant (at least yet) reach everycorner of this planet.
And how the hell u gonna use that?
People in cuba DONT need a store of value right mow!
PEOPLE in cuba need to SPEND, and nor btc or btrash or dash or whatever is suitable for the country now cuz we DONT have 24x7 access to internet + majority of the people are ignorant about it.
I actually agree up to a point.
If they have friends who own bitcoin, he should set up a wallet and friends can send him some.
bitcoin will increase in value over time; he'll love to see that.
The Cuban Peso isn't going to go up in value.
However, when the bitcoin has increased how can he spend it?
How can he convert it back to Pesos?
I'm in the UK and we have so many unfriendly banks it can be a struggle to convert back to Sterling without the banks and tax authorities asking questions.
It's the "in and Out" point where we still need a better solution and especially for 3rd world nations.
There are already solutions for areas with poor internet connectivity.
Check this out: [https://www.coindesk.com/gotenna-bitcoin-wallet-mesh-network/](https://www.coindesk.com/gotenna-bitcoin-wallet-mesh-network/)
They need to rise up in arms a bit and kick out the commies.
Telling Cubans to use bitcoin is hardly better than telling roman slaves they should just get on their space ships and leave.
&gt;However, when the bitcoin has increased how can he spend it?
How can he convert it back to Pesos?
This question reveals a lot about your thoughts, and you're not the only one who thinks this way.
Overcoming these thoughts is actually the number one barrier to bitcoin.
What am I talking about?
Simple.
The answer to the question above is... **he doesn't**.
He just spends bitcoin.
Do you convert your GBP to something else when you wanna spend?
Rhetorical question.
But that is the mindset we need for bitcoin to succeed.
And it will happen where conditions are tough first, and the rest will follow.
Think about it until it sinks in.
How is he gonna use it?
Spend it, of course!
Spend bitcoin, just like he received bitcoin.
He might receive it, yes... considering that someone else created the account for him and controls all his keys 😂

Then, how u gonna send bitcoin if you never go online LOL!
Seriously bro, you don’t know what u are talking about... 

Prolly 70+% of the Cuban population have never opened a website 😂😂😂

But i like you way of thinking.. maybe they can turn into relentless hodlers !
How fucking dumb are you???
What "account" are you talking about?
Download wallet, like Smourai, receive bitcoin.
Who controls the private keys?
If your bitcoin world revolves around Coinbase and the likes, that's your problem, not ours.
You really aren't that bright, aren't you?
Hahahaha what a fuking mongoloide!
How are they gonna download the wallet if there’s *NO-INTERNET* u dicky!
Apple store is blocked and google store barely works!
LOOOOL !
Shut the fuk up if you dont know what u are talking about.
Fuk me this redneck 😂😂.
You are so stupid you hinder progress of humanity.
Not really, you're nowhere near as important.
As for Cubans and their internet, I can guarantee that they are way more resourceful than your limited mind comprehends.
It's pretty clear you are a child of the the first world, couldn't find your way to the toilet without Google maps.
You little mongoloide, didnt u understand that im Cuban and i lived there my whole life?
Dont get mad if you come here talking bullshit about something you know shit about it and someone that actually knows better than you corrects you.
You and all your theories about wallets, internet and bitcoin in Cuba are WRONG WRONG cuz u are a simple “know it all” wannabe putting your nasty nose in the wrong place.
Shut the fuck up and stop arguing cuz u had it all wrong since the very beginning.
Go back to your mom’s ass and keep wanking there in the dark ot simply go and post in r/lonelyhumans if you need some attention designeraccount 😂😂.
Pathetic.
No wonder you left, you are as resourceful as first world kids.
I thought you said all Cubans are more resourceful than my limited mind 😂😂.
You just don’t make any sense... You need a friend or a dog or something.
But perfect piece of advice for you would be mind you own business and stop embarrassing yourself whenever u talk about something u clearly have no idea about :)
You see, it's pretty clear you are of limited intellect.
One, I did not say "all" Cubans.
What I did say is "Cubans are" more resourceful.
That doesn't mean every single one of them, but as a population in general.
As always, there are exceptions.
You are proof.
(Though part of it comes from English not being your first language, I'll give you that.)
Going back to Bitcoin!
YOU ARE WRONG like totally WRONG, u are an arrogant human being who doesn’t pay attention and talk to much bullshit.
I had some comfort in Cuba, yes i give you that, but internet 24x7 wasnt possible even for someone like me, SO, HOW THE HELL IN THIS WORLD ARE OTHER PEOPLE GONNA USE BITCOIN IN CUBA?
There is not (yet) infrastucture to give 24x7 internet to Cubans.
Its is too expensive and i repeat only very few people use the SUPER EXPENSIVE AND SLOW INTERNET we have atm for important things... like no one cares about Internet in Cuba, there are bigger internal issues to deal with, everyone has their own fight.
No time or money to use instagram, facebook or reddit like you!
So again, go back to your initial message and read all the stupidity you wrote about using bitcoin and spend bitcoin in cuba!
You are wrong!
That is simply not possible, you are very stupid when it comes to 3rd world countries it seems.
So go back to your room and keep HODLING your dick while looking at btc graph.

Summary: 
How is he gonna use it?
Spend bitcoin, just like he received bitcoin.
However, when the bitcoin has increased how can he spend it?
What am I talking about?
Bitcoin only exists where the internet reaches.
&gt;However, when the bitcoin has increased how can he spend it?
How would Bitcoin work for Cubans?
One, I did not say "all" Cubans.
And how the hell u gonna use that?
How can he convert it back to Pesos?
Download wallet, like Smourai, receive bitcoin.
What I did say is "Cubans are" more resourceful.
But that is the mindset we need for bitcoin to succeed.
