Original Response: 
Leave it for another 3 years, you will be even happier.
Hodler since 2013.
This happened to me as well but it was several coins from around the same time period.
I hodl no matter what.
Good feeling isn't it?
but get it out of there and make sure you own the private keys.
1 bitcoin should be worth like 500,000 by then!
Maybe more!!!!
!
yes according to the performance,he must be happier.
you are a true bitcoin fan.
I bought in two years ago so I'm still doing good, but I'll be honest, I've lost a lot of confidence in  the market.
How do you feel about the future of bitcoin and its price?
I feel like you'd have an insightful perspective.
Yep!
Hey man, don't worry, that's normal.
I went through the same thing after the 2013 crash.
I had just started my bitcoin startup in the Philippines then, and we watched Bitcoin fall from $1200 down to $190 in a slow and painful bleedout from Jan 2014 to Jan 2015.
By Jan 2016, Mike Hearn, one of the top core developers of Bitcoin who worked directly with Satoshi himself, went out in public and declared Bitcoin a failed experiment and said he sold all his Bitcoin.
Right now Bitcoin is at $6000+ which is INSANE.
But like Andreas says, the price of Bitcoin is the least interesting thing about it!
Even us veterans never expected this, this soon.
I've laid out a lot of my thoughts on Medium, if you're interested in reading more!
Here's an article I wrote early this year: 
https://decentralize.today/its-too-late-nothing-can-stop-the-bitcoin-protocol-738047bb5201.
Man, this is some great insight!
That is a great article as well.
I remember when Bitcoin hit $5k and I was blown away.
6 months later I was pissed off about the "crash" when it was still far beyond my wildest dreams from a year earlier.
Thank you for reminding me that this is a marathon and not about getting rich quick.
This truly revived my hope for Bitcoin.
Glad I asked!
Thank you!
Bitcoin already has its place in history.
It started all of this craziness, this crypto and blockchain world!
Will ot hold its value over time?
As long as it keeps chugging every ten minutes, it just keeps adding to its value, so yes, it probably will.
It does one thing and does it well, no more, no less :)

Summary: 
you are a true bitcoin fan.
I hodl no matter what.
I went through the same thing after the 2013 crash.
Right now Bitcoin is at $6000+ which is INSANE.
Bitcoin already has its place in history.
