Original Response: 
So I picked up a bunch of extras Latias/Latios redeems at Best Buy today so I’m hoping to get some previous events that I missed.
Also!
I wanted to trade two Latias for Latios since I only have sun and US copies so if you’re willing to do that, let me know!
I can soft reset for the right nature as needed.
I WONT BE DOING ANY TRADING UNTIL 8:30PM PST / 10:30PM CST / 11:30PM EST!!
I work full time and that’s when I get home from work.
This also mean I’ll be really slow to respond and I apologize for that ;-; I’ll try and respond as I can!
These are the events I’m primarily looking for:

- Shiny Tapu Koko
- Zeraora
- Worlds Meloetta
- Shiny Silvally
- Any event Jirachi.
Is there anything else besides events that you would take?
I don’t have any of them and really want Latios.
I’ll actually consider pink shinies if you’re able to do that?
(I have a list I’m trying to get :o)
Yea sure, give me the list and I can try and hunt one if I can.
Some shinies I’m after right now:
Espurr, Audino, Popplio and Mincinno

If they’re no IVS I’m hoping at least 2 for one code :o.
Where are you able to hunt for those?
&gt; Audino

Just a heads up, you can easily hunt shiny Audino since it's a wormhole Pokemon.
Do you gotta beat the game to do the wormholes or just the legendary event stuff?
In Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon, you gain access to them just before you’re able to battle the elite 4.
How far is that after Acerolas trial?
I played moon around a year ago but I can’t seem to remember.
It’s not in Moon.
It’s only available in Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon.
It’s at the 4th island.
Yea sorry I meant I played moon before but now I’m playing ultra moon.
Yeah it’s in Poni island.
At the Altar of the Sunne.
There’s guides online on how to shiny hunt at the wormholes.
Those shinies can have up to a 1/3 chance of showing up, without the shiny charm.

Summary: 
(I have a list I’m trying to get :o)
Where are you able to hunt for those?
I don’t have any of them and really want Latios.
It’s at the 4th island.
