Original Response: 
The local news here (I live in Pittsburgh) was having so much fun with Gritty tonight.
They mocked him for a solid ten minutes, then there was a pause, and the sports anchor said “bias aside, I kind of love it” and there was general agreement.
I honestly love it.
It's so ridiculous and philly.
I'm just glad they didn't go Chad Gnash on us.
So my wife just had a stroke of real genius.
She figured they should have made the mascot a bulldog — like the broad street bulldog.
With that said, I agree completely.
It’s ridiculous and fun and everything a mascot should be.
It's so ridiculous and such a bad idea in every way that I enjoy it.
That being said, isn't the mascot supposed to be a pilot?
I mean, I don't think the mascot is "supposed" to be anything.
It's just a marketing tool...why not have some fun with it, yanno?
I don't think it's a wholly bad idea because of the phanatic -- its in the same sort of theme, imo.
...yanno.
I mean, what else is there to talk about in Pittsburgh.
&gt;I mean, I don't think the mascot is "supposed" to be anything.
I disagree, it's supposed to be representative of the mascot/team.
The Penguins have a Penguin.
The Caps have an Eagle.
Even the Stars' alien makes sense.
I don't even know what this thing is!
Again, that all being said, it's so ridiculous that I enjoy it.
Dude, having grown up in London and DC, do you know how lovely it is to live out here now?
The news tonight was about a schoolbus that skidded into a ditch because of the rain, Le'veon Bell trade rumors, a few random things about local politics, and then this in the last bit before closing and going to the national news.
Sixers used to have "Phil E Moose" so they should have the "Bull E Bulldog"
I think it makes sense because of the Phanatic like I said...if the phanatic wasn't there it'd make zero sense, but since it's sort of the coke-addled 2nd cousin of the phanatic, it works!
You run the risk of taking it too seriously and having it be lame sometimes (I think Slapshot, our eagle, is kind of tryhard, e.g.
while I think Iceburgh is amazing)
oh that's good, I like that.
It could have a spot over one eye like some bulldogs have, but so it looks like a black eye too.
It sounds like you're saying there wasn't anything else to talk about.
exactly, and i love that.
I was so tired of all the crime and corruption and national spillover stories in DC.
It's nice to be someplace relatively simple and easy going.
"Simple" is a great way to put it.
I lived for 5 years in Philly while getting my masters.
It's a lot like there actually, before you go getting holier than thou :)

Summary: 
It's so ridiculous and philly.
while I think Iceburgh is amazing)
Again, that all being said, it's so ridiculous that I enjoy it.
I don't even know what this thing is!
oh that's good, I like that.
