Original Response: 
It's easy to conflate powerlessness with innocence.
Even if someone is too young to have done anything wrong, they're still conceived of sinful parents, and with a sinful nature.
After all children don't need to be taught to lie, that comes naturally to them.
They need to be taught to tell the truth.
I'm not saying that little kids go to hell when they die.
Because im fact it is written:

&gt; Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little children, ye shall not enter into the kingdom of heaven.
Whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child, the same is greatest in the kingdom of heaven.
Children have a special humility to them that brings them close to god, but that doesn't mean they have a perfect sinless nature.
All humans are conceived and born sinners except for Jesus Christ.
You’re not born a sinner.
If that was the case, Messiah would have been a sinner because it was said multiple times he was and is a man and that innocent children would be going to hell if they died.
You're not born a sinner, you're conceived a sinner.
That still makes no sense.
The Bible makes no reference to that.
You can’t be pulling things outta your ass.
And Mary if you’re catholic.
Uh... yes it does.
Psalm 51:5  " Surely I was sinful at birth, sinful from the time my mother conceived me."
Does that mean Yeshua was a sinner?
No.
Why?
A child isn’t aware of what is good and evil, especially someone who isn’t born yet.
Yeshua was a man on the earth so it would have also applied to him.
Yes, we have a sin nature because of Adam but that doesn’t automatically make one a sinner.
How do you interpret that verse then?
also it doesn't apply to Christ because he was not conceived by man.
He is a man, is he not?
It was said he was tried or tempted as we are but he did not sin.
&gt; “For we do not have a High Priest unable to sympathize with our weaknesses, but One who was tried in all respects as we are, apart from sin.”
‭‭Iḇ`rim (Hebrews)‬ ‭4:15‬ ‭TS2009‬‬http://bible.com/316/heb.4.15.ts2009

How did he do it?
He overcame the lusts of the flesh.
Although she still needed a Savior.

Summary: 
You’re not born a sinner.
He is a man, is he not?
Does that mean Yeshua was a sinner?
You're not born a sinner, you're conceived a sinner.
