Original Response: 
I'm the scientific director of Arthritis Research Canada, the largest clinical arthritis research centre in North America.
I care about improving the lives of people living with the more than 100 different forms of arthritis.
I hope that research, one day, leads to a world without this life-changing disease.
Find out more about me here: http://www.arthritisresearch.ca/john-esdaile

Proof: http://www.arthritisresearch.ca/im-dr-john-esdaile-ask-me-anything


Thank you to everyone who participated in my AMA.
I'm sorry if I didn't have time to get to your questions.
If you would like the opportunity to ask me and some of my Arthritis Research Canada colleagues questions, please join us at the annual Reaching Out with Arthritis Research public forum on September 29th at the Ismaili Centre in Burnaby or via live webcast: http://www.arthritisresearch.ca/roar

Dr. John Esdaile.
How can weightlifting help my bones?
Thanks in advance, Doctor.
There are several ways!
Weight lifting is a weight bearing exercise and strengthens the bones.
Aerobic activities like running - which increase a person's heart rate - reduce inflammation and help prevent disability for those with arthritis.
All weight bearing exercise - like weight lifting - strengthen the bones and prevent osteoporosis and hip fracture.
Aerobic exercises like running increase the heart rate and reduce inflammation in individuals who have some arthritis.
How is that different from the increase in heart rate via something like stimulants?
Any advice for coaxing a reluctant parent with RA to consider such activities?
My mother is convinced that any physical activities make her feel worse.
She's creating a self-perpetuating cycle.
Swimming and water aerobics help me.
I’m the youngest in the aerobics classes by about 50 years, but it helps build the muscles supporting my joints and helps me not feel so winded.
Once you get past that “I’m so winded I’m gonna die” threshold that all new exercisers get, it’s a lot less painful to switch to weight bearing activities.
It’s exhausting at first and my joints did swell a little, but your body adjusts.
Your mother is right that physical activity will make her feel worse in the short term...anyone who goes from zero exercise to some exercise would agree that their body is more sore initially.
With autoimmune diseases, we live in a constant state of sore and exhausted, so the idea of adding to that is daunting.
So much of it is mental and building up to a routine from zero.
I got back into exercise by promising myself I’d do 20-30 min of cardio 2 days a week (walking, swimming) and 2 days of light weight-bearing exercise (Pilates, yoga, super mild weight lifting).
Good luck to your mom!
In my experience for people with inflammatory arthritis there's a VERY fine line between the amount of activity that can help and the amount that will have you laid up in bed for days.
It can instill a real fear of exercise because we often don't know exactly where that line is on any given day.
Plus unless you're at a gym, a lot of times when you hit your limit you might be a 100 yards away from where your car is parked, for example, and that last 100 yards ends up biting you in the ass.
The result is that we're sometimes hesitant to exercise at all, even though we KNOW in our heads that exercise can help.
I've found what helps is starting VERY slowly, IE one week walking a half mile at a slow pace.
Then you would gradually increase the distance every week (maybe by 1/4 mile?)
until you hit a set amount (for me 2 miles is about right), at which point you would then increase the speed gradually until it's a fast walk.
This can be applied to other types of exercise too.
It really does help to have a concrete plan and to know that what I'm doing is within my limits.
And also not to beat myself up if I'm having a flare and I can't do as much as I'm used to.
Sometimes even going to the grocery store is too much, and that's okay.
This is an illness, after all.
Short answer: You're exercising your body during aerobic exercise while a stimulant does not exercise your body.
I have lupus and not RA, but thank you SO MUCH for articulating it in this way.
I know the people trying to “coax” me into things mean well, and am glad they can’t relate to that fine line, but it can feel so isolating to have people close to me dismiss my valid caution as a willingness to perpetuate my own poor health.
I’m sure the person you responded to only has the best intentions, so I really hope they find value in such a well-worded explanation.
Thanks again.
The actual act of moving muscles and joints are the safe and correct way to benefit from the positive symptoms of exercise.
&gt; In my experience for people with inflammatory arthritis there's a VERY fine line between the amount of activity that can help and the amount that will have you laid up in bed for days.
Oh boy I know that feeling.
One day I can be hiking *all day* doing so many things.
The next day I cant even open up a bottle of milk.
It makes no sense but overexerting leads me to have joint pain in unrelated joints.
I have RA and am taking biologics.
TIL!
My mom is 84 and has severe RA - she insists that her best exercise is gentle stretching and T’ai Ch’i.
There are days she can’t move out of a chair.
But when she feels better she goes back to her exercises.
I wish that was the case for my RA!
I'm running through biologics every 1 to 3 years!
I can barely walk to the corner of the street to get the mail, and I'm only 41!
Cool so just smoke lots of meth to get the ole' heart rate up and I'll be good to go.
Thanks doc!
How do bones get stronger by doing weightlifting?
I would like to know the science behind that.
Amen!
I've also heard T'ai Ch'i really helps!
My grandmother actually does it, though she has OA so it's a little different.
She says it also makes her feel good about herself in a way that other exercise doesn't.
I want to try it someday!
I was really surprised what swimming did for my legs (starting at about age 50 - I'm in my 60s now).
My knees are much knobbier, I think to accomodate the stronger muscles attached to them.
I suspect I have better bone mass than before.
And of course, swimming is completely non-impact.
Yes I’ve tried it and I like it, but got away from it - I don’t know why.
I need to get back to a group.
See, what stood out to me, was the "which increase a person's heart rate" part of the doctor's comment.
That is obviously a key element is it not?
I wouldn't expect someone to get more muscle from just taking a stimulant and doing no exercise.
But maybe in a better worded sense, would taking a stimulant be equivalent to exercise in regards to the heart?
But how does that [exercise] affect the heart differently than stimulants which also increase heart rate?
Basically, both modalities can increase heart rate, while the stimulants will be affecting the heart rate by chemical messages sent out by the nervous system from the former and heart rate increasing by the demands of the body knowing that it needs to facilitate more blood to the exercising muscles in the latter.
I want to pretend I know exactly what I’m talking about, so whoever knows the exact mechanisms can chime in.
But obviously if you needed to choose between which one is the superior method of losing weight between the two WHILE at the same time taking consideration of not bringing along any long term side effects is stimulating the heart rate via exercise, since movement in itself will stimulate all of your body systems such as the lymphatic, musculoskeletal, nervous, etc etc systems.
I also think I read somewhere that if the heart rate is induced (very fast heart rate) by stimulants/drugs , there will be some negative blood pressure issues.
How quickly does arthritis typically progress?
I have lupus and feel like I need to squeeze in as much now as I can because so many people end up on disability (and then the extra activity of squeezing everything in causes more joint pain from overdoing it - I’m struggling to find a balance.)
Lupus varies from mild to severe.
However, it is generally treatable.
The majority of people can keep working.
For severe cases, it takes a team - including arthritis, skin and kidney doctors, physios, etc.
- but the outlook is getting better and better for people.
You have to cut yourself some slack as lupus is a serious inflammatory disease.
&gt; You have to cut yourself some slack as lupus is a serious inflammatory disease.
Thank you.
I've got lupus as well, but it's still pretty mild all things considered.
I can work most days.
But then there are the days when I can't lift anything, I feel like my muscles are jello, and that I'm just exhausted from the inside out.
It can be hard to keep things in perspective.
&gt; You have to cut yourself some slack as lupus is a serious inflammatory disease.
Thank you.
I've got lupus as well, but it's still pretty mild all things considered.
I can work most days.
But then there are the days when I can't lift anything, I feel like my muscles are jello, and that I'm just exhausted from the inside out.
It can be hard to keep things in perspective.
&gt; You have to cut yourself some slack as lupus is a serious inflammatory disease.
Thank you.
I've got lupus as well, but it's still pretty mild all things considered.
I can work most days.
But then there are the days when I can't lift anything, I feel like my muscles are jello, and that I'm just exhausted from the inside out.
It can be hard to keep things in perspective.
Llll
L.
Good advice!
I’m a little less then a year into using benlysta (after cellcept and imuran) and I’m hopeful we’ll continue seeing new and better medications as time goes on.
Many times Lupus goes quiescent later in life.
I no longer even tested positive for lupus in my late 30’s but unfortunately my kidneys didn’t make it.
Out of curiosity, Do you take anything for it?
Prednisone, immunosuppresants?
Interesting!
Thankfully my internal organs haven't taken too much of a hit yet, but I'm only 24~
I take plaquenil!
It's an anti-malarial that's pretty much gold standard for daily maintenance treatment.
I take prednisone when I flare up, but thankfully I haven't flared bad enough to merit it in over a year!
I have Lupus as well and I started with Plaquenil and now switched to Prednisone.
My doc wanted a less taxing drug and I haven't had any problems so its working.
Psychologist who used to work with chronic pain conditions here, and also a sufferer of RA myself.
This is really, really common - trying to squeeze everything in because you feel OK today, but it only leaves you feeling crappy the next day.
This cycles so the next day you feel like you can squeeze everything in, you do, which leaves you feeling terrible again .
Rinse and repeat, and eventually you can do less and less before you feel terrible.
This isn't really the condition getting worse, it's your body predicting that youre going to over do it and making it hurt earlier to make you stop sooner so you don't actually make your condition worse.
The biggest advice is to take it easier on your good days, and if you do need a day off, just take a damn day off.
Pace yourself, don't push yourself - there's a difference.
Google 'boom and bust' and 'pacing with chronic pain', there's also a really useful book I can find the name of if anybody is interested.
This is really helpful!
I earn two days of PTO a month (and have accrued about a month off already) and finally have been letting myself use them “just because” and using that day to just binge Netflix which has been making a huge difference.
I'll take any help I can get with figureling out how to live life with lupus and RA.
If you find the name of that book or can suggest anything else PM me please.
I never know if what I am feeling is even real or just in my head.
Plaquenil ftw.
Any sort of normalcy I have to my life post lupus diagnosis, I feel like I owe to that tiny white pill.
[deleted]
I have ankylosing spondylitis and currently have only biologic treatments left to try.
I'm very scared to try these meds because if the side effects, are there any new treatments?
What's your opinion on stem cell treatment?
For people who have failed the older treatments, the new biologic drugs can be dramatically effective.
More than half say they are back to normal after taking them.
One usually knows if they are going to work within 3-4 months so the risk of taking them is not high.
Also, many of the side effects we feared early on are much less common and some are non-existent.
I would consider trying them.
There is no evidence that stem cell treatment is beneficial at this time.
I have PsA and Remicade has saved my life.
It's much easier on your body than methotrexate or steroids.
Once I even got over dosed accidently, the nurse put in 800 units of Remicade instead of 400.
Absolutely nothing happened.
The doctor was like 'meh, it's just cells' it's not like overdosing on something serious like Tylenol.
Your risk of lymphoma does go up, but when I looked at the actual numbers it was something like your risk goes from 1 in 100 to 1 in 20 (doctor check my math here!)
BUT even so, my risk of breast cancer is 1in 8.
So I'm still way more likely to die of that.
In the end I chose being able to walk over fear, and I've never felt better.
Even if I end up with lymphoma tomorrow, these past five years were worth it.
I have it too.
Couldn't walk properly for years.
If you haven't already tried it, switch to a whole food diet.
Saved my life!
Look for foods high in fibre, fruit, veggies(lots), nuts, seeds, brown/black/long grain rice, quinoa, any meat, natural fats, naturally fermented and cultured dairy, natural oils such a coconut, olive oil, duck fat, and anything natural.
Paleo and keto diets pretty much get you there, but you can still eat complex carbohydrates.
Go for 20-50 grams of fibre a day if you can, not taking fibre supplements.
Don't eat anything processed, i.e.
pasta, bread, chips, candy, fast food, stuff with loads of sugar, transfats, margarine or manufactured spreads.
Stick to it for a few months and you should see a difference.
Once it all settles down you'll find you can have a little of those processed things, but if you go too far it'll flare up.
Stopping the condition with prevention is far more effective than all these medications that don't really work.
No doctor ever prescribed this to me, but I know several people with the condition who are now living normal happy mobile pain free from this change in diet...
Wish I could give you a big hug because I know how hard it is going through what you are right now.
Don't give up!
Hey!
Been taking Humira since I was 16 and I’m 27 now.
I’m doing well and haven’t had any issues.
I go on long hikes with a heavy pack, lift weights, mountain bike, and swim.
Every now and then there will be some tenderness somewhere (Achilles tendinitis) but for the most part I’m golden.
One thing I’ve found in the past year or so is that stretching everyday is critical.
My hips and lower back get tight easily and stretching goes a long way to feeling “loose”.
I would much rather live a shorter life to the fullest then be bound to a bed.
I legit could barely walk before I got diagnosed.
I’m in better shape now than I was at 18.
It’s a risk versus reward thing and I believe the reward far out ways the risk.
Feel free to PM me with any questions you have!
Yep, I did Remicade for over a decade, and other biologics since.
My doctor says we’re actually less likely to die of cancer, because we get screened more than the ~~normies~~ general public, so anything we do get is caught early.
I have had RA since I was 6.
I'm 52 now.
I've been on Enbrel for over 10 years with zero adverse affects.
The difference is night and day!
My co-pay is $10/month, thanks to the Enbrel Assistance program.
Good luck to you!
Risk of cancer (except nonmelanoma skin cancers) is NOT significantly higher with use of biologics.
20 years of data on tnf inhibitors  and several large metaanalyses of both registry and  trial data have pretty much countered this as a major concern.
If any increased risk at all, it appears to be a very small increase in RELATIVE risk for an outcome with a baseline quite low ABSOLUTE risk.
In fact, they even appear safe in people with history of cancer in remission, and we even use them sometimes in people WITH currrent cancer suffering from side effects from immunotherapy.
You know what DOES increase risk of lymphoma?
RA.
And speculating, but likely chronic immune stimulation from many untreated rheumatic diseases.
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/28284845/.
(among several other similar studies)
I did remicade for 4 years before my body became allergic to it and we had to stop it.
:( I did infusions monthly but one month it all went wrong and ended up in the ICU overnight.
Not fun.
Now on rituxumb.
Which I could go back to remicade.
:(

I’ve been on treatments since 1993 (I was two) and my RA has been awful the past year.
You’ll be fine and good!
Just watch out for infections and do your best to stay healthy (exercise, don’t eat only bad food, god sleeping patterns, etc.
).
I have psoriatic arthritis and I've been on Enbrel since I was 15 and I'm 23 now, honestly the only side effect I've experienced is a compromised immune system.
I used to get sick a lot and I've had a few abscesses but nothing major, and since using hand sanitizer/washing more often I haven't gotten sick at all.
Biologics are really worth it IMO, I literally can't move without this stuff.
I've had to go off it before and after two weeks I can't walk or use my hands but I'm fine within days of taking the shot.
Did you take methotrexate during that time?
I'm taking low dose of 7.5mg once a week and 1mg of folic acid daily.
According to my doctor that decreases risk of developing antibodies for it.
Since you already developed them is probably too late for Remicade, but maybe you can try other biologics.
Another AS patient here!
Biologics took me from being practically bedridden to being able to exercise and hold a full time job.
I had a lot of side effects with Enbrel and Humira, but have been doing amazingly well on Cosentyx for the last 18 months.
Cosentyx doesn’t have the risk of lymphoma and I’ve had literally zero side effects and the injection is painless.
Everyone is different and I held off on trying biologics for two years because of fears of side effects, but I’m so glad I tried them.
Good luck and join us at r/ankylosingspondylitis!
Hey!
I have AS (since 17, properly diagnosed at 23) and they switched me to a biologic after my old medication didn't help as much as it should and wasn't allowing me to get preggo.
I was scared shitless of potential side effects and held off switching to it for 6+ months.
That was a mistake... after I finally caved (last November) and tried the injection I was PAIN FREE in less than 2 days!
I even ran in my yard.
4.5 months later got pregnant and am still basically pain free with no other side effects other than bruising at injection site.
I use Cimzia and honestly it has changed my life.
I no longer swear every time I sneeze.
I had the same fears and stuck with methotrexate for a long time because of those fears.
I finally reached the end of my rope and went to Humira.
The improvements began within weeks.
Before Humira, I had extreme sensitivity and swelling in my hands and feet (had to use VR software at work because I could no longer type), sore lower back, low energy, etc.
Within 1 year, the only pain I had left was in a single joint on one hand (and that pain was about a 4/10).
I've been taking it now for at least 5 years and no side effects.
In fact, I would say the side effects from methotrexate and celebrex were significantly worse.
I know it's a big jump, but I think it is worth exploring to stop progression of the condition.
Which treatments in particular are they recommending for you?
I've been on them (biologics) since their Inception and they have literally saved my life!
If I contract cancer tomorrow as a result it would still be worth it.
I’m on like 50 mg daily of prednisone.
I used to be on methotrexate but I have such bad side effects and I drink on weekends so my rheum won’t put me on it since alcohol isn’t safe with methotrexate.
I’ve been on biologics for Crohn’s disease for more than 15 years and I’ve experienced minimal side effects, and they’ve seriously improved my disease.
Especially as they get more and more targeted, the side effects are minimal for a lot of people.
I would consider them.
AFAIK stem cell is still quite a long way off for auto immune issues, tho TBF I haven’t looked at it in years.
I have AS too.
I have been on Enebrel for half my life and haven’t suffered one side effect.
Don’t let your fear of medicine or the very unlikely side effects bar you from getting help.
It’s worth at least a shot.
No pun intended.
Which are these new drugs?
A close relative of mine has been suffering from arthritis since a long time and is one the heavier side, sitting on the floor has almost become a no-no and so has standing or walking long distances
Can something be suggested because many doctors and clinics have been visited but with no actual results 
Can this condition be completely eliminated?
I’m 26 with Ankylosing Spondylitis, and I’ve tried basically everything over the past 13 years.
Biologics have been the most effective of the treatments I’ve tried, and have allowed me to maintain relief long term while skipping doses for months at a time (the longest I’ve gone between doses was 9 months before I felt like I needed it.
If I have a flair up, a shot usually takes about a week before I feel the effects.
I am not the rheumatologist, but:

Arthritis is not ankylosing spondylitis.
I believe some types of arthritis, such as psoriatic arthritis and possibly inflammatory arthritis, can be treated with biologics, but garden variety arthritis cannot be.
Rheumatoid arthritis can be treated using these biological, however osteoarthritis (OA - the common arthritis from overuse of joints) cannot be.
The only thing shown to delay the progression of OA is non-pharmaceutical treatments such as lifestyle change and weight loss.
Medication wise to treat the pain, Tylenol is first line, or you can do things like intra-articular corticosteroid injections.
If these aren’t controlling it you can consider adding something like tramadol or duloxetine in addition to Tylenol!
I've been talking it for about three years.
It is a life changer.
I have this.
Its a beast of a disease with an absolutely stupid name.
Thoughts to you (from my bed!)
Same here.
I was diagnosed with RA 20 years ago and tried various drugs for 10 years.
They all eventually failed and had varying levels of success, Enbrel has kept me mostly symptom free for 10 years.
Ankylosing spondylitis is not arthritis but it can be treated with the same biologics that are used for rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis.
It’s an autoimmune disease in the same family and comes with a lot of inflammatory pain.
Osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common type of arthritis out there.
It's mainly a wear-and-tear disorder with some genetic variation sprinkled in.
If you're heavy, you're putting a lot more wear-and-tear on those knee and hip joints.
If you're a dedicated marathon runner, you're also at increased risk of developing OA.
Once joint tissue is worn away, there's no magic to get it back.
In terms of therapy, you can slow the progression of OA with lifestyle changes - losing weight, stop running marathons, etc.
OA can be completely eliminated with a total joint replacement.
The joint replacement completely stops pain for a majority of patients and many are back on their feet and enjoying life within a few weeks.
It won't ever get back to the way it was before OA struck, but you can live out your twilight years in relative comfort.
[deleted]
Ive been on Enbrel (biological injection) for ankylosing spondylitis and it has dramatically improved my quality of life.
I have no pain, stiffness or the fatigue usually associated with such a condition.
Its been 7 years and i have yet to have any side effects, my immune system is still strong as ever and im able to do physical work without any pains.
I cant recommend going down this path any more.
Biologics are what have made such a difference for me with my aggressive RA!!
Humira ftw!!!
!
What are you referring to as “garden variety” Arthritis?
Rheumatoid Arthritis, one of the most common types, can be treated with biologics.
As someone who started Humira a few months and began to see tangible results within 36 hours (!!
), I’m so happy to read this.
Specifically I meant arthritis that does not have an autoimmune component, so osteoarthritis.
This was how my rheum explained it to me.
Gotcha, as someone with an autoimmune variant (PsA) I guess I often forget about how common osteoarthritis is.
Cymbalta is ass and I ended up with random muscle twitching for a few years after I stopped taking it.
It didn’t even help with the chronic musculoskeletal pain lmao.
I'm glad remicade worked for you :) the pharmacist should have caught that dose error.
Smh.
Was that in an infusion center or something?
That is amazing.
What results did you begin to see that quickly?
Cymbalta fucked me up six weeks from Sunday, and I only took it for a week.
I'm still recovering two months later.
Not worth it.
My knees were major issues for me.
I had my first dose same day as I got my diagnosis, in the morning (my rheum was adamant that I not go down the route of started with MTX, etc, so I went with it).
The next day at work I hit some stairs and noticed my knees felt better than normal, even on good days I always felt stairs pretty hard.
Then after work I stopped off for dinner on my way home.
I stood up from my table at one point to go get a refill of Diet Coke and it dawned on me that it was the first time I had stood up in years without at least twinges of knee pain.
My knees at that moment felt normal.
I almost lost it right there in public, so I quickly gathered me things and rushed to my car and cried, I was so overwhelmed.
A few months in and it’s night and day.
I have a few joints that has gotten pretty damaged pre-diagnosis that give me lingering issues but it’s amazing how much better it is and how many issues are almost completely absent.
Hello stranger, I think you should give biologics a shot.
If you have a good doctor, they can discuss with you the risk benefits of biologics treatment.
I've heard of many stories where biologics significantly changing patient lives for the better.
With that said, there are side effects but are rare (still can happen) but definitely manageable over careful monitoring.
If you have any questions, please pm me!
I am an intern pharmacist.
And have done many presentations on disease modifying antirheumatic drugs.
I was on prednisone 10 mg for over a year and one week I was out of town and ran out.... oh my god I experienced the worst withdrawals.
Thankfully I’m on Cimzia and not having to take methotrexate anymore.
Yeah.
Something happened with my insurance and they randomly stopped covering it &amp; yeah.
I legit felt like a drug addict it was so bad.
I was bed ridden for multiple days.
I started humira for AS and I always say it was like a miracle drug for me.
I almost instantly stopped having the stiffness in the morning and I rarely have the SI joint pain I used to constantly have.
When I do it's really mild and usually just right before I'm due for my next dose.
Haven't had any side effects so far, been on it about 1.5 years.
Ankylosing Spondylitis is a seronegative form of arthritis.
It's arthritis, I assure you.
And it's definitely not osteoarthritis.
It has no inflammatory markers, but can be diagnosed other ways.
Biologics that are used for Ankylosing Spondylitis include Humira, Enbrel, Simponi, Stelara, Cosentyx, Remicade, etc.
Source: Diagnosed with AS six years ago and have been on every one of those drugs.
Ankylosing Spondylitis is 100% an autoimmune disease.
It attacks the spine, sometimes viciously.
I stand corrected.
Thank you.
what side effects did you have with humira?
No worries.
I was diagnosed with AS at age 20, am 56 now and would love to join this subreddit.
Is it private?
I have it, and also Psoriasis— I am on Taltz, is there crossover help with this biologic?
Taltz is similar to Cosentyx.
They're both IL-17 inhibitors.
I haven't heard of combining two biologics.
Sometimes a rheumatologist will add a DMARD on to a biologic, though.
IL-17 inhibitors are approved for both diseases, though.
I'm not sure if Taltz is yet though.
Pharmacists don't mix it since it's put in an IV, the infusion nurse did.
I'm pretty sure she got a stern talking to, but honestly it wasn't a big deal in the end.
Well besides it being expensive - that stuff is like $3k a pop soooo.... Yikes.
I don’t think Cymbalta is indicated for OA as approved treatment.
Tylenol isn’t proven effective for OA of hand OA of MCP, DIP, or PIP joints.
Intraarticular corticosteroid injections are only approved for knee OA.
I think the go to now is Tylenol everywhere except the hands, and topical NSAIDs for hands and knee, no hip.
At least that’s what ACR 2015 is into.
Edit: ACR guidelines for OA were last updated in 2012, not 2015.
I thought the most recent ACR guidelines for OA were 2012?
That’s what I’m going off of.
There’s new guidelines slated to be released in 2019 also.
Oh wow that's awful.
That's my nightmare scenario - everything is so delicately balanced now, if I lose one of my drugs I'm afraid I'll fall off a cliff again.
What happened was it an anaphylactic reaction or something else?
So why all the big warnings and stuff over it?
If that was all proved wrong why am I constantly being screened?
Honest question, not being snarky.
Got me on that one.
RA was updated in 2015.
My story is similar to yours.
Was diagnosed at 17 and I’m 28 now.
I wasn’t so great at taking my meds in the beginning and now I’ve suffered tendon damage in my hands because of it.
I’ve got swan fingers and ulnar deviation, my one regret is not being compliant with my meds.
I’ve been on Cimzia for 2.5 yrs and I feel like it’s finally under control.
Agree.
If I put ‘Cymbalta is Ass’ on a T-shirt and make two, where do I send yours?
Made me puke nonstop.
And yeah I guess duloxetine is only approved for knee OA.
Everything else off label.
I've been on Cosentyx for a similar amount of time.
I love this stuff.
I was taking weekly Enbrel before, which sucked because Enbrel fucking hurt.
I don't know how they do it, but Cosentyx injections really are painless.
The first time I got one I didn't think it worked right because I didn't really feel it.
Hey!
I'm on Cimzia (for Crohn's and arthritis that I get as an extra-intestinal symptom-my rheum thought for some time I had AS, but I don't believe I do).
I highly recommend biologics as it drastically improved my symptoms.
It's scary, but very helpful and the pros outweigh the cons :)
RA here.
Of all the medications I've been on, remicade was my favorite.
I developed an allergy though so now I'm on cimzia.
A close second, but inconvenient in comparison.
Interesting that your doctor took that route without trying mtx first.
Nonetheless, I am so happy for you :) we take so many things for granted.
I hope nothing but continued awesomeness for you!
Without getting into specifics, there were some concerns about side effects that might have been an issue with my specific circumstances.
I began Enbrel when I decided I wanted to try to get pregnant (methotrexate is not safe to take whatsoever while attempting to get pregnant/ or while pregnant).
It was (still is) amazing.
I went from weekly flare ups to one every few months.
I've been on it for almost 7 years.
Yeah I’m two days overdue on my shot right now.
I’m gonna be getting engaged soon so I’m trying to really stay on top of it.
In college I was just like “screw it I’ll die early of cancer so none of this matters”.
Realizing that taking care of myself was not only for my benefit but for the people I love really changed my attitude.
AS can be depressing and feels like wearing a lead blanket some days but you just have to push mentally to get through it.
I don’t really ever talk about my condition so for me this thread has been a great release for me.
Yeah if you haven’t ever taken it the first one provides relief.
Not the amount of relief that months of using it does but if you’ve been living with AS without any medication or remedy just going from verge of tears to walk to bathroom to walking with a slight limp goes a long way psychologically.
Initial concern from early data.
RA is assoc with higher risk of cancer, and in early studies there was confounding by indication (sicker patients more likely to get drug and at higher cancer risk, so looks like drug assoc with higher risk).
Hard to get black box warnings reversed, I assume, and hard to disseminate data once people get freaked out.
Also the n of 1 is powerful in medicine.
Once a doc has 1 patient get a cancer on drug, we have a tendency to take that to heart.
I do screen patients annually for skin cancer.
Beyond that, normal age appropriate cancer screening is the standard.
Certain diseases do get more aggressive screening due to cancer risk in disease (ie dermatyositis).
For some reason, the sub you linked to won't open.
My wife was just diagnosed and I want to send this to her.
I was diagnosed with RA four years ago at age 30, first two years on Humira which I did not tolerate well.
Last two years on Enbrel and it's a fantastic drug.
Other than getting tired easier than a normal person, I live an active life.
I work full time, have an active social life, walk 4+ miles a day.
Enbrel was truly a game changer with my RA.
I also have chronic sinusitis and would get sinus infections every 2-3 months on Humira, now down to about one every year to year and a half which was normal prior to my symptoms/diagnosis.
Thanks for the feedback.
I've had many rheumatologists who have told me taking biologocs increases the chance of lymphoma.
I have had RA for 8 years now.
You're kind of just an internet strangers saying the opposite of what the medical community does so I think it's best most people ignore you.
I also have AS.
I tried different pain killers, both narcotic and anti inflammatory, with some, but not complete relief.
I ended up in the ER in severe pain due to gastritis more than once (a side effect of the anti-inflammatories).
My symptoms started at 25, but was until I was 35 did I get a proper diagnosis and start biologics.
I was absolutely terrified of the potential side effects, especially the infection ones.
Humeria changed my life overnight.
I was in so much pain that I didn't realize how much pain I was in until it was there anymore.
I had to buy new shoes, my feet went down a half size from the swelling going down.
I don't have to spend 20 minutes stretching before I can start moving in the morning, and my hip doesn't keep me in pain anymore at night.
Heck, I didn't even realize how much my feet hurt from AS.
My job keeps me on my feet all day and I always attributed my swelling and pain to that.
I'm meticulous about hand washing and keeping hand sanitizer with me at all times.
But it's completely worth it.
I still get mild flares, and can feel a little sore in the day or two before a shot.
I still take a more mild anti-inflammatory twice a day but it doesn't eat my stomach up, and I definitely don't need a narcotic either.
But biologics have been a miracle drug that's worth the risk, a hundred times over for me.
It's scary and expensive, but so worth it.
You should consider Otezla.
I have both and it's been extremely effective for me (I have a thumb I can use again!)
with way less side effects than biologics, and the ones I do have are pretty minor in severity (nausea mostly).
\[The Canadian Arthritis Society doesn't agree with you on that one.\]([https://www.arthritis.ca/about-arthritis/arthritis-types-(a-z)/types/ankylosing-spondylitis](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.arthritis.ca%2Fabout-arthritis%2Farthritis-types-(a-z)%2Ftypes%2Fankylosing-spondylitis&amp;h=AT2sDnlkrFnl6ql96IxcSr4uJWe22fiZBPWBrN13WwC854pQBCnpKLTsBM4P8pXoKSWCHsbfoMRSAgZPQqctyuNOCUH_O8X9zJ3pVG3SgW0LoEmAWNR6t3tHNPdKui9hkC0))
The Canadian Arthritis Society \[doesn't agree with you on that one.\]([https://www.arthritis.ca/about-arthritis/arthritis-types-(a-z)/types/ankylosing-spondylitis](https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.arthritis.ca%2Fabout-arthritis%2Farthritis-types-(a-z)%2Ftypes%2Fankylosing-spondylitis&amp;h=AT2sDnlkrFnl6ql96IxcSr4uJWe22fiZBPWBrN13WwC854pQBCnpKLTsBM4P8pXoKSWCHsbfoMRSAgZPQqctyuNOCUH_O8X9zJ3pVG3SgW0LoEmAWNR6t3tHNPdKui9hkC0))
The Canadian Arthritis Society \[doesn't agree with you on that one.\]([https://www.arthritis.ca/about-arthritis/arthritis-types-(a-z)/types/ankylosing-spondylitis](https://www.arthritis.ca/about-arthritis/arthritis-types-(a-z)/types/ankylosing-spondylitis))
The Canadian Arthritis Society \[doesn't agree with you on that one.\]([https://www.arthritis.ca/about-arthritis/arthritis-types-(a-z)/types/ankylosing-spondylitis](https://www.arthritis.ca/about-arthritis/arthritis-types-(a-z)/types/ankylosing-spondylitis))
The Canadian Arthritis Society \[doesn't agree with you on that.\]([https://www.arthritis.ca/about-arthritis/arthritis-types-(a-z)/types/ankylosing-spondylitis](https://www.arthritis.ca/about-arthritis/arthritis-types-(a-z)/types/ankylosing-spondylitis))
Happy to provide citations.
https://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/article-abstract/1356358
No increased risk in large metaanalyses.
https://ard.bmj.com/content/early/2011/07/29/ard.2010.149419?papetoc=
Again, no significant increase in risk for malignancies other than nonmelanoma skin cancer.
OR for lymphoma 1.11, CI crosses 1.0 (non significant).
[deleted]
Try it!
I was in your boat feeling exa rly the same way, I have As and I've been on humira since May and its a game changer, it's not a miracle cure though, I'm currently off sick from work and in bed, but this is my first major flare up since May, my liver has got better from not taking so many pills, I've been able to walk with no pain, occasionally run.
My mental health is better too more positive and I've cried less from pain stress, had no infections or colds.
I'm sure there will be new treatments in the future but the drugs are designed for people like us.
Benefits outweigh the risks in my case, also the jab does not hurt at all.
Pm me any questions.
Humira has been a game changer for me in the past year!
Just updated it!
Tons of sinus infections, severe sleepiness for 2 days after injection (like couldn’t do anything for a weekend and would sleep 15-16 hrs a day), and depression.
No sorry...typo!
It’s r/ankylosingspondylitis.
Thanks for your reply, I have AS too and came to ask the same thing.
Humira and diclofenac have worked pretty well for me.
The shot works for about 10 days before I can start feeling peripheral joints getting stiff.
But they don't want to change from my 2 week cycle for some reason.
The tiredness still gets me.
Usually the next day I'm asleep all day.
A fee weeks ago it lasted three days.
I couldn't stay awake long enough to smoke (yeah I know)  and this last shot I took was the first time ive gotten sick aftet I took the shot also.
So that's fun.
I'm about to start my first biologic treatment for my AS.
Have to admit I'm nervous ..
Well not magic but some treatment approaches.
Hey, I was recently diagnosed with AS too, I've been given la biological medicine as my first treatment.
I'm on Humiral, inject it once every other week with an autoinjector at home.
I have had no side effects and the difference is amazing, the day after my first treatment almost all pain was gone.
Every time I move now I can't help but be a little amazed that I can do it without hurting or struggling against stiffness.
I'm not sure if that helps but I would recommend giving biological medicines a try if you can.
Airways swelled up &amp; I couldn’t breathe.
.
Body was covered in hives for hours.
Couldn’t stop throwing up.
It was greatt.
I've been on Humira and Remicade for about 8 years now and they have been legitimate life savers.
My quality of life is so vastly improved thanks to them.
I know they don't always work the same for people but when they do work, the benefits can blot out the billion potential side effects.
Good luck!
I have AS as well, along with scoliosis.
HLA B27 positive, and I haven't responded to any of the biologicals, including Simponi (which is an "off-label" med for AS).
Currently doing Remicade as the last ditch effort, two months into the infusions, no improvement on bloodwork (CRP level and SED rates) or pain levels.
I'm 50, and started with intermittent pain 20+ years ago, but am now totally disabled.
I was only diagnosed about 6 years ago after an iritis flair, and an astute opthamologist connected it with my back pain.
He sent me to a rheumatologist for the HLA B27 marker test, so at least I had a diagnosis.
It's amazing when you get this kind of diagnosis, and end up with a rheumatologist and pain management.
Now I'm a drug fiend who can't be trusted, according to "friends" I've had since high school, and certain family members.
Even though I've lost almost 3" in height, and my back is visually crooked.
Yeah being treated like a junkie is my favorite part /s.
Best is when pharmacy won't fill my measly 5 mg oxy codone.
Like bitch, itf I was an addict I'd be taking more than my starting dose of pain meds two years later.
Awesome!
I've typed that in before..  probably spelled it wrong 😂.
Thank you!
And let me be perfectly clear.
The bulk of the data we have is for people at a baseline cancer risk.
There is a very limited pool of data for people with history of CA, current CA, or a high risk Gene (ie brca mutations).
In those cases decision making is based on a detailed and shared discussion with the patient.
Several drugs have even lower apparent rates of cancer, for example rituximab, which is used to treat lymphomas as well as RA.
The point is that these are drugs to be respected, but the degree of fear spread about them can be really counterproductive to patients who rely on then to maintain a normal life.
Exactly!
I feel like I can’t talk about my RA because either people will say, “aww poor you,  but you’re so young”.
I know it sucks, but I don’t need the pity.
I’m able to be a normal person.
I was diagnosed at 16 ( but was in pain since 14) now im 22 since then i've tried humira and now im on enbrel , i try to overdue my shot every now and then and only do it when i feel i'm approaching my limit.
Congratulations on your engagement!
it was easy to find a partner understandable of your condintion?
i had a gf but she feared about my disease and was part of the reason of the break up, sometimes i feel the need to hide it at all cost to the people , especially who i'm dating or they will view me in a completely different light , especially their parents.
Exactly!
I feel like I can’t talk about my RA because either people will say, “aww poor you,  but you’re so young”.
I know it sucks, but I don’t need the pity.
I’m able to be a normal person.
Yeah I never brought it up on the first few dates.
I would only bring it up after I knew the girl was at least a decent, cool person.
I’ve had three serious GF’s and none of them have minded but one of them did try to baby me a bit.
My soon to be fiancé reminds me to take my shot and when I don’t and have a little pain she’s like “well you’re dumb”.
She’s perfect hahaha.
I think the key to it not worrying a significant other is how you approach your condition.
If you wallow around in a pool of self pity, not many people are gonna find that attractive.
If you show fight rather than defeat it’s less likely to worry them.
I stay very active and am in better shape than most other dudes my age.
I’ve taken my girlfriend on some hikes and backpacking trips and have always been waiting on her to catch up.
7.5 mg is low dose?
You mean .75 mg?
I've been told to self administer between .75 and 1 mg depending what works.
I self inject 1 mg per week and take folic acid.
I also drink alcohol somewhat reg - my Specialist said its ok in moderation and as long as my liver is checked every 6-8 weeks.
I'm on weekly self injections of .8-1.0 mg of methotrexate.
I also drink alcohol somewhat reg - my Specialist said its ok in moderation and as long as my liver is checked every 6-8 weeks.
This is my second specialist and both agreed - alcohol is not great but not overly damaging in oderation and with liver function testing.
Noted!
I’ve been having issues with my current rheum.
I am transitioning to a new one but she can’t get me until mid October.
So I just gotta make it until then.
Diagnosed at 14 (1985).
On Remicade for 11 years now and the day after my first dose it was like a light switch.
No more pain!
Love the biologics!
Stretching is critical for everyone!
I don't have arthritis, but do have some issues from an old knee injury, and stretching is the best thing I can do for it.
Me too.
I'm 2 weeks in and gone from struggling to walk to considering getting back to jogging.
How do you pay for these drugs?
Even with insurance and copay assistance some were in the $500 a month range.
7.5mg once a *week* orally

According to [this](http://pharmrev.aspetjournals.org/content/57/2/163)  15-17.5mg per week is considered a typical low dose.
&gt;Cymbalta

Cymbalta( duloxetine ) is the pitts.
After a year on the stuff ( " you have to give it time to work and stabilize in your system" bullsh#t) I weaned myself off over a three month period.
I had brain explosions and buzzing for about a year afterwards.
Never had them before that.
Off for 5 years now and get them extremely rarely now, when very very stressed ( as in no sleep for two days).
Did absolutely **nothing** for me except dull my bladder urgency.
I had to consciously decide I needed to pee.
Supposedly had fibromyalgia.
Still maintain I have RA but didn't show up in the blood tests.
Only products I have to help are Glucosamine ( non shelfish since I'm allergic to that.)
and paracetamol.
Could be one of the other connective tissue disorders.
I had pain that resembled RA throughout my body but also had some joint instability and other little things and it turned out to be Ehlers Danlos Syndrome lol.
sorry, I'm confused.
My injection is 1 cc.
I was thinking that's my dose.
I'm not at home to check my actual dose amount.
Disregard, lol....
Wife calls it my turbo day.
After looking online it looks like it is 2.5mg (1 pill) per 0.1cc.
So 1cc is 10 pills and 7.5mg is 3 pills.
Although I believe injection still would make the drug stronger than taking it orally.
Luckily some doctors are straying away from MTX treatment from the start.
In pediatric age groups they like going straight to Humira nowadays.
And, as someone who got RA as a young adult, Humira is a god send, MTX was horrible for me.

Summary: 
I can work most days.
I have RA and am taking biologics.
I am an intern pharmacist.
I have had RA for 8 years now.
It's arthritis, I assure you.
I would consider trying them.
I have had RA since I was 6.
I was thinking that's my dose.
I want to try it someday!
I wish that was the case for my RA!
I even ran in my yard.
So I just gotta make it until then.
I need to get back to a group.
I am not the rheumatologist, but:

Arthritis is not ankylosing spondylitis.
Oh boy I know that feeling.
I have both and it's been extremely effective for me (I have a thumb I can use again!)
I was bed ridden for multiple days.
what side effects did you have with humira?
I’m in better shape now than I was at 18.
I have PsA and Remicade has saved my life.
I cant recommend going down this path any more.
I have AS as well, along with scoliosis.
I suspect I have better bone mass than before.
Got me on that one.
I would like to know the science behind that.
I had to consciously decide I needed to pee.
I'm sorry if I didn't have time to get to your questions.
One day I can be hiking *all day* doing so many things.
Yep, I did Remicade for over a decade, and other biologics since.
I know it sucks, but I don’t need the pity.
I haven't heard of combining two biologics.
I use Cimzia and honestly it has changed my life.
I developed an allergy though so now I'm on cimzia.
I no longer swear every time I sneeze.
Which I could go back to remicade.
I have it, and also Psoriasis— I am on Taltz, is there crossover help with this biologic?
I never know if what I am feeling is even real or just in my head.
I hope nothing but continued awesomeness for you!
I'm about to start my first biologic treatment for my AS.
If I have a flair up, a shot usually takes about a week before I feel the effects.
My wife was just diagnosed and I want to send this to her.
I've been taking it now for at least 5 years and no side effects.
I have Lupus as well and I started with Plaquenil and now switched to Prednisone.
The difference is night and day!
I've been talking it for about three years.
I don't know how they do it, but Cosentyx injections really are painless.
I've been on it for almost 7 years.
The tiredness still gets me.
I legit could barely walk before I got diagnosed.
I do screen patients annually for skin cancer.
I had brain explosions and buzzing for about a year afterwards.
I started humira for AS and I always say it was like a miracle drug for me.
Yes I’ve tried it and I like it, but got away from it - I don’t know why.
I legit felt like a drug addict it was so bad.
Nonetheless, I am so happy for you :) we take so many things for granted.
Yeah I never brought it up on the first few dates.
So I'm still way more likely to die of that.
Hello stranger, I think you should give biologics a shot.
I was in so much pain that I didn't realize how much pain I was in until it was there anymore.
I have lupus and not RA, but thank you SO MUCH for articulating it in this way.
I have ankylosing spondylitis and currently have only biologic treatments left to try.
If that was all proved wrong why am I constantly being screened?
I'm running through biologics every 1 to 3 years!
Been taking Humira since I was 16 and I’m 27 now.
It was (still is) amazing.
Thanks for your reply, I have AS too and came to ask the same thing.
I had the same fears and stuck with methotrexate for a long time because of those fears.
Did you take methotrexate during that time?
I'll take any help I can get with figureling out how to live life with lupus and RA.
Haven't had any side effects so far, been on it about 1.5 years.
Then after work I stopped off for dinner on my way home.
It is a life changer.
I have no pain, stiffness or the fatigue usually associated with such a condition.
That’s what I’m going off of.
I have had no side effects and the difference is amazing, the day after my first treatment almost all pain was gone.
I'm very scared to try these meds because if the side effects, are there any new treatments?
I'm not sure if that helps but I would recommend giving biological medicines a try if you can.
I highly recommend biologics as it drastically improved my symptoms.
I wouldn't expect someone to get more muscle from just taking a stimulant and doing no exercise.
I have been on Enebrel for half my life and haven’t suffered one side effect.
But when she feels better she goes back to her exercises.
The majority of people can keep working.
Specifically I meant arthritis that does not have an autoimmune component, so osteoarthritis.
I did remicade for 4 years before my body became allergic to it and we had to stop it.
I am transitioning to a new one but she can’t get me until mid October.
I went from weekly flare ups to one every few months.
I still get mild flares, and can feel a little sore in the day or two before a shot.
I finally reached the end of my rope and went to Humira.
