Original Response: 
So my parents and my missus' parents are at us to buy a house.
"You're 30 and it'll take 30 years to pay it off, do you want to be 90 by the time you own your own house?
You have to buy now."
That kind of talk.
But with the market how it is and the possibility of a pop looming, should we wait?
It's not an investment to us, it's just somewhere to live and raise our son.
Depends on your city.
And what you are after buying.
An apartment?
Nope.
Large block of land on a train line less than 60 minute commute to the cbd?
Pull the trigger.
Wait two years and save up more money.
In 2020/2021 the market most certainly would have fallen and it would save you tens possibly hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Depends on where you live.
Its not going to drop 40% in small towns.
But somewhere like sydney or melbourne id wait it out for a bit.
I would 100% wait at least a year.
Unless you currently have a house and are moving.
If you’re buying your first home, wait.
That’s what I’m doing now.
Buying now is the dumbest thing anyone could do.
Your house will probably go up in 30 years sure, but would you rather buy the same house for a 1,000,000 or 600,000?
If you buy well within your means and aren't relying on property value increase then it doesn't matter when you buy.
I have read (which doesn’t make it true) that places outside Sydney are still in an upwards trajectory whilst Sydney is stagnating and possibly going down.
There is still affordability issues and places like Newcastle are still looking good to buy.
But don’t buy in the western suburbs of Sydney for example.
Tell them to STFU.
The crash is coming!!
!
I was looking at buying around Maitland (20 minutes inland of Newcastle).
It takes about a year to find somewhere you like, make some cheeky offers.
Places are still selling.
There isn’t going to be a massive rout.
You compare Sydney to London or Hong Kong, both cities also dominated by finance sector, and Sydney is still cheap per sq m.
We were looking at either a villa or small house in the vicinity of Maitland (about 20 minutes inland of Newcastle and 2 hours north of Sydney).
Prices are around the $450k mark for brand new properties but we're only on about $100k/year combined, so it's a tough decision.
We're looking in the vicinity of Maitland, near Newcastle.
There are a ton of new developments here in the past 5 years and there are villas or small houses for around $450k.
Yeah.
We weren't planning on rushing into it tomorrow.
We have some money for a deposit and her parents are willing to help in that regard too but they want us to do it within the next 12 months.
That sounds very sensible imo.
Oh shit!
I just bought in newcastle, got a 3 bedroom for $450k.
Also have to toss up interest rates.
They are nice and low at the moment.
And if you buy and build you get an extra rebate on stamp duties.
[removed]
Hmm seems some people are speculating it will drop and some say it will rise.
I'll speculate that it will level out just to be different 😜.
https://imgur.com/a/USOkwdf.
Maitland is a great option because of northconnex.
It’ll be an hour commute to Sydney CBD.
That’s almost the same commute I take from east to north.
Well, credit tightening is doing it's thing.
Anecdotally, know of a colleague who has attempted to sell up in Newcastle CBD, failed as the buyer couldn't get financing -- now they're freaking out about all the apartments going up everywhere.
Multiple other reports of people experiencing similar issues -- open houses with no one showing, and properties sitting on the market for months.
Also know of someone in the area who works with a lot of real estate agents -- and apparently they're worried about prices with all the construction everywhere.
Keep in mind as of 2016 Census, median weekly household income for Newcastle and Hunter region was $1368.
We now have suburbs with medians of $600-700k+.
CoreLogic have some interesting graphs showing how price growth in cities (e.g.
Sydney) leads regional markets.
With areas of Western Sydney falling 10-20% (I'm hearing higher from people who work in the industry, the data seems to lag significantly -- and there are lot of sales where prices are not disclosed), I would imagine some in Newcastle are feeling a little nervous.
According to Domain, looking at sales volumes:

Sydney this week - $175.5m, same week last year - $621.4m
Melbourne this week - $277.5m, same week last year - $780.5m

Interesting times ahead.
My understanfing is that the bubble is sydney and melb.
If it is 10% it will have no real inpact on medium towns.
If it is 40 % then it will have an effect though still no where near the syd melb size (and cause a pretty big recession which will have a pretty big effect)
Yeah thats true .
Though it would be nice to save an extra 10k and owe 100k less.
What a great way to ruin a country town.
Jesus, 60 minute **commute**.
In my city (Brisbane) a 60 minute commute by train is the Gold Coast.
Yup.
But so is Hawthorne by car at 8am Monday.
Sydney and Melbourne are totally different beasts.
I’m not sure if this information is of any value to you, I live in the Newcastle CBD.
In my block of 12 units 4 have been listed for sale over the last 12 months.
The first three all sold within 2 weeks of being listed - $380k, $520k, and $590k.
The fourth has been listed for 3 months now at $690k, and last week reduced to $650k.
Our building is a 1940’s Art Deco building, all 2 bedroom apartments, quite large and very centrally located.
The fourth apartment hasn’t had many people coming to the open house each weekend.
I’m an architect and I’m all for development, but I think the amount of construction going on in Newcastle at the moment is going to come back and hurt quite a lot of people.
The new Lume apartment block on Honeysuckle is a $50M development, 198 apartments.
All of those sold, off the plan, within 5 days of being listed.
The cheapest was $900k and the most expensive $2.6M.
Those people are going to hurt soon.
I know Maitland well.
Aim for the biggest block of land you can get, make sure the house has the potential to be extended when the family grows - it’s always easier and cheaper to extend than sell and buy bigger.
Maitland has 470- 700m2 blocks going for 135k to 250k.
Another 200k would put a nice open plan, but simple widespan steel warehouse type build on that easy.
Overall Maitland is a pretty solid buy at your price point.
I wouldn’t worry.
Even if the market goes down 30% - which it wouldn’t you would be out $100-150k in paper money.
If it’s your planned family home it won’t make a difference.
If the arse falls out of Sydney Maitland isn’t going to drop 30% so if you have the deposit I’d say buy and build.
Edit: you can always buy the land now and then wait.
Sink 130-250 on a block and just chill.
You know you have the option to build whenever you are confident and you no longer need to worry about ‘house’ prices as land doesn’t follow the same trends.
[deleted]
No it won't.
Maitland is 140km from the northern end of Northconnex.
Nice bit of margin there on the Honeysuckle development.
I wouldn't take economic advice from anyone who thinks a 30-year-old will be 90 after paying off a 30-year loan.
My wife and I were in the exact same situation two years ago.
I mean, same income and looking to buy in Maitland.
Back then there were talks of housing crash, and I was asking about it on either here or Whirlpool same as you.
Someone told me to stop worrying about the market so much and just buy a house if we are going to be financially stable in doing so, even if rates rise.
We went for it and it was a great decision.
Owning a house is so much better than renting.
If you're going to be stable even with some interest rate hikes, just do it.
As others have said anyway, it is entirely likely that Maitland area housing will keep going up, since it is still growing quickly.
I took advice from here about the impending crash in 2010 to 2012 and didnt buy.
I really missed the boat so treat advice from here with more skepticism than I did.
A very fair point.
It’s already covered in housing estates.
Maitland of the 90s doesn’t exist anymore.
Maitland has a relatively new connection to the north end of the highway to Sydney.
The northconnex and the rest of the freeway upgrades means it will be significantly faster to Sydney city centre.
Kariong might well be an hour from Sydney CBD, but Maitland never will.
So how long do you think it'll be till we see defects start to show up in these new developments?
That seems to be a worrying trend for many 'new' apartment towers.
Northconnex will help reduce the trip but it is still going to take *at best* 90min to get to the mouth of Northconnex from Maitland.
Again, it is 140km from Maitland to where Northconnex meets the M1.
To be fair, even if there was a 40% drop in 20 years it'll be worth way more.
it just means you paid a lot more than you could have by waiting for a correction first, which is money you could have used to buy a better house or invest somewhere else.
Yeah the quality of life there is now rubbish.
Glad I moved to Edinburgh.
I walk to work now.
But the thing is are we sure its going to drop, because i bought my house 5 years ago and they were worried then about house prices dropping but in fact its has risen a hell of alot.
This comment is quality advice, don't buy something that you can't comfortably afford, rates rise and fall.
don't rely on overtime at work, work it out on a base rate so if unforeseen circumstances happen you are not stressing about money.
I’m pretty sure if you’re near the highway in maitland it’s already about 90 mins to Sydney.
60 Minutes to get to work :/
Where abouts in Newcastle?
I wouldn't mind getting closer to town for that price.
Yeah, it's just a sprawl of urban wasteland trying to crowd around Greenhills.
Yeah.
We have the much larger Greenhills now, the new hospital going in at Metford, etc.
I expect the housing developments will continue for some time.
They meant if I wait too long, we'll be too old.
They're worried about us never owning our own place.
I just don't feel like there should be some kind of checklist to being an adult.
Get a job, get a wife, buy a house, have kids, die.
I'd happily rent for the rest of my life if a) rents were reasonable, and b) I didn't have to worry about getting kicked out every 12 months because the owner flipped the property and the new owner wants to get their own tenants/put the rent up.
I would absolutely love to live in one of those new Honeysuckle apartments but I could never afford it.
Closest I could afford to Newy would be West Wallsend.
I think it depends on what you call Sydney.
You can probably get to outer Sydney in 90 minutes but I usually just say 2 hours.
But I rarely drive in, I usually take the train and it's about 3 hours from Hamilton to Central.
Maryland.
20 minutes to town on a good run.
I bought my house around the same time as you and I wasnt worried about any drops but I did notice the market get incredibly hot a few months before I bought.
Then prices went fucking nuts.
IMHO, I wouldnt buy now, the global economy is being a little funny at the moment and it would be benefical to wait to see what is happening with interest rates first.
No, it’s not going to drop 40%.... but by saying that it will, 60 minutes will get more viewers tonight when they air the story.
Unless you’re renting in which case you may spend 10k on rent that could have gone on the mortgage.
The crash is still coming ... Just hasn't happened yet :P One day!
Maybe its media beat up or maybe it is real but it is worrying when they talk about how a ~$50/week interest rate increase will send a lot people into default.
If you can't afford $50/week more on your mortgage you should never have gotten one.
Sure.
But in 2yrs time you might have 7k and houses have only dropped 50k.
And you would have rented for 2yrs more.
Who is to know?
If rent is say $300 which is quite cheap  that is $15600.
Many people are $400-500/we.
I’m not sure what you’re trying to say?
Just agreeing with your comment and pointing out that could be alot more than $10k on rent per year.
Who doesn’t love driving 8kms in 45 minutes through the cbd??
?
If Sydney and Melbourne go down, everywhere else will go down twice as hard.
I don't understand why people even do it.
If the capitals go down 40%, everywhere else if going to get massacred.
Happened exactly the same in the gfc.
&gt;Pull the trigger

Really?
With prices going down and so much uncertainty?
With people who know the market better than you or I speculating about a horrific 40% drop?
🤔

Even if that is hysterical Channel 9 fearmongering, why wouldn't you put your money somewhere safer and more liquid until the dust settles?
Also... Who in their right mind wants a 60 min commute?
That's 2 hrs a day - literally a full month of your life each year spent commuting.
Because the dust has been settling on the housing apocalypse for a decade now.
There is no where safer than your home.
OP wants to buy a place to pay off and raise a family, so providing they can cover the mortgage property prices in the near to medium term don’t matter.
And the key part is “speculating”.
They don’t know anything with any more certainty than they did in 96, 06 or 16.
And what do you think will happen to the stock market when property shits itself and the country implodes?
So unless OP is just going to buy gold an actual home is the best option.
Yea ok I get what you’re saying now.
Spot on.
...or OP could do some more careful investing in index funds until housing is less of a risk (Australian ones would be a bad idea for the reason you've mentioned).
Better idea than being chained to a mortgage and paying interest on something that's potentially going to be worth 40% less than what you paid for it within 12 months.
The dust hasn't been "settling for a decade" - the bubble's been inflating.
What's *actually happening* now is a correction.
Unfortunately some of us need to carry tools and bits&amp;bobs to different job sites.
Ok so I am at the have kids stage so if I keep delaying that, will I also delay the die part?
The most important part of buying a home is making sure that it was built properly and that there is not a major issue hidden away somewhere.
A significant number of apartments that have appeared near me recently did not meet all of the Australian Standards.
Unfortunately the building company that built them has since dissolved and left the bill to correct the issue to the residence and body corporate and this same situation has also repeated with town houses.
Some are fine, others aren't and it is not always easy to tell which are which.
Only the places that are extremely overvalued or have a fault with them will drop quickly, the rest will be much slower and may not drop at all - instead remain steady.
For investors especially those on an interest only loan this would be a nightmare - for owner occupiers then it is more a minor annoyance.
I actually didn't consider Maryland.
I work in the Maitland "CBD" if you could call it that, but my partner works in Charlestown.
Somewhere in between the two would be nice.
Spot on.
Don't worry, I did it all out of order but the die part will still come lol.
That is a concern.
There are so many new estates and developments and building whatevers going up lightning fast that there's no way some of them aren't cutting corners.
But it’s never going to be *less of a risk*.
7 years ago I didn’t buy a unit.
It was in a suburb that ranked top 10
Worst places to buy.
3 years in a row.
Glad I didn’t because in those 7 years I’d only have made a million profit, dodged that bullet.
The risk will remain the same.
Maybe it’ll go up.
Maybe it won’t.
But neither matters if it’s your home for 30 years.
I know a lot of people think all developers have only their bank account to think about, which I agree with to a certain point, but there are constructions standards and minimums that are required to be met in order for a Occupation Certificate to be issued - without that the building cannot be used and then the developer loses out.
Are all of these newer apartment blocks good design?
Questionable.
Are they constructed to the required level of standard?
Yes.
When buildings fail, it’s often because of a dodgy builder trying to cut costs, poor engineering, or the wrong materials used for the wrong application.
These days, when buildings fail there are steps in place to trace back exactly who is at fault.
I don’t really have an answer for you that gives a definitive answer, just my knowledge and what I’ve observed over the years.
Some of them are great.
The individual apartments that the Doma Group are putting out are quite nice - the overall buildings leave something more to be desired.
The Honeysuckle developments are definitely at the better end of the quality spectrum, some of the other blocks going up around town are absolute garbage in terms of the built design quality and the standard of living space they’re giving owners.
Why do you think it'll never be less of a risk?
[Risk is currently super high for the Australian housing market](https://www.afr.com/real-estate/australia-is-one-of-the-worlds-riskiest-housing-markets-oxford-20180913-h15bu0).
I think we have very different views on life.
I can't imagine committing to spending two hours a day commuting for the next 30 years of my life, or ever risking being saddled with an asset that's worth 100k+ less than what I paid for it (and paying interest on that).
If you're ok with that, we'll just have to agree to disagree on what's sensible.
We probably don’t.
But OP asked a question so I answered it.
Based on his earnings, where he wants to live and the purpose for the purchase I think it’s a buy.
You have to live somewhere.
So either rent or a mortgage.
Rental yield is 4-5% in OP’s location.
So he either pays $350-400 a week in rent or the same in interest.
Might as well pick up an asset because he’s out that 350/400 regardless.
Its EASY to tell a rising Vs falling market.
When residential property is mostly going to auction in the area you want to buy in, its a rising market, when its mostly going to 'For Sale' its a 'falling or reached stability' market.
When an unusual number of properties appear for purchase, if they are 'For Auction' its an over heating market.
If 'For Sale'... its a chilling market.
Its mostly flipping to 'for sale' now, at least where I live.
But in Sydney, where I drove through yesterday, not sure where that was but I have driven through there before... clearly it has gone to 'falling bordering on chilling' in that area.
According to Google it's 90 mins from Maitland to where Sydney "starts" (i.e.
where Northconnex would start).
In peak hour (i.e.
when people are commuting), it takes an hour to get from where Northconnex is, to Sydney CBD (plus $20 in tolls).
Definitely not a viable commute.
The dream would be a one bedroom apartment at Honeysuckle.
Maybe one day, when the boy is grown up and moved out, lol.
Ok, don't buy yet, but also don't wait until you are 60.
Then everyone is happy.
I mean, I walk to work too.
Edinburgh is awesome though, but I do enjoy seeing the sun during winter.
Yeah.
Yet people up here do it.
Every day to and from Sydney for work.
It's nuts.
I work in Maitland so there's very little reason for me to go to Sydney.
I go down maybe once a year for a concert.
I told them today that we would spend the next 12 or so months saving and then look at the market again.
They grumbled a bit but they ain't the boss of me, lol.
&gt; If you can't afford $50/week more on your mortgage you should never have gotten one.
Sure.
And interest only loans were financial instruments that should never have been allowed.
And bank advisers talking customers up to borrow more money for bigger properties because the bank was prepared to lend them more if they just asked... also not a good idea for future economic stability.
Because when I did it I had a choice of paying more to live closer in a smaller property, earning less in a job in a suburb near me if I could find one in my industry that wasn't soul destroying, or I could keep the job and income I had and endure a tedious but ultimately bearable commute.
Eventually I managed to take the secret fourth option; get a better paying job in a rural area.
Bugger, I was hoping to avoid that part.
Opposite actually because everywhere else isn't overinflated by 2x what it should be.
Buying a house was the worst decision i ever made.
There is an argument that's spread around that goes like this "rent is dead money".
It's one of the dumbest ideas around.
Dead money comes in many forms.
Interest on your home loan, rates, upkeep, home insurance..... which are all things you dont have to pay when you rent a house.
Not to mention the loss of income in job opportunities by finding it harder to move for work.....

Only buy if you can lay down a substantial amount of the deposit for the house.
Never buy during the middle of a Royal Commission into the banks that's shown incredible recklessness within the banking system.
And don't buy when we as a country seem precariously perched to lurch into an economy in recession.
Yeah weather sucks a bit but it's not hard to fly somewhere sunny.
Melbourne winters aren't exactly amazing.
Imo a lot of regional Australia is pretty overpriced.
Anywhere that's been hit by an influx of economic refugees from Sydney.
It's not maybe going to go up.
It's a falling market that's already peaked.
7 years ago you were in a rising market.
You can't complain you had 7 years to assess the trends and act on it.
Many offices now have showers.
I cycle 12km in 35...
Who was worried houses were dropping in 3013?
I purchased the same time and it was in definite FOMO territory.
People also forget about the opportunity cost associated with the down payment.
That money can be invested in stocks and bonds.
Pretty crazy to take advice from a sub that’s basically full of young people with no life experience, skin in the game or money.
That's most of Sydney.
Or use public transport, or a bike, or even a motorbike.
If its not an investment to you, the mainfactors for you should be, is it the right house for you property for my family/me and can I service the mortgage payments now and into any forseeable future.
&gt;may as well pick up an asset

Let's say house prices go half as badly as this article's proposing.
That would mean OP now has negative equity in that property.
If the property is worth 400k, that's 80k OP is down.
Let's also say there's a recession as a result of this dramatic slide in house prices, interest rates go up, and OP or their partner loses a job and can't service the loan.
OP now owes 80k to the bank that they can't possibly pay back.
For OP to buy a house while prices are sliding unpredictably downwards is a pretty bad idea.
OP should pay rent, and squirrel away some savings for a deposit in low cost index funds where they might get 10% return, and have fast, easy access to their money when they're ready to buy.
Over in Ireland if you bought between 2000 and 2007 you almost certainly lost money.
The closer to 2007, the more you lost.
You also almost certainly lost money if you bought between 2007 and 2015.
All up, that's a *15 year* period where buying a home lost capital.
So, here we are in Australia.
We're facing housing price falls that we haven't seen in two decades.
We have a Royal Commission into banking.
We have *BILLIONS* in interest only loans going P&amp;I over the next three years.
We have one of the largest housing bubbles in the world.
Ignore the parents.
Ignore anyone who says stupid things like "if you're going to live in it for thirty years it'll be fine".
These are people who can't do basic maths.
It is incredibly important what price you pay for a house.
Every borrowed dollar you pay back multiple times over.
Just the fall that has already happened is a large saving over thirty years.
Wait.
Wait.
Wait.
If you want to see how much these price falls are worth, look up a mortgage calculator and see the total payments over thirty years.
Then drop the price $40K and see the result.
Do not listen to people who bought their home when their home was only three times their income.
They have no goddamn idea what they're talking about.
[removed]
Ok but he isn’t.
He isn’t down anything, it’s not an investment.
It’s his family home.
So the paper price doesn’t matter.
He’s out 350 a week regardless of which mortgage he pays down.
Can pay his own, can pay mine.
Either way $350 is the cost of not being homeless.
Weekly each member of OPs household brings in $800 a week give or take.
So even on one wage they wouldn’t slide behind on the mortgage.
Foxtel and holidays might need to go for a bit but that doesn’t change the fact that they still need to find $350 to cover “housing”.
This ‘assets’ attitude to everything in life is what’s got housing to this point in the first place.
[deleted]
Yeah, and you should consider whether it's cheaper to rent for some time etc.
Better off investing in index funds, once you have enough invested the returns will pay your rent for you, owning a house is expensive with l the maintenance and repair issues.
Have you considered buying land and building one?
[removed]
[removed]
Lmao someone on reddit who doesnt work in IT or from a cubicle?
[removed]
[removed]
[deleted]
Mark up on apartments is minimally 100%.
Source: brother in law builds apartments.
It's also worthwhile pointing out that when an apartment is purchased off the plan - the buyer doesn't pay the developer at that time.
They pay a deposit with the balance due upon completion.
What typically happens is the purchaser obtains a [deposit bond](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deposit_bond).
Instead of dropping 10-20% (eg.
$90-$180K on a $900K apartment) 3 years out from completion, the purchaser spends perhaps $2K for the bond.
This allows speculators to take an option on a flat that they will most probably never buy.
This is why 198 apartments "sell" so fast.
They actually haven't sold.
The developer is selling "the right to buy".
The deposit bond can be resold later at a higher price.
The developer also needs a minimum commitment in terms of sales before their financial institution will release funds, typically in tranches, for the construction.
Further, the developer themselves often purchase a swathe of apartments once the minimum has been sold to owner occupiers and speculators using the same mechanism.
Do not buy "new" apartments anywhere ever.
They are all slapped together to meet construction deadlines and cost and compliance minimums.
As part of an off the plan sale, you will be offered warranty by the vendor.
This is when they "fix" all the defects in the apartment.
All new blocks of flats suffer a variety of post construction issues: subsidence, leaks, failed sewerage and water systems, skirting coming away from the walls,  doors that don't fit, windows installed the wrong way around etc.
etc.
Source: friend runs a company that performs the warranty work on new houses and apartments in Sydney inner west.
Sweet!
80% price drops in Brisbane.
Looking forward to buying houses for 100k!
Thanks!
I mean it’d be a pretty massive fuck around trying to carry 30-40kg of tools on public transport.
Theres an easier way.
Just check the sold properties listings, and see if they have the sold price or 'Contact Vendor' for price.
Properties that fail to sell for the minimum asking price get suppressed.
The amount/ratio of 'Contact Vendor' listings is the rate it is falling.
Remind me in 995 years.
Probably could have gotten 1.5 for the cheapest, but no one wants to live in a place called Honeysuckle.
&gt;  Are they constructed to the required level of standard?
Yes.
More like hopefully.
So much is reliant on self-certification and compliance certificates.
I have never heard of a balustrade actually being tested, for example.
Don't even get me started on wet areas.
By way of anecdote, the apartment block on Ravenshaw St behind Marketown had to have all the balcony balustrades replaced (at owners expense).
This was built in late 90s so I don't know what the specific non-compliance was.
But some owners couldn't afford it and had to sell.
Soft.
Only a very small minority of people in peak hour traffic are taking anywhere near that much stuff.
&gt; It's not an investment to us, it's just somewhere to live and raise our son.
Look at it as an investment.
Is it better value than other investment options'?
That's how you make a rational decision.
I *really* wish more people would ask themselves "Would I borrow a million dollars to put in the share-market?"
Is it just that that's just a dumber place to put money?
Fuck, that Warren Buffet fella must be a real moron, then, mustn't he?
And, if buying a home *is* the best investment option, why is your bank loaning you the money (given that *they* could buy it)?
Buying a home being good value counts on capital growth being higher than the interest on the loan.
Is it???
It has been fore a number of years, but if it's not you are losing money.
If the banks felt that was a sure thing they simply would not be lending to you.
You can raise your son in a rental, put your money where it will likely actually grow, and buy when it looks like a good value investment.
[deleted]
I forgot to add I’m a time traveler.
They were probably too short to be considered compliant these days.
Balustrades need to be at least 1000mm high to prevent kids climbing over them.
I assure you, plenty of people want to live in Honeysuckle.
It’s on the water, it’s in the middle of th city, it’s next to everything you could need.
Wow that all sounds extremely bubble-ey.
Get people artificially excited about sub par, over priced assets?
Sub prime mortgages part deux ?
&gt; Ok so I am at the have kids stage so if I keep delaying that, will I also delay the die part?
Absolutely.
Having teenagers in the house takes years off your life.
yep.
Average return on the ASX is 10%.
Meanwhile Westpacs interest rate is 5.38%

It's a terrible idea all around.
Just wake up and leave around 4am.
Problem solved.
This is true.
There are two reasons I was looking at buying over renting though.
One, it's very common to get kicked out of a rental every 12-24 months because the owner bought it as an investment and has sold it/flipped it and the new owner wants new tenants that he vetted himself or to raise the rent.
It's stressful, to me at least, having to look for a new place every year and I also work from home a bit so I need a solid fibre connection too which isn't always an option in every rental.
Two, rent is the same cost as repayments.
You need to pay tax on that 10 per cent, and 10 per cent is a far too high estimate.
Conversely if you put money in your offset that's a guaranteed post tax 'return' of 5.38 per cent.
[removed]
Ask them what they think deflation means.
Ask them what they think compound interest means.
Ask them to put those two concepts together.
If they can’t do that ask them why they advising anyone on making very large financial decisions.
There are a ton of 'Contact Vendor' or 'Contact Agent' listings on brand new properties here.
Lots of 'No Inspections planned' too, and 'Expressions of Interest taken'.
My rent is $18,200 a year currently.
For a two bedroom unit with an external laundry and shared carport.
I don't know what any of that means, to be honest.
I just get paid, put money in bank, try to not spend it.
Possibly, but the BCA specified 1m high balustrades even then.
While I agree with you, in my circumstances none of those were viable options.
Poor pt coverage, 22 km distance and there's no way I'm riding a motor cycle, especially in Melbourne.
Wow that sounds absolutely terrible.
But by buying a family home is not solely a financial investment - it's an investment in your chosen lifestyle and some people value that highly.
Particularly once you have kids, the stability of knowing you can stay in that house for an indefinite amount of time is very appealing, and you'll never have that with renting.
The financial return isn't the only consideration.
Dude at $100k / year a $450k house (with a decent deposit) is very affordable.
&gt;Average return on the ASX is 10%

LOL bullshit.
You know it's easy to look this shit up right?
Start by putting aside the money you'd need to be paying if you were on a 20 year mortgage, but don't buy a house yet.
Keep putting the cash away until you have at least 20% deposit, then go looking for a place you'll REALLY like.
This alone will save you a LOT on mortgage insurance.
Don't rush, and do learn what traps to look for.
Comparison shop around for banks - the big four generally suck, [customer owned banks](https://www.canstar.com.au/mutual-banking/who-are-the-customer-owned-banks/) are almost always a better option, but make yourself a spreadsheet which can compare costs of establishing the loan, monthly costs, annual costs, offset accounts etc, etc.
You can save huge amounts (= years of your life paying) just by choosing wisely.
If the 20 year rate starts to bite too hard, drop it back to the money you'd be paying on a 30 year mortgage.
If it still bites, forget about buying a house until you either get a better paying job, or housing prices drop enough so you can comfortably make the payments.
There is a reason tradies already mostly start work at 7am.
60 minutes is pretty standard for many people working in the inner suburbs.
Used to take me 1.5 hours each way.
Very happy after we moved to an apartment and it's only 20 minutes now.
20% is ~$90k.
That is a lot of money to save.
Long, long time.
[deleted]
Yes exactly!
Better off saving up money without the hassle of paying interest on an overpriced home.
Such an oversupply of apartments, increasing interest rates and the rate at which people are unable to afford their repayments is concerning.
I am with you on this!
It is, but it's money you'll need to pay anyway.
And if you save it up front, you'll get a number of benefits.
1.
You will have established a habit of paying the amount of the mortgage payments, and a lifestyle which will not impact those payments.
2.
You will save interest on the $90,000, so you'll pay about $100,000 less over the life of a 30 year loan.
3.
You won't have to pay about $20,000 in mortgage insurance fees.
4.
You can spend the time researching the market and deciding exactly what you want.
Seriously, now is not the time to be jumping into an over-leveraged home loan.
The market is highly unlikely to grow anytime soon, but interest rates are very likely to increase.
If you buy, and the value of the property drops, you could end up with negative equity, which brings its own set of problems.
How is 22km not viable for cycling?
I’ve no idea, I was 11 in the late 90’s.
It could have been that they could be climbed (a horizontal bar/s on them)?
I was working 12 hour shifts in a suit with no shower facilities accessible and the time it would take me would be equivalent to sitting in traffic in a warm/cool car not getting rained on or run over by other traffic.
06:30 start time meant leaving home at 05:30 at the latest, probably earlier if I needed to account for cleaning myself up as best I could after.
Wouldn't get home until nearly 20:00.
Riding in the dark has an increased risk.
No dedicated cycle infrastructure between my house and work.
&gt; I know a lot of people think all developers have only their bank account to think about...

No kidding.
There was some slightly silly advertising (which was a nod to a slightly silly nearby business name) for an apartment building posted to /r/melbourne a while ago and the comments were mostly assuming the building would be terrible and is only intended to appeal to foreign investors.
It's a building designed by Breathe and DKO and hits most of the points people say they want to see in apartment design but you'd never be able to tell from what was on Reddit.
I pay 3.7% on our homeloan, and the ASX returns nothing like 10% on any meaningful measure.
I also will not pay any capital gains tax on the family home.
Your maths needs work.
&gt;This ‘assets’ attitude to everything in life is what’s got housing to this point in the first place.
That, and the notion that it's always a better option than renting, and that prices don't go down, etc.
I agree in part, but it's less the 'attitude' that it's an asset and more the ridiculous policies that have encouraged and rewarded that attitude.
(Edit: [also, LOL](https://www.reddit.com/r/AusFinance/comments/2qp9dh/owned_a_property_for_4_years_rough_maths_runs_at/))

I'm sure you've read all the other [articles this week](http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2018-09-19/mortgage-stress-surges-as-dream-of-home-ownership-fades/10249498?pfmredir=sm) about the huge swathes of people who are predicted to default on their interest-only loans in scenarios like the one I  put in my previous comment, so I won't go on.
Just hope OP takes a more cautious and sophisticated approach - not a great time to be biting into a huge mortgage.

Summary: 
I am with you on this!
You have to buy now."
And what you are after buying.
I walk to work now.
I go down maybe once a year for a concert.
I mean, same income and looking to buy in Maitland.
I don't understand why people even do it.
I mean, I walk to work too.
I think it depends on what you call Sydney.
I would 100% wait at least a year.
Look at it as an investment.
I expect the housing developments will continue for some time.
I don't know what any of that means, to be honest.
Looking forward to buying houses for 100k!
I work in Maitland so there's very little reason for me to go to Sydney.
Yet people up here do it.
Glad I moved to Edinburgh.
Wait two years and save up more money.
That is a lot of money to save.
I think we have very different views on life.
It's not maybe going to go up.
It is incredibly important what price you pay for a house.
7 years ago I didn’t buy a unit.
60 Minutes to get to work :/
I cycle 12km in 35...
There are two reasons I was looking at buying over renting though.
The developer is selling "the right to buy".
Owning a house is so much better than renting.
If you’re buying your first home, wait.
Yea ok I get what you’re saying now.
Every day to and from Sydney for work.
I was looking at buying around Maitland (20 minutes inland of Newcastle).
I wouldn't mind getting closer to town for that price.
Having teenagers in the house takes years off your life.
But OP asked a question so I answered it.
3 years in a row.
I just get paid, put money in bank, try to not spend it.
You have to live somewhere.
And you would have rented for 2yrs more.
I actually didn't consider Maryland.
But it’s never going to be *less of a risk*.
Who was worried houses were dropping in 3013?
I assure you, plenty of people want to live in Honeysuckle.
So either rent or a mortgage.
Its not going to drop 40% in small towns.
There is no where safer than your home.
Also have to toss up interest rates.
Bugger, I was hoping to avoid that part.
It is, but it's money you'll need to pay anyway.
With prices going down and so much uncertainty?
I also will not pay any capital gains tax on the family home.
Its mostly flipping to 'for sale' now, at least where I live.
Buying now is the dumbest thing anyone could do.
Buying a house was the worst decision i ever made.
Do not buy "new" apartments anywhere ever.
I purchased the same time and it was in definite FOMO territory.
7 years ago you were in a rising market.
Somewhere in between the two would be nice.
Overall Maitland is a pretty solid buy at your price point.
Edit: you can always buy the land now and then wait.
Get a job, get a wife, buy a house, have kids, die.
Unless you currently have a house and are moving.
Have you considered buying land and building one?
Back then there were talks of housing crash, and I was asking about it on either here or Whirlpool same as you.
That money can be invested in stocks and bonds.
I forgot to add I’m a time traveler.
It has been fore a number of years, but if it's not you are losing money.
Remind me in 995 years.
It’s already covered in housing estates.
It's a falling market that's already peaked.
So he either pays $350-400 a week in rent or the same in interest.
I’m not sure if this information is of any value to you, I live in the Newcastle CBD.
Those people are going to hurt soon.
The dream would be a one bedroom apartment at Honeysuckle.
That, and the notion that it's always a better option than renting, and that prices don't go down, etc.
