Original Response: 
Suppose refrigerators were $400 to buy at wholesale and they borrowed money to be able to buy them to re-sell, paying themselves a dividend on the "profit" of selling them, but still owing the original base cost and still paying back on those?
Would they say "the cost of refrigerators we financed are killing us", as if perhaps they should be allowed to have the debt forgiven, or would they just owe the money.
When you hire people by offering a retirement program, that's part of the cost of hiring them.
You owe it just as certainly as any other debt.
Pensions are funded based on historical interest rates.
When the plan was established, the liability was projected to be much lower than it actually ended up being because the economy crashed and the federal interest rate has been unusually low for a decade.
It's sort of like adjustable rate mortgages.
The banker guy told you you'd have to pay one amount, you ended up having to pay almost twice as much and got in trouble with the loan.
No one expected the rate to go to zero, or stay near zero for that long.
It was unprecedented.
&gt;It's sort of like adjustable rate mortgages.
Ah yes those mortgages I can just complain aren't fair because how was I supposed to know rates would go up!
Then, boom.
Instantly forgiven loans and the bank has to suck it up because a judge took pity on me.
Just like those?
I agree with and understand what you’re saying, but that’s horseshit.
The economy is one of several unknowns in finance.
You prepare for it.
I’ll be sure to reach out to the electric company after I retire and tell them my investments didn’t perform as well as I expected.
They’re going to need to help me out with my light bill.
Not arguing with you - just their idiotic argument.
My company may face an unexpected 20% tariff on our products - literally nothing we can control and driven by bad policy and petulant children.
None of our debtors has any pity.
Heck no, I wasn't saying that their obligations should be forgiven.
All I was saying was that keeping the federal interest rate so low for so long is having some knock on effects in some sectors of the economy, and defined benefits programs are getting hammered by it.
Like how everyone hated predatory mortgage companies, but the bad guys here were overly optimistic actuarial tables.
Stick the benefits managers second against the wall, right after the bankers.
It is indeed, in hindsight, horse shit.
I think with defined benefits programs being so tightly regulated, people got complacent and this caught everyone by surprise.
My state's public pensions system is having the same problem, compounded by a governor who swept it under the rug and pushed payments into the future so they'd balloon well after she left office.
And retired to Florida, to collect her badump ting!
State employee pension benefits.
Of fucking course she did.
How boomers fucked today's economy, issue 3,096.
It's not complete horseshit.
They are very often based on historical numbers.
Many pension funds, especially public pensions, do not have to report actual earnings.
Probably to protect the very people making money from them.
The refrigerator example doesn't hold up because it's a shortterm cost and if someone is overpaying for fridges, they'll get fired.
Pensions are due 20, 30, 40 years later and long after the guy making the promises is gone.
All of America has a pension problem because baby boomers promised themselves too much.
It's gonna make government debt skyrocket for one.
This is a great example and reflects inquisitive, grounded thinking.
I appreciate it.
Thanks for your comment.
In theory sure.
But in reality, when corporations get loaded with debt, pensions are among the first things they jettison usually.
When push comes to shove, employees owe everything to their employer and employers owe nothing to their employees.
Why should pensions such as those offered by Sears affect government debt?
Because forget what were here discussing, I think we can all agree that big government, and public employees are the scum of the Earth and we should all hate them and vote to privatize their jobs because the free market is more efficient and loves Jesus more.
I simply don't agree.
If the people who did this did something criminal, then go after them criminally.
But otherwise it's just business as usual, and certainly not a surprise.
There's been operation for years with someone pocketing money who knew this was a standing issue.
If the company is still in business and cannot pay its obligations, it should settle by offering ownership and control of its assets to these people.
Then pay in assets.
Transfer ownership of the business to the pension holders.
But the people owning that bad business choice should not continue to win while the people owed the money get stiffed.
This is why we should get businesses out of all compensation other than cash.
Retirement and healthcare should be your personal responsibility (with some protections put in place to make sure 18 year olds don't fuck themselves).
Good question.
The answer is basically: who do you think picks up the bill when these pensions fail?
Bottom line is that someone has to pay the retirees.
It's not as though most of them could just go out and get another job.
What happens when the company goes out of business?
Under your proposal, what incentive are you giving the business to continue operating?
I don't disagree with the only-cash thing for payment from businesses, though I do support Social Security and other safety nets.
But I don't agree that it means that businesses can get out of obligations they made.
Let the retirees own the business.
We wouldn't be having this discussion if it was a chief executive who was promised a golden parachute.
We'd be talking about how even though the company is ailing and needs not to have made such a deal, a promise is a promise.
A company doesn't have incentives; legal personhood notwithstanding, companies are not people nor thinking entities.
Employees have incentives.
Companies have a responsibility to their owners, and at the point where the company can't pay the retirees, it should transfer control to the retirees and let them at least have the asset value (which they can sell to whomever they like, or operate for dividend value, or do whatever else stockholders do).
✊

I'm all for employee-owned companies, this would be a great way to get more of them.
This is a great idea.
What about public pensions?
Got any ideas?
Social Security is the sort of thing that I'm talking about.
it's not run by companies at all...

one solution could be to roll all of those pension plans into SS.
No idea of the feasibility of such a program, but... the point being that we shouldn't be held hostage to the mistakes of the past.
That, and we shouldn't let elderly people just wither away and (literally) die.
The big thing is what you mentioned.
CEO's don't have anything other than the next quarter's stock price in mind.
There's nothing wrong with that really, except when we're giving them responsibility for people's retirement.
As you mentioned they're largely not going to be around to deal with the consequences of making decisions about people's retirement, so why in the world would we give them that decision making ability?
uh huh.
See my article [Lien Times for Startups](http://netsettlement.blogspot.com/2013/08/lien-times-for-startups.html), part 2 of a 3 part series.
(The other two parts are clickable from the top of the article if you want to start at part 1, but part 2 is most responsive to your question.)
You might also enjoy my [Corny Economics](http://netsettlement.blogspot.com/2012/05/corny-economics.html), which isn't specifically pushing UBI but is compatible with that trend.
The issue with pensions is political.
Why fund the actuaries recommended contribution when you can do a share buyback?
*cough cough GE cough*

States have the same issue: a well funded pension isn't a sexy issue to campaign on.
Everyone overpromised, not just Sears.
Including the federal, state, and local governments to their workers.
“Fuck you, pay me” is the phrase you’re looking for.
https://youtu.be/3XGAmPRxV48.
The pensions are likely already federally insured:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pension_Benefit_Guaranty_Corporation.
**Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation**

The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC) is a United States "federally chartered corporation" created by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) to encourage the continuation and maintenance of voluntary private defined benefit pension plans, provide timely and uninterrupted payment of pension benefits, and keep pension insurance premiums at the lowest level necessary to carry out its operations.
Subject to other statutory limitations, PBGC's insurance program pays pension benefits up to the maximum guaranteed benefit set by law to participants who retire at 65 ($60,136 a year as of 2016).
The benefits payable to insured retirees who start their benefits at ages other than 65 or elect survivor coverage are adjusted to be equivalent in value.
In fiscal year 2015, PBGC paid $5.6 billion in benefits to participants of failed single-employer pension plans.
***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28.
There you go.
Proves my point.
At least in that scenario the bank gets to keep a house.
It is horseshit, It's a multimillion dollar company hiring professional fund managers that should have known what they could and couldn't guarantee.
I bet you then turn around and say poor people caused the 2008 recession because they bought houses they couldn't afford.
You took that way out of context.
Just like the housing crisis, the large firms will wreck the pension system.
Mostly the public union pensions, because those rules are completely different and in some cases rigged to report estimates.
I guess if you wanted to blame poor people for something, perhaps it's for believing the nonsense.
I think society should just agree it's reliably there for all seniors, in effect acting as a backstop here.
But, that said, an agreement is an agreement.
The same company would probably defend to the death the need to pay golden parachutes.
The idea that the people who made this promise could just offload the responsibility to the government with no consequence to themselves is offensive to me.
That's why I'm saying they should give over corporate control to the people they are defaulting on.
They shouldn't get to just continue in business-as-usual mode as if they hadn't just done something improper to others, continuing to profit normally.
It wouldn't be unreasonable to have a rule that says no one in a corporation can write a contract that promises anything that is not product-itself more than X period ahead in time.
e.g., (as a conversational straw man, not something I've thought through super-carefully) 3 years.
(For example, you might want to rent out property for 10 years, but then it's your product.
If you instead want lease space for your company 10 years out or pay a life pension, maybe that's something we should phase out.)
But we still have to grandfather previous agreements or else we are doing an injustice to those having received and paid for previous promises.
With a 7% median return for funds of that size, Sears pension only earned [1.5% in 2014 at a time when the S&amp;P rose by 11.4%](https://www.wsj.com/articles/poor-returns-weigh-on-sears-pension-plan-1429130235).
Maybe they should have hired another fund manager.
Probably can’t take that much equity risk, need the liquidity when so much of the account is withdrawing funds.
youre missing the part where similar funds are averaging 7%.
i dont see how their fund manager could still have their job.
And if you think about it, how crazy is it to expect individuals with their 401k’s to make sound investments and plan for retirement when multi million dollar corporations can’t seem to do it.
Perhaps they should investigate the management firm for their retirement fund and check all those fees instead of targeting the retirees themselves.
Index funds.
When you think you’re smarter than the index and should be investing in individual stocks come back to this example of a well paid, well educated portfolio manager and how he/she failed vs the index.
All in on VTI.
You have no idea.
Pension and the rules vary, but even at 7% it's doubtful they can make it.
The said thing is, the pensioners probably lose this battle.
This is not a bad idea - but it still doesn’t solve the issue of boomers setting up pensions that they need a larger population paying in to it in order to support.
It’s like a pyramid scheme except the next generations are being squeezed out due to automation.
And now we have these giant obligations to people who aren’t in the workforce currently.
&gt;It’s like a pyramid scheme except

It's exactly a pyramid scheme.
The exact cause of failure is not some type of exception when having to add a bigger base every iteration is the inevitable point of failure regardless of exact cause at that moment.
&gt; And if you think about it, how crazy is it to expect individuals with their 401k’s to make sound investments and plan for retirement when multi million dollar corporations can’t seem to do it.
I don't agree with that.
The right strategy for investing is literally a single Google search away.
I find that people don't manage their retirements much more due to negligence / writing off their own future / being scared of it.
But if they are able to afford to save, and put some effort in, being successful is not hard at all.
Agreed that they need to look into their firm.
Those are abysmal results - talk about negligence.
&gt; And if you think about it, how crazy is it to expect individuals with their 401k’s to make sound investments and plan for retirement when multi million dollar corporations can’t seem to do it.
Invest in index funds, copy the best fund managers, or go for small caps where there is less analyst coverage and higher incidence of mis pricing.
We aren’t talking about the performance of individual retirement accounts.
We are talking about fund manager performance.
Fund managers don’t give a shit about being scared, yet almost no one beats index funds.
Mathematically speaking, investing in low management fee index funds is the best long term investment strategy when investing in stocks.
I wonder what the proper allocation is for a pension fund.
We do your age in bonds and the rest in S&amp;P but I think it would be extremely risky to put an entire company multi billion dollar pension fund into equities.
If there’s a bear market the pension can’t pay out?
Maybe it should be like 80/20 Total world bond market index and S&amp;P 500.
1% in bitcoin?
You just described social security.
I think you misunderstood my comment - sorry about that :)
Imo, it’s better to bet on an industry that is going to keep moving and going up, my uncle went in on industrial chemicals and materials for 13 years every paycheck reinvested as an electrician, he’s now retired and living a very comfortable life off of dividends.
Aren’t pension funds supposed to reinvest the pensions to earn on top of the money paid into them?
At least if populations get more top heavy due to declining birth rates there are savings to be made in education to balance it out a little.
My bad, sorry.
We're in a debt based economy, which means nothing but growth is tolerable to keep paying the interest on money.
Thus the pyramid has to keep expanding.
See that’s a bad way of thinking.
Yes a person can do very well picking a sector they think will do well and invest in it.
And everyone knows some uncle who did that and did well.
But the ones who tried the same thing and failed generally are going to be less chatty about it or merely talk about their successes.
Otherwise every investing advice book would just say “ask your rich uncle and follow his advice” or “invest in industrial chemicals”

If you’re right, great.
But statistically you’re not likely to be the one who has the market all figured out.
Nah, I realized it was ambiguous and edited it!
Cheers!
Exactly.
That's social security.
Pensions are fine as long as the company stays profitable.
But I would never trust one, because I don't trust myself to pick a company that's going to remain solvent and unsold for the next 50 years.
I always questioned this.
It’s like if our government were a business, imagine a business spending money that they hadn’t earned yet.
You end up dependent on customers to keep flooding in and an ever increasing pace.
But when customers slow down...
Unfortunately most education has less middle men and corruption than the healthcare the elderly will receive.
As such it is normally cheaper to educate someone for a whole year than to perform 1 major surgery.
Which buildings in your town look more expensive?
The hospital or the school?
Who drives a nicer car, the principal or the pharmaceutical executive?
I think I understand where this is leading, the way how pensions are structured now is too reliant on employment levels.
Alrighty I guess the pensioners are going to have to lose.
However the companies that set this up are going to have to pay.
Ive always been very meta with the portfolio I’ve made, I am egotistic in my view, but you’re right, I a lot of people who went into utilities and meta sectors have failed a lot.
I completely agree with you but I’d say diversify a bit with a small bond portion and some international diversification.
3 fund portfolio.
Lol the innocence is cute.
They're typically investing in alts trying to chase much higher returns than the s&amp;p index because all their models in the 70s thought they could grow at 12% forever.
You're assuming it's incompetence, when it
can simply be corruption.
Except pension funds need a guaranteed rate of return, if you gamble it in stock funds and the market drops you have negative value.
That was the whole point of separating funds like pensions and social security from investment funds like 401k.
I knew people who retired in 1999, and had all their 401k in tech stocks.
Two years later they had lost 40% of their retirement, not future funds, funds they were living on.
One had to go back to work because he realized he would run out of money in 10 years instead of 30.
Companies are supposed to plan and put money into them appropriately as well.
No surprise, they under fund their pensions and then whine when there's a shortfall years later.
People looooove to harp on educational spending, but in terms of emplyment you get a lot more bang for your buck with educational spending than military or infrastructure.
"Funds of similar size."
Doesn't mean that they have the same risk tolerance.
Of course a pension fund is going to have super low risk tolerance.
My sister was a senior editor for the economist for two decades.
She only owns index funds and bonds.
Since she is far smarter than I, I do the same.
Then you need to fund the pension based off of those returns of 1.5%, not 7%
People who know how to read/write fluently&gt;people who dont.
It’s Sears.
There isn’t any more funding.
They should have never committed to defined benefit plans in the first place.
Many older plans are legally constrained to invest mostly in bonds, and for some plans, US government bonds.
This is not the fault of the manager but rather the corporate board that controls the plan, and often, government regulators who would rather watch the plan definitely bleed to death with 1-2%/yr returns for an entire decade, rather than permit an "unacceptable risk" of investing mostly in the equity market.
&gt; You end up dependent on customers to keep flooding in and an ever increasing pace.
But when customers slow down...

You’re describing most police departments and the for-profit prison system here.
Most pensions are all in on Monero and Vertcoin these days.
Lol negative value.
With all the direct to consumer competition, hard to believe e commerce isn’t playing a role

r/D2C.

Summary: 
I don't agree with that.
The issue with pensions is political.
There isn’t any more funding.
I wonder what the proper allocation is for a pension fund.
Pensions are funded based on historical interest rates.
Alrighty I guess the pensioners are going to have to lose.
We are talking about fund manager performance.
However the companies that set this up are going to have to pay.
Maybe they should have hired another fund manager.
Transfer ownership of the business to the pension holders.
Probably to protect the very people making money from them.
Pensions are fine as long as the company stays profitable.
I think you misunderstood my comment - sorry about that :)
She only owns index funds and bonds.
Then you need to fund the pension based off of those returns of 1.5%, not 7%
The pensions are likely already federally insured:

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pension_Benefit_Guaranty_Corporation.
i dont see how their fund manager could still have their job.
Let the retirees own the business.
But I don't agree that it means that businesses can get out of obligations they made.
If there’s a bear market the pension can’t pay out?
Companies are supposed to plan and put money into them appropriately as well.
The said thing is, the pensioners probably lose this battle.
I agree with and understand what you’re saying, but that’s horseshit.
Of course a pension fund is going to have super low risk tolerance.
I knew people who retired in 1999, and had all their 401k in tech stocks.
The answer is basically: who do you think picks up the bill when these pensions fail?
No surprise, they under fund their pensions and then whine when there's a shortfall years later.
Aren’t pension funds supposed to reinvest the pensions to earn on top of the money paid into them?
But when customers slow down...
If the people who did this did something criminal, then go after them criminally.
Since she is far smarter than I, I do the same.
It's sort of like adjustable rate mortgages.
it's not run by companies at all...

one solution could be to roll all of those pension plans into SS.
