Original Response: 
wow dude WTF do you need a gun for?
they're dangerous and not fun, you should be ashamed of yourself you crazy right winger!!
*signs on to overwatch and proceeds to play with guns*
Haha, thanks for the laugh my friend.
The irony out there is indeed something...
no problem, thanks for your responsible ownership.
I don't have a gun (I'd like to) cause I live in the city and wouldn't be able to use it without driving out of the city or to the range but I respect people like you who enjoy the rights this country offers, wish people wouldn't demonize you!
Yeah thank you for your support it is shame that the statistically safest demographic in this country (licensed gun owners) get vilified and blamed for those who are violent.
May I ask what city you live in?
Any indoor ranges you can use for target shooting with handgun or rifle?
I am a member of an outdoor range, but my wife is a member of an indoor range so she can practice her handgun shooting (she is a registered Black Badge IPSC competitor) regardless of the weather (she is also a member of the same outdoor range I am).
Either way you should take the CFSC and CRFSC just to learn firearm safety and responsibilities and maybe for for your PAL.
It may give you an excuse to find a place to spend a weekend away from the city;  hunting, clays or just plinking in the bush.
It is a wonderful past time that I am glad my wife and I took up (neither of us grew up with firearms).
I'm in Toronto, no guns for me here...it's just kinda shit for that...have a lot of left over guns back in Europe from the yugoslav wars, those are a lot of fun!
LOL.
Yeah, there is only one indoor range in the city limits that has grandfathered status after the City's ridiculous ban on Ranges in 2007 (?)
right?
Still go through the process of getting your PAL; its worthwhile on its own, even if you have limited opportunities.
You could at least own a 22 that you could take out camping or something.
Better yet, find an opportunity to get out of TO.
That city seems so lost these days; from my vantage point it feels like a nightmare of political correctness; it seems like real solutions are not being undertaken because of this mindset.
This is likely my last year in Toronto, gotta get the fuck outta here lol

Better solution:get a 3d printer and build my own!
I agree that shaming someone for owning a gun is quite an asshole thing to do, but isn’t there a difference between virtual guns an physical ones?
Physical guns tend to cost a lot more.
yea with virtual ones, you don't really care about killing your "enemy"
[I know you are being facetious with that last sentence] And watch it blow up in your hands in 5 rounds or less (maximum).
The 3D printed gun is a distraction, but the media--in their continued collective ignorance of firearm--is fear mongering as usual.
Until you can 3D print with a steel (very unlikely) or a polymer that replicates the pressure tolerances of a steel chamber and barrel (which may happen), they are not viable and very unsafe.

Summary: 
May I ask what city you live in?
Physical guns tend to cost a lot more.
wow dude WTF do you need a gun for?
*signs on to overwatch and proceeds to play with guns*
