Original Response: 
&gt;The friend was out of town, and suggested Williams call an ambulance, but she said she couldn’t afford it.
And this is why ambulances should be funded for everyone, not this do I have a membership crap or any other system.
If we need a new tax for it so be it.
&gt;“[Sharon] advised that her daughter was repeatedly referred for drug and alcohol counselling and this was adding to her daughter’s stress,” Whalan said.
Why would they do that...

&gt;The inquest will canvass a series of questions, including whether Williams was receiving proper antenatal care and whether she should have been referred as a high risk patient earlier in her pregnancy due to her recurrent and chronic symptoms and the fact she was Aboriginal.
*rage intensifies* Whoever is responsible for this neglect and harassment needs to face jail time.
Edit: I'm really angry.
[deleted]
She was Aboriginal.
If a white woman presented with these symptoms she would not have been referred for drug and alcohol testing repeatedly.
Our health care system is racist.
I'm a nurse and just to chime in, pregnancy is a terrifying thing.
So much can go wrong in a pregnancy it should be enough to freak out anyone.
What I would like to say is hold your anger in because you don't know the whole story.
They very well may have checked all of her vitals and she checked out fine.
When you deal with the same thing everyday, like a nauseous pregnant woman with back pain, your mind doesn't think to sepsis.
Now I don't know the whole story, but neither do you.
Maybe they did everything right and she still died, maybe they were negligent and she could still be alive today if they were more vigilant.
Unless you were there, withhold your judgement of the people who would have been trying to help until the inquest is done.
As a fellow nurse I absolutely agree with this post.
[removed]
&gt; Unless you were there, withhold your judgement

Oh you must be new here, no one ever does this on reddit.
Agree.
The article says she died of neisseria meningitidis sepsis.
Notoriously hard to spot early on.
So many confounding factors seem to be at play in this case you could write a book about it.
I’ve worked in remote Australian communities as a doc.
Very sad outcome.
I’m sure everyone involved were doing the absolute best they could.
Ha, even that statement “I’m sure they were doing the best they could”  sounds condescending.
The people who chose to work in these places are amazing humans working in often very difficult circumstances and make more difference to the well being of people on this planet than just about everyone else.
I’m certain the very heart and truth about this case will never be known.
I’m sad it ended this way, but don’t blame the coal face workers.
Maybe talk to your local member about increasing the health budget for regional and remote areas.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
&gt;If a white woman presented with these symptoms she would not have been referred for drug and alcohol testing repeatedly.
Bold claim with no evidence.
&gt;And this is why ambulances should be funded for everyone

I don't know what the story is in NSW, but in Victoria, if you're "too poor for an ambulance", you'll have a health care card, and that gives you free ambulance rides.
Some ambulance officers don't like this policy as it leads some malcontents who don't need the ambulance to use it as a form of free taxi, tying up their crew for the period.
Also on a tangent, it's interesting how the ambos strike - they can't legally stop working, so instead they just don't do the patient paperwork that gets the money from government/insurance/whatever.
People still get to hospital but the ambulance service doesn't get income from it.
&gt;Why would they do that...
It sounds like they kept referring her, assuming she had drug and alcohol issues despite any evidence to the contrary.
I'm furious reading this timeline of events.
You would have to look at the hospital overall and their track record with pre-natal care, but something is horribly wrong, whether racism or just crappy staff.
Nausea and headaches are symptoms of pre-eclampsia, so any pregnant woman presenting to a hospital with those symptoms should be given a blood test and monitoring over a couple of hours.
She was there for 34.
Also given that the hospital reports being in stark contrast to what the woman was saying to friends and family in messages is incongruous and strongly implies they are downplaying how she presented to hospital to clear themselves.
It all smells of some kind of discrimination tbh.
&gt; Nausea and headaches are symptoms of pre-eclampsia

They're also symptoms of pregnancy.
You're being unfair.
Right but isn't the point of going to a doctor, when you have symptoms that may be nothing but may also be evidence of something serious, that the doctor performs tests to make that distinction?
Nausea and headaches are symptoms of most conditions, they can even be present in the absence of anything.
Its not effective or ethical to blood test everyone who is pregnant with those symptoms.
&gt; The article says she died of neisseria meningitidis sepsis.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't the neisseria bacteria in the same family as meningococcal?
Did you read the article?
Those weren't her only symptoms.
Just that several of her symptoms were those of a serious pregnancy complication.
I went to hospital with a headache and blurred vision when pregnant and was monitored for several hours, had a blood test, a blood pressure monitor and a foetal heart monitor put on me.
It’s the same thing.

Summary: 
&gt;Why would they do that...
Those weren't her only symptoms.
Its not effective or ethical to blood test everyone who is pregnant with those symptoms.
If a white woman presented with these symptoms she would not have been referred for drug and alcohol testing repeatedly.
&gt;If a white woman presented with these symptoms she would not have been referred for drug and alcohol testing repeatedly.
Just that several of her symptoms were those of a serious pregnancy complication.
&gt; Nausea and headaches are symptoms of pre-eclampsia

They're also symptoms of pregnancy.
The article says she died of neisseria meningitidis sepsis.
Now I don't know the whole story, but neither do you.
