Original Response: 
Dark surfaces meaning asphalt-paved roads, dark roofs, &amp;c.
Yes.
They absorb visible light and re-emit the energy as infrared light, which is absorbed by greenhouse gasses.
Lightly-colored surfaces, on the other hand, reflect more of the incoming visible light back into space, so that energy doesn't have to find its way through the greenhouse gasses (as they are transparent to visible light).
For this reason, the melting of sea ice creates a feedback loop.
Sea water absorbs a great deal of incident light, especially compared to ice.
As the ice melts, the Earth absorbs more of the energy from the Sun, which warms the Earth, causing more ice to melt, causing more absorption of energy from the Sun, etc.
This is not the only feedback process involved in the climate (some are positive feedback loops while others are negative), but it is an important one.
A negative feedback loop that works the same way is that a warmer Earth leads to more water evaporation, which leads to more cloud formation, which leads to more incoming sunlight being reflected away, thus cooling the Earth back down.
How strong each of these various feedback loops is is one large source of uncertainty in modelling the future of climate change.
(I want to be clear, though, that uncertainty in modelling the future is not the same as uncertainty in what is causing climate change - carbon dioxide originating from human activity is responsible for increased global average temperatures in the last several decades.)
We can see this effect in other planets as well.
[Venus reflects an incredible 77% of all the light incident upon it](https://i.redd.it/ugexjlyu2oj11.jpg) (compared to Earth's 30%).
Venus actually absorbs less energy from the Sun than Earth does, even though it's closer to the Sun!
Yet Venus is hot enough that the first several probes sent there melted.
Why?
Venus has a thick atmosphere, dozens of times as dense as Earth's, and it's almost all carbon dioxide, so that Venus is extremely inefficient at re-radiating the energy it receives from the Sun.
The greenhouse effect is strong enough to turn the 23% of sunlight that isn't reflected by the clouds into a hell-scape.
Would it make a signifiant difference to the earth's energy balance if all roads and roofs in the world were somehow made white?
[removed]
[removed]
Yep.
They would basically act like ice patches that don't melt.
In a compounding effect, white roofs in hot environments also mean less electricity is used for cooling, meaning less heat is generated *and* less greenhouse effect generally.
The difference would be very small.
Is it possible to lighten the color of the ocean without contaminating it or destroying any ecosystems?
[removed]
I believe this was a serious proposal put forward by the US's previous administration.
The algeas and density give the sea color.
Deep water absorbs more light making it seem darker.
In deep sea no light or very little will reach the bottom  because it gets to much refracted and bend.
Yes, it was made by the energy secretary at the time, physicist and Nobel laureate Dr. Steven Chu.
Can you back that statement up with an explanation or sources?
Has been calculated to death on tons of websites, but I didn't make bookmarks.
I would have to search just as you.

Summary: 
I would have to search just as you.
The difference would be very small.
Deep water absorbs more light making it seem darker.
For this reason, the melting of sea ice creates a feedback loop.
Venus actually absorbs less energy from the Sun than Earth does, even though it's closer to the Sun!
