Original Response: 
Our useless excuse for a government will not give a fuck.
Neither will most Australians, sadly.
As long as people vote for parties that support this disgrace, it’ll continue.
And as long as people don't actively change the social dialogue around this issue, that'll continue.
What sorts of changes would you encourage?
What currently stands as a negative, and what as a positive?
Can confirm.
I don't give a fuck what the UN thinks.
So all we need is for neither the ALP or LNP in power?
Say no more famoh wait never going to happen unfortunately.
[removed]
people care more that Trump is locking up Mexicans here than they care what their own government is doing.
&gt;Redditor for 2 months

&gt;/r/the_donald user

I bet you don't.
The UN is completely opposed to western national sovereignty.
As such nobody should give a fuck about them.
Any move that could potentially result in more refugees trying to come to Australia illegally will cause whatever party that makes the decision to lose votes.
I’d even go so far as to say it’s an election losing issue.
Being vocal, first and foremost.
Learn about the issue, and when it comes up, discuss it in a way that is respectful and engaging enough that you can appeal to people's values or reasoning skills.
Or call it out and shame it if they refuse to engage.
In short, change the conversation that occurs.
I also encourage people to keep the conversation going through activism.
You could sign petitions, attend events, support campaigns, volunteer, donate to Asylum Seeker Resource Centre, etc.
The problem is that the public was decieved into a mindset that is completely divorced from reason and the reality of this issue.
We can disrupt the workings of the problem by challenging that mindset.
Stop calling them boat people for one.
Said like a true nonce.
Calling them detention is ridiculous, obvious PR movr.
Concentration camps would be better and more accurate.
I mean that term was probably similar at first since it sounds innocuous but it has connotations now.
You can argue about national sovereignty all day, but that doesn't change the fact that we are torturing kids.
So 'completely opposed to Western sovereignty' that they've literally never challenged a country that defied them?
Like when America threatened to impede or disrupt the International Court of Justice this week, and the UN hasn't done anything about it?
Edit: really, autocorrect?
What the fuck is 'sobereignty' meant to be?
Not OP, but the changes I would most encourage would be the ending of draconian gag laws relating to offshore detention centres, and having Border Force actually honor FOI applications.
The secrecy surrounding the arbitrary detention of people by Peter Dutton is allowing many Australians to ostrich their way out of facing the inhumanity of indefinite detention.
The under reporting of maritime arrivals is allowing supporters to claim refugee policy is working, when we don't even know if that's true.
There are so many lies and secrecy surrounding detention of aliens by Australia, we can't even have a factual argument about its merits or lack thereof.
If the ALP win government in 2019 but the Greens continue their moderate gains (or better get some wins) in the seats of Cooper, Wills, Macnamara, Richmond, Grayndler, Griffith, Sydney, and Canberra it would scare Labor shitless.
A Labor government that has to play the hokey pokey on asylum seekers in plain sight (ie- they currently claim they can "stop the boats" with deterrence but not torture people in camps but not a limit to length of detention...) could be extremely vulnerable to losing *all 9 seats*.
The Greens have only had one election campaign as the clear "3rd party" when the Labor party was in majority government (they were the "left opposition" option for annoyed Labor left voters), and that was a very good one for them.
Maybe that's normal?
I'm sure it's a recurring nightmare for Labor strategists, maybe a scary enough nightmare that they close the camps in 2019 and cop the flack from the right.
I am in the majority of Australians who think the UN is a joke.
But in the minority of Australians who hang out on the Donald.
Like a fuckwit.
They are not coming here illegally.
Fleeing your country and seeking refuge in another IS NOT A CRIME.
Yeah I used the wrong word, replace illegal with trying to seek asylum in Australia by sea.

Summary: 
I don't give a fuck what the UN thinks.
Stop calling them boat people for one.
What sorts of changes would you encourage?
I am in the majority of Australians who think the UN is a joke.
They are not coming here illegally.
Neither will most Australians, sadly.
As such nobody should give a fuck about them.
