Original Response: 
[deleted]
Not sexual assualt but definitely poor communication.
Consent is important.
Ask for a verbal yes, that one word can save so much confusion and hurt feelings later.
so he can just go ahead and try to stick it in?
Escalation of sexual behavior is what happens when two people take off their clothes and make out.
If they are both sober and no boundaries have been set then I don't see how trying to have sex with your fwb is sexual assault.
If a person does not want to have sex then they need to say no.
No one can be expected to read minds and making out and taking clothes off with someone who you told you want to have sex with is implied consent.
He knew she didn't want him to do that.
I don't think he explicitly knew I didn't want to do it, cause I never said it.
I did want to have sex with him, but I felt I needed to be ready to do it.
He knew because she said so or because he was expected to know?
Communication is very important.
If a person isn't mature enough to clearly state what they do and don't want then they aren't mature enough to be taking off their clothes with someone they told they want to have sex with.
Regretting a sexual encounter because of poor communication does not equal sexual assault.
Taking off your clothes and making out is sexual signaling that you're ready.
but I left my underwear on.
He was indeed immature by not asking for consent before doing something he knew she didn't want and then lying to about it.
That is not what consent is.
Good lord, what are you kids learning?
Yet he lied.
What is your objective with this post?
Are you ok with what he did?
Did you tell him you left your underwear on because that's as far as you were comfortable?
You both needed to communicate better.
So telling someone you want to have sex with them, then taking off your clothes while making out sober isn't implied consent?
You need to read it again.
She asked a very specific question: 'Is this sexual assault.'
The very short answer is no.
The longer answer requires a little examination.
*Mens Rea* is a requisite state of mind required by law to commit a crime.
If I trip while getting off of the bus, put my hand out, and hit someone in the face I am *not* guilty of assault / battery.
If I'm angry at someone and punch them, I *am* guilty of assault / battery.
What's lacking in the first scenario is the *mens rea* (or intent) that accompanies the touching that makes it assault.
The same thing is true here.
She told him that she wanted to have sex.
They find somewhere to have sex.
They voluntarily took their clothes off.
They voluntarily participated in sex acts.
He checked to see she was enjoying herself.
She admits she was, but as it turns out, she wasn't fully aware of the act being committed.
He stops that act when he realizes that that was the case.
He couldn't have known, until she asked him if he was still outside of her underwear, that she *didn't* want him to go further.
It was then that they found themselves on the same page.
If he couldn't have known, there was no 'guilty mind' (mens rea) to accompany the 'guilty act' and therefore no crime.
Lying about remaining outside of her underwear is immature—which isn't surprising when the parties are 19 &amp; 21 years old—but it isn't criminal.
He knew that she didn't want him to do what he did.
He did not have consent.
1.
You don't know that.
We both read the same post and it isn't obvious that he knew that until *after* he did it with what he thought was her permission &amp; you don't need consent for each and every separate act during sex, anyway.
Otherwise, sex would sound like: Do I have consent to kiss you?
Do I have consent to kiss your neck?
Do I have consent to remove my shirt?
Do I have consent to remove *your* shirt?
Etc.
That would be absurd.
She did not consent and he knew that.

Summary: 
He did not have consent.
That is not what consent is.
She did not consent and he knew that.
He knew she didn't want him to do that.
He knew that she didn't want him to do what he did.
but I left my underwear on.
She told him that she wanted to have sex.
Do I have consent to remove my shirt?
