Original Response: 
This actually happened over the summer, when I was studying abroad in Germany.
Sometime mid July.
I'll also be honest up-front, I don't have proof that this was an attempted abduction, because I got away at the end.
It's nevertheless clear that there were sinister motivations, so the "best" possible situation was an attempted date rape.
At the end of the semester, I traveled around a bit with my (now ex) boyfriend, who was also in Germany for a summer job, but lived in a different city than me.
One place I REALLY wanted to go was Trier, the oldest city in Germany, so he and I booked train tickets and planned to meet there for a weekend.
Unfortunately, it turned out that Trier wasn't much of a destination (even though I thought it was super cool), so the only train my boyfriend could get would have him arrive at 1am on Friday night, whereas my train got into town at about 3 in the afternoon.
No big deal, though, I figured just see some sights on my own and stay up to let him into the hotel when he got there.
At about 9pm on that Friday, I was done walking around but it was still light out (summertime) and the main square was still really hopping with people out for the evening, so I decided that I'd buy a beer from a grocery store (yes, I'm super cheap) and just sit on one of the benches in the square enjoying the atmosphere before heading back to the hotel for the night.
So far, so good.
I'm sitting in the square sipping my beer, and this maybe mid-30s guys starts chatting with me in English because he's Pakistani.
This isn't so unusual, since the whole "backpacking across Europe" thing is still sort of a thing, so young travelers often chat with each other in my experience.
I'm kind of uncomfortable at this point, but that's just because I'm an awkward introvert who hates talking to strangers.
The whole time we're talking, I'm kind of thinking *"wow, I can't wait for this conversation to end so I can go back to the hotel and Reddit"*.
Once I finish my drink, though, he notices and asks if I'd like to go to a bar and get a drink.
I'm a total homebody who doesn't do things like go to bars with strange men, so I decline, but eventually he persuades me to move to an outdoor table at a street-side cafe.
*Ok,* I think, *I've got plenty of time before my boyfriend gets here.
I'll have one soda pop and then excuse myself.
*

Nope.
As soon as the waitress comes over, before I can open my mouth, the guy orders two beers- one for each of us.
Still, two drinks isn't much.
I knew I could more than handle it, and I decided I'd accept the one drink, but no more (not to mention I don't like Pilsners, which is what he ordered.
Hefe-Weizen for life.)
We're chatting, and he asks if I'm alone in Trier or with friends, so I say that I'm with a "friend", meaning my boyfriend.
He immediately follows with asking if this "friend" is male or female, and seems disappointed when I say male.
(Yes, in hindsight I should have said "boyfriend", but remember that this boyfriend is now my *ex*, as mentioned above, and at this point we were already on course to break up, so it wasn't quite so cut-and-dry what we "were".)
However, this may have been what saved me later.
After we finish the beers, he starts complaining that the cafe isn't showing the world cup game, even though Germany was playing that night.
I should have excused myself then, but he convinced me to move out of the main square to a side street and to sit down at another outdoor cafe where we can see a TV screen.
Again, he immediately orders me a beer.
Now I'm going into my third drink in less than an hour, which is more than I care to drink alone in a strange city with a strange man.
When the waitress arrives and gives us our glasses, he immediately started saying that he was going to order us both shots as well!
This is where I put my foot down... except he ignores that.
Despite me saying "no" to the shots multiple times, he got up and went to find the waitress to order the shots, probably so that I *couldn't tell her that I didn't want one*.
Now it's really clear that he's trying to get me drunk, and I really don't want to be drunk.
Again, yes, hindsight is 20/20.
I should have taken his absence from the table as my opportunity to disappear, but I'm an idiot.
A lot of why I didn't leave is because he didn't really do anything "wrong", if that makes sense?
He didn't make lewd comments or grab me or anything- the only "wrong" thing he was doing was being very persuasive and then ignoring my protests against more drinks.
Otherwise, he was very friendly and polite, so out of a desire to also be polite, I stayed.
Ladies: learn from my mistake, and DON'T STAY IN SITUATIONS LIKE THIS JUST TO BE POLITE.
Even though I stayed at the table, I'm not a *complete* moron, so while I was alone, I dumped half of my beer into the potted plant next to me.
I'm really not sure if he noticed, because he didn't say anything about it, but the plant was still fizzing when he returned... oops.
Now we've got two shots in front of us and partially drunk beers.
I finish both and run in to the bathroom (that's a 1.5liters in an hour and a half...
I was bursting at the seams), only to return to find out he'd ordered us both another beer in my absence.
This beer is now the 5th drink of the evening, and would put the volume of liquid at 2 liters.
That's hella beer, and I was really struggling to even drink it.
While I'm super slowly sipping my beer, the guy started getting phone calls every few minutes.
Now, I mentioned he was Pakistani before because that's relevant now.
I couldn't understand the calls because he was speaking Urdu on the phone, but it was clear that someone was impatient with him and wanted him to hurry up, especially since they kept calling back over and over.
He said it was some friends asking him to come hang out.
Eventually, he got tired of waiting for me to finish my beer (I was REALLY struggling to drink it), so he says "forget the beer, let's go."
He pays the tab and we start walking down the side street.
Now it's about 10:30pm.
It's dark.
I decided to myself that one way or another, I would be gone and headed back to the hotel at 10:45.
While we're walking through the streets of Trier, an older Pakistani man suddenly comes up to us.
His uncle, apparently, who speaks no German or English.
I shake his hand and greet him anyway, then the guy stepped in between me and his uncle, so that I couldn't see what they were doing... but I could hear the sound of paper money being exchanged and counted.
Then the guy said "thanks", and we kept walking.
After a little bit, we come to a hookah bar.
The guy has been smoking cigarettes all evening, which is also pretty normal in Europe, but I have never smoked in my life and I don't want to start (I can't stand the smell), so I'd declined his offers of cigarettes.
Now he's trying to persuade me to go into the hookah bar (where his "friends" who'd been calling him are) and smoke a hookah and have another drink.
Nope.
I glance at my watch, and it's 10:45, when I promised myself I'd leave no matter what.
So I begin to say that I couldn't *possibly* stay and smoke a hookah because my (boy)friend's train would be in at 11, and I said I'd be there to meet him (which is complete BS- he wouldn't arrive for another two hours).
I'm super clear that there's a man expecting me very shortly, which gets him to finally back off (weird how that works), then I quickly walk away.
Once I'm around the corner, I broke into a run for a bit to make sure I wasn't being followed, then found my way back to the main square and then to my hotel, where I collapsed on my bed.
Everything was swirling around me because of the booze, and the first thing my boyfriend said when he saw me 2 hours later was "...are you drunk?"
&amp;#x200B;

**TL;DR** \- I was an idiot and let a stranger get me drunk while I was alone at a bar in a foreign country, and he may have tried to sell me to a middle-aged man, but I ran away right before I walked into what was potentially a trap where his "friends" were waiting.
*Never ever stay in a situation where you're uncomfortable just to be polite!
*
Was the sex trafficking a clickbait?
Or am I missing something ?
Also this said this happened last summer.
And you wrote that you wanted to get back to your room to check reddit.
But you've only been a member of reddit  for 26 days....
Reddit undoubtedly has huge numbers of people who view the site without creating an account.
I was on here for the NSFW subreddits for at least a year before I created an account and started actually commenting and submitting to other areas of the site.
This happened a couple months ago, yeah.
This is my 5th reddit account; my most recent.
I chose to post  this on this account instead of an older account because I knew people would look at my post history to judge me, and I wanted you to have less to go off of.
I've been on reddit for a couple years.
People lurk, sherlock.
?
??
You waited 25 days to post this story or serially create new accounts to give Redditors “less to go off of”.
I just create a new account every so often.
Is that actually such a weird thing?
Sherlock Holmes over here denying the existence of alt accounts and lurkers.
I don’t see the appeal, but that doesn’t mean it’s weird either.
Just different

Don’t worry about what other people think, unless you HAPPEN to be a weirdo, there’s nothing to fear.
Most people will forget you, forget me, and won’t remember none of this a week from now.
I find that wasted energy

Unless you’re a celebrity and that’s why you gotta change accounts ;p Totally normal.
Sort of, but it's far weirder anyone is giving a shit lol.
No I really don't follow either.
Everyone else seems to agree OP was just moments away from slavery.
Personally, all i read was about a girl who drank a lot of booze with some dude.
You really underestimate the amount of sex trafficking these southern Asian dudes are causing.
Literally there was just this year a massive fucking pedophile ring busted all through the UK and parts of Europe that was rooted in these guys.
Call it stereotyping but that's a legitimate major issue coming from those countries right now.
This could have just been a rape but there's definitely a chance it was a more organized trafficking ring.
I don't doubt that it happens.
I just don't have enough info here to understand how this was a sex trafficking situation.
&gt; unless you HAPPEN to be a weirdo

Shit.
I think the money exchanging hands may have had something to do with it.
Sure.
It's interesting how Reddit screams foul all over about racial prejudice but the second a girl thinks that she -may- have been a target then all of a sudden it's ok to assume.
I mean it's a pakistani/south asian and everybody nows how bad they are, right?
/s.
Yeah, just sounds like the guy was a creep who wanted to get some.
Terrible things can happen but trafficking of random tourists just isn't a thing, no matter what Liam Neeson says.
It's almost like sometimes people create new accounts or have alts so that personal stories can't link them to their main accounts!
Shocking, I know.
This post+comments is driving me nuts.
If this were a white guy this would've been labelled as "social anxiety and paranoia scenario" not "almost getting sex trafficked scenario"
"He convinces me"....ok.
Don't think questioning OP is the right angle here, buddy.
She's in a pretty vulnerable position, being pressured by a guy that hasn't done anything "wrong", and who's probably very aware of what he's doing, to a susceptible target (OP).
OP also stunted by her wish to remain polite, and probably has difficulty saying "no" to people.
It's easy to see why he can convince her.
Eh I disagree.
As a woman traveling alone it’s not smart to get drunk with a strange man alone in a foreign city.
Not smart at all.
She’s actually very lucky nothing happened.
And she had a bf, why was she entertaining a random guy getting drunk.
Just curious since I'm not old enough to drink in the US, but how much beer do you drink to get drunk?
When I was vacationing in Japan, I did drink around .5L and didn't feel any different.
who she also kept referring to as her "friend" not boyfriend.
[removed]
Yeah exactly!
Like why wouldn’t you blatantly say I have a bf he’s coming soon gotta go.
I feel like she was maybe interested til things got sketchy etc.
it was just a weird situation to put yourself in alone in a foreign country with a bf...
I actually don’t drink anymore at all but I used to be able to drink quite a bit.
It really depends on weight, time period, what you ate, metabolism and tolerance.
My buddy is an functioning alcoholic and won't get really drunk until like beer 15.
My other buddy got pretty wasted on a 6 pack because he never drinks.
I'd say avg is maybe 4 beers to get good and buzzed and 8 beers to get pretty far gone but that's really just a very rough guesstimate.
Tbh it just sounds like OP changed her mind 3/4 of the way into a one night stand she wanted to have before her boyfriend showed up.
backpedaling the whole way, literally rewriting the story to not only justify her actions, but also garner hundreds of pats on the back for her daring escape from the spooky brown man?
impossible.
not on *my* internet.
Hey you know what?
None of us come into this world ready to do combat against the assholes and evil people intent on seeing any of us as prey.
Learning how to defend, learning how to say “no” and learning to say “fuck being polite” are learned behaviours that don’t come easy.
Usually it takes an incident like this one to make us realize the importance of defensive behaviour.
This was your time to learn, and you did.
Good for you.
Some people never get the chance before they become victims.
You didn’t.
That’s a win for you.
I hope that guy’s karma runs over him like a dump truck.
100% learned.
Sharing stories like this helps shorten the learning curve.
I don't care how many times your mother told you to be a proper lady, there will always be times where only your bitchy side will do.
I hope he develops the wisdom to see the error in his ways.
I hope his reddit karma goes to shit when he has a very very downvoted comment.
Pretty sure it’s the other way around.
People are taught to be polite.
That story was scary for sure.
It makes understandable why some women react with a certain degree of hostility when men approach them, with all the creeps, pervs and psychos out there I cannot say I blame them.
It is great that op escaped a possibly horrible fate.
Most people who are victims say thejr instincts were telling them no, but they didn't want to be rude.
Agreed, thanks for sharing this.
As a guy who is overly polite and introverted I can absolutely relate to not wanting to be rude and giving people the benefit of the doubt.
Learned a lot from your story.
My mother always told me most men are pigs and evil.
Just assume that until proven otherwise.
lol.
There’s no way to know for sure if his intentions were good or not.
He could have really just been going in to meet his friends and grab a drink.
BUT if I were here I would’ve left a long time ago regardless.
Fuck peer pressure.
Just make sure you don't drink a drink you don't want!
Even if they buy it and put it in front of you doesn't mean you can't refuse.
Literally just say no and walk away or sit there and not drink it.
Also, I wouldn't drink anything a stranger brought me anyway - it could be roofied!
I'd take a regular non-karma dump truck running him over.
Am man, can confirm, we're mostly pretty terrible.
That's appreciated.
I see a lot of threads and posts on reddit generally pissy at women who give them the brush off, usually after doing a cold approach in public.
Like, I understand that it's not easy for guys in the dating scene, that it takes courage and you're putting a lot on the line by going in to try and chat up a girl you just saw, but I wish more guys would understand that from the woman's perspective, this is the situation we're trained to avoid since we are children.
Don't speak to strange men - don't go anywhere with strange men - just because he seems nice doesn't mean he's not going to throw you in his boot and they'll find your raped and desiccated body 3 years later in some backwoods.
That's the worst case scenario, sure.
maybe he'll only sell you to sex traffickers.
Or maybe he just date rapes you and you get to leave alive in the morning.
Or maybe he's just a guy who likes you and hopes you like him too.
There's different stakes when a man approaches a woman in public.
The guy is probably thinking 'worst case scenario, she rejects me and I'm humiliated' which is no small thing, but realise that for women, they'll be trying to assess if you mean them serious harm.
So yeah, some may be rude and blunt and say 'I have a boyfriend' before you even open your mouth, but they're the ones that have chosen not to engage.
It's self-defense.
I wonder what makes the crime rates be so much higher among men... Not just for sexual assault and such, but crimes in general.
Now I have to go research this.
Can someone please explain what the guy did that was so horrible?

Summary: 
Now I have to go research this.
I don't doubt that it happens.
Or am I missing something ?
No I really don't follow either.
This was your time to learn, and you did.
That's hella beer, and I was really struggling to even drink it.
Now, I mentioned he was Pakistani before because that's relevant now.
I just create a new account every so often.
Literally just say no and walk away or sit there and not drink it.
This is where I put my foot down... except he ignores that.
Yeah, just sounds like the guy was a creep who wanted to get some.
He could have really just been going in to meet his friends and grab a drink.
Learned a lot from your story.
People are taught to be polite.
I just don't have enough info here to understand how this was a sex trafficking situation.
Just make sure you don't drink a drink you don't want!
*Ok,* I think, *I've got plenty of time before my boyfriend gets here.
Still, two drinks isn't much.
Or maybe he's just a guy who likes you and hopes you like him too.
Again, he immediately orders me a beer.
I hope he develops the wisdom to see the error in his ways.
I think the money exchanging hands may have had something to do with it.
Now it's really clear that he's trying to get me drunk, and I really don't want to be drunk.
This actually happened over the summer, when I was studying abroad in Germany.
That story was scary for sure.
This is my 5th reddit account; my most recent.
who she also kept referring to as her "friend" not boyfriend.
It's easy to see why he can convince her.
Pretty sure it’s the other way around.
