Original Response: 
It's one of my favorite shows on Netflix.
Are you by watching it contributing to the growth of sexual immorality?
There are 1 million better things to do.
&gt;  sexual immortality

Sexual Immortality?
As in never ending sex?
Every guys dream!
Lol.
I meant immorality.
Maybe not *every* guy but certainly a good portion of humanity in general.
I know but I couldn’t resist.
/s.
1 million dollar better things to do

These guys would still be gay even if 0 people watched their show lmao.
But their show would be canceled in only few people watched.
[deleted]
That does nothing about people being gay though, which is what you have a problem with.
Just don’t watch that garbage people, please.
"stop liking things I don't like"
No Christian should like that.
Christians are supposed to HATE sin - love people but hate sin.
Christians don't even agree if it's a sin.
It’s not about what people think but what the Word says.
And loving the people on the show would include watching it so they have an income.
That’s nonsensical.
Christians don’t even necessarily agree on that.
Out of the three references that we translate “homosexuals” in the New Testament, two aren’t even actually about homosexuality, and the other doesn’t condemn it as sin, just calls it “unnatural.” If God doesn’t want a gay person to be gay, (and it is in no way your job to determine that) then He will convict them.
If not, just lay off.
There’s a reason Christians are known as bigots, and that’s because far too many of us show condemnation to homosexuals and others when we shouldn’t be.
At all.
You realize that no biblical scholar holds this view.
Homosexuality is sexual immorality, Period.
Actually, you can look it up.
There are those that do.
Also, whether in the Old or New Testament, most, if not all, direct references to homosexuality or, coincidentally enough, incest, are references that involve these practices in relation to idolatry.
Not just on their own.
Because they had no concept of sexuality the way we do.
The whenever you see the word “homosexuals” in the New Testament, it’s actually two separate words, arsenokoitai and malakoi.
Malakoi refers to temple prostitutes, and when used with arsenokoitai, (which would be better translated as dirty old men) malakoi refers to specifically male CHILD prostitues.
In Corinth, where the reference occurs, Temple prostitution was a HUGE issue, thus the reference in the next verses against sleeping with prostitutes.
It’s not actually about homosexuality.
The other reference, in one of the letters to Timothy, isn’t talking about sin, but about not living in the same way as the world does.
In Romans, the third reference, it also doesn’t condemn it.
Rather, Paul says that homosexuality is an unnatural perversion of relationships as a result of sin and idolatry.
It’s not about homosexuality as a sin, it’s about distinguishing yourself, as a Christian, from the rest of the world.
Do you have the same exact opinion about media created by and/or depicting people who have premarital sex?
Surely that's the more pervasive sexual sin to concern yourself with.
Let me just ask you this, is sex outside marriage a sin according to the Bible?
Yes it’s bad as well.
Yes.
Any sexual relations outside of marriage is sin.
Then homosexuality is a sin.
Glad we finally agree.
Explain.
The Bible doesn't necessarily preclude marriage between two individuals of the same sex.
The ideal in marriage is one man and one woman, but have you ever realized how many great men in the Bible NEVER reached that ideal?
Are you, by voting for and supporting trump, contributing to the growth of immorality?
Yes.
In the context of the Bible marriage can only be between a man and a woman, there is really no debate about that, people weren’t even confused about the God ordained concept of marriage.
Now there were people that were called to certain tasks but the Bible clearly says that it’s a gift from God to be able to fit that role.
And because of sexual immorality it is recommended that each man have his own wife and each wife her own husband.
Bible also says that these two (wife and husband) become one flesh.
Which again can only happen in a heterosexual union.
You know that given context, it's entirely possible that David and Jonathan's relationship was homoerotic, right?
I wouldn’t say that, it’s to be understood only as a friendship.
This seems inadequate to me.
How many Hollywood movies depict or very heavily imply premarital sex?
Do you honestly speak out against all of those, or is it THE GAYS that draw your ire?
Against all kinds of sexual immorality, sir.
I just LOVE the emphasis ya put on hate there.
Really says a lot about ya as a person.
I’m glad you are on my side, you get it.
&gt; you get it.
But something tells me that you don't.
;)

Summary: 
It’s not actually about homosexuality.
Then homosexuality is a sin.
Homosexuality is sexual immorality, Period.
Christians don't even agree if it's a sin.
It’s not about what people think but what the Word says.
Any sexual relations outside of marriage is sin.
No Christian should like that.
But their show would be canceled in only few people watched.
Are you by watching it contributing to the growth of sexual immorality?
Because they had no concept of sexuality the way we do.
