Original Response: 
Please utilize this sticky thread for all general **Bitcoin** discussions!
If you see posts on the front page or /r/Bitcoin/new which are better suited for this daily discussion thread, please help out by directing the OP to this thread instead.
Thank you!
Daily threads are fast paced!
If you don't get an answer to your question, you can try phrasing it differently or commenting again tomorrow.
We have a couple chat rooms now.
Come say hello.
* [General](https://s.reddit.com/channel/872992_609338364f5a4ced9f9431a4da06076a6ec995dd)

* [Price Talk](https://s.reddit.com/channel/872992_d38a28dd2ee2efae707c89ce6491650e4a1bc078)

Please check the [previous discussion thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/9bs0e4/daily_discussion_august_31_2018/) for unanswered questions.
Btrash is surging right now in response to some stress test I guess?
Everyone over there on their bullshit sub is very excited by some large blocks I guess?
I don’t know enough to really say if it’s hype or not.
Right now they’re back up to 8.5% of BTC.
Yesterday it was like 7.6%.
I don’t love that.
Anyone have any thoughts?
I bet once the stress test or whatever ends it'll fall back down.
Someone is buying large amounts.
I would imagine it's probably someone with Deep Pockets that sees the stress test going well.
Also keep in mind we are towards the bottom end of a bear market so people who believe in the project might be loading up their bags.
Their sub is just a little echochamber - they get excited about everything Btrash - they're like the Mom of a fat talentless kid auditioning for ballet school.
This whole stress test is a pump scam to raise the price so ppl can unload ahead of this 3-way fork shitshow.
I hope Jihan dumps on the poor souls that bought more to “test the scalability of the network”.
I went over there to watch the drama and apparently all sorts of services are breaking etc.
But of course most of what you hear is false equivalency to BTC claiming how this proves yards yadda yadda..
DIE ALREADY.
Explain: you mean supporters may actually be buying RogerCoin to support the stress test?
I assume some of them are..
I suppose we could take a look at exchange volume, the slight jump in price might be an indicator.
I don’t care enough to look into it.
It is fun to watch the meltdown tho.
All those transactions are bound to have knock on effects I suppose.
&gt;you mean supporters may actually be buying RogerCoin

The word rogercoin made me lol.
Never heard that one before.
I lay claim to coining it  - it's rather good isn't it :)

(Also useful against automods where you can't write Bcash.)
It is.
Im gonna start using it too.
Hmm.
A report that someone's BCH disappeared from a Bitpay wallet - silly stress test.
I got tipped on that sub "to post on cash.memo" (don't ask me why or what I told the generous giver) so I wouldn't be surprised someone is giving away shitcoin money to stress test as well.
I really hate that Bcash tipping.
Someone gives you half a cent, to make some stupid point.
Yeah, mee too.
They're basically paying people to say what they want to hear.
I think it is also because of possibility of a fork of that coin resulting in 2 versions of bcash.
A real mess I would say if that happens but some punters feel that such splits result in getting free coins so the fomo to get a piece of the action.
If you really want a piece of that irrational action, you could try to buy some bcash and sell it a few days before it splits.
It is a huge risk though because at the end of the day it is a shitcoin and a trading decision to take advantage of irrationality can come back to bite you.
[removed]
I think you're absolutely right.
It may well be semi-rational to jump on board that shitfork just before, and then jump off.
I have no doubt people will try it.
I also suspect Roger's cabal will pump that false opportunity for all it is worth.
So there may be a short term Bcash price rise, even though rationally it should be a collapse.
It will be interesting to watch.
Personally I'll just stand back and observe.
That coin is cancer.

Summary: 
I assume some of them are..
I have no doubt people will try it.
I really hate that Bcash tipping.
I don’t care enough to look into it.
I think you're absolutely right.
It will be interesting to watch.
Someone is buying large amounts.
Btrash is surging right now in response to some stress test I guess?
