Original Response: 
One day it'll be Gen Y (Millennials) holding power in Australia.
How are we going to ~~get revenge~~ change Australian politics?
I'll be really disappointed if we don't do something about the property investors and banks that locked our generation out of decent housing.
We will want to emphasise climate change far more, as we will live with its effects throughout our whole lives.
Housing affordability will be a huge issue for us, we're all locked out of the market.
The culture wars that the right are fond of will probably fade away with our generation.
Of course I'm sceptical that we will do anything really.
Our political system isn't one that is designed for quick changes, and our people as a whole are very apathetic.
fascism will come to dominate the west by that stage.
I'll believe it when I see it.
At current rates of immigration into "western" countries there will be no room for fascist ideologies to take hold within the next decade.
diminishing resources and mass pop displacement will see it eventuate.
I actually agree.
Once climate change kicks in and we have resource shortages combined with massive human displacement politics is going to get very, very fucking ugly.
Look at what happened with Syria and the amount of bullshit that was doing at refugees then multiple it many many times over.
Serious question, why is all the debate seemingly around waste, like we can always clean up that shit later but climate change gets to a point where it is irreversible and needs to be acted in quickly.
I don't know what you are getting at to be honest?
Speak for yourself.
Not all gen y are locked out if the housing market at all.
I'm a gen y homeowner, i know loafs of gen y homeowners and more and more of my friends are buying all the time.
I think the real pushback will be cost of living vs quality of living.
I think our generation is already showing working longer and harder for more and more isn't really what we are about.
We want time and energy to pursue interests outside of work, or we start up our own businesses to make our interests our jobs.
In Sydney?
No I  don't live in Sydney.
Not everyone lives in Sydney.
Well, I think the point was that most Gen Y who live in major urban centres such as Sydney are locked out of the housing market.
Sure, housing is affordable in regional Australia.
However, the reality is that most gen Y live in urban areas such as Sydney.
I live in an urban centre, in a captial city in fact.
Most gen y I know who own houses live in a captial city the others in large regional towns.
The comment said gen y are locked out if the housing market not the housing market in Sydney.
Well lets stop being vague.
Which capital city?
Lets compare median house prices.
&amp;#x200B;

Sydney &amp; Melbourne make up 10 of the 25 million people in this country and statistically have a younger demographic compared to rural Australia.
Housing affordability in Sydney / Melbourne is a national issue whether you like it or not.
Personally I live in Canberra, which I know has lower housing prices but I have frienda and family in Melbourne and Brisbane as well.
No one I know wants to live in Sydney.
Gen Y home owner here.
In Sydney.
It is possible however I understand why a lot wont make the sacrifices needed.
The difference i noticed between income now vs previous gen is that waiting for your income will not get you a house as opposed to before.
You really have to chase it.
The money is there, especially in Sydney/Melbourne.
Because you know people from canberra.

&gt;fascism will come to dominate the west by that stage
 
Keep dreaming.... the Greens will never win.

Summary: 
No I  don't live in Sydney.
Not all gen y are locked out if the housing market at all.
Not everyone lives in Sydney.
I don't know what you are getting at to be honest?
No one I know wants to live in Sydney.
I'll believe it when I see it.
Gen Y home owner here.
