Original Response: 
Genetic engineering is now cheap, relatively simple, and pretty reliable - at least when done in a lab setting.
Using a tool called CRISPR, researchers can access DNA in live cells, target specific strings of the DNA code to slice out, turn gene expression up or down, or even swap in new DNA.
This means we can, theoretically, reverse genetic conditions, modify cell behaviors, and perhaps program the cells to better fight against disease.
If you want an overview on CRISPR and how it works, my university created this animated explainer: [https://youtu.be/iXgU--ugLqY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXgU--ugLqY)

My lab is using CRISPR to better understand how the genome controls the functions of human immune cells, in health and disease.
We hope to use this research to inform future cell-based therapies to fight cancer, infectious disease, and autoimmunity.
If you're deeply interested in CRISPR, you may have heard of our recent work - we discovered a way to make CRISPR more efficient and flexible in re-writing long DNA sequences in human immune cells, without the use of viruses.
There are currently FDA approved gene engineered T cell therapies for certain types of cancer.
These cells have been generated by using modified viruses to deliver genes into haphazard sites in the T cell genomes.
Improved non-viral CRISPR delivery allows us, effectively, to paste long new stretches of DNA sequences into specific sites in the genome, without having to rely viruses that are costly and laborious to employ.
We are working to develop non-viral CRISPR-based genome targeting into broadly useful platforms to make better, faster, cheaper engineered T cells for the next generation of immunotherapies.
You can read my university's story about it here: [http://tiny.ucsf.edu/OccPKL](http://tiny.ucsf.edu/OccPKL)

I'm here to talk about all things CRISPR, genetic engineering, immunology, or any other part of my work.
I'll start around 2:30pm PT (5:30 PM ET, 22:30 UT), AMA!
EDIT: Hi everyone, I’m logged in and eager to start answering your questions!
EDIT 2: I appreciate all the questions, I enjoyed answering them.
I’m signing off now, but am looking forward to seeing how the conversation evolves here.
Thanks and goodnight.
The [teleomere theory of aging](https://www.verywellhealth.com/telomere-shortening-the-secret-to-aging-2224346) states that the decay of teleomeres at the ends of DNA strands is associated with, or a partial cause of, aging.
&amp;#x200B;

Has there been any research into using CRISPR to repair or lengthen teleomeres?
&amp;#x200B;

Is there something structurally different about teleomeres (as opposed to the usual CRISPR targets) that would make this possibility unworkable?
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
That's a fascinating question.
I am not aware of the latest in this field, which is a bit outside of my area of focus.
There likely could be opportunities to use CRISPR to explore telomere biology and mechanisms of cellular aging.
However, there would be significant challenges to figure out how to use CRISPR to manipulate these pathways safely in cells throughout the human body to reverse aging.
The problem of telomeres shortened by aging or chronic inflammation (smoking, certain infectious diseases...) is that the shortening actually protects against cancer, since the highly mutated cells are unable to replicate.
You could potentially activate telomerase (which increases telomere length) in aged people, potentially holding back aging worst traits but that comes at an increased risk of cancer.
For that purpose CRISPR is not needed, there are better theorical tools for that (which don't work exactly well in humans for now) 

That said, CRISPR should be great to treat telomere diseases such as dyskeratosis, which are manifested early in life.
Wouldn't most cancers be relatively treatable by the time CRISPR technology is developed that far?
Well CRISPR would introduce cells that live forever that end up being cancer.
I don't think it can fix it because then you'd have so many cancer cells that you have to go back and try to kill.
Cells aren't dividing much anyways, under physiological conditions.
And stem cells which do divide have telomerase activity anyways.
Telomeres do not protect against cancer by stopping division, rather they protect against DNA damage at the end of the chromosomes at division.
It's a great misconception, likely coming from everybody working with cell cultures (esp.
in toxicology): most cells do not divide.
They do divide nonetheless, and telomerase activity does not prevent telomere shortening in stem cells, it does rather slow the process down considerably.
In any case, short telomeres do cause replicative senescence, stopping cell replication, and it does prevent cancer appearance.
Yes, mosy cells do not divide and we could talk about how much does skin cells divide vs heart, but its not the topic here.
CRISPR technology is advancing really fast, while cancer is just.... Really complex.
That's why there is no real cure for cancer (cancer develop resistance for chemicals, immunity system may overlook cancerous cells, surgery dont guarrantee cure since a single "cancer stem cell" can repopulate...
Etc).
CRISPR is a really powerful tool but I can't see it applied locally in cancer and, if done, non-transformant cancer cells would repopulate the tumour.

Summary: 
in toxicology): most cells do not divide.
And stem cells which do divide have telomerase activity anyways.
Well CRISPR would introduce cells that live forever that end up being cancer.
Cells aren't dividing much anyways, under physiological conditions.
&amp;#x200B;

Has there been any research into using CRISPR to repair or lengthen teleomeres?
CRISPR technology is advancing really fast, while cancer is just.... Really complex.
