Original Response: 
I don’t know where else to post and I’m a woman so I felt like this was an alright place please forgive me.
I went grocery shopping today like a normal Sunday morning and when I went to load up my car I heard these loud popping sounds and I am a gun owner and go to shooting ranges every so often to practice with my husband so I recognize the sound and it was very distinct.
The grocery store was to my back and I heard the gun sounds coming from behind me, I dropped my bag holding my cans of tomatoes and other canned goods and left the rest of my groceries as I scurried into my vehicle as I grabbed my purse.
It’s a Sunday so it’s very packed and the parking lot had about 10-12 people in my aisle walking and they quickly turned around with some people fast walking at first and then running quickly.
I saw a mom out the corner of my eye leave her cart of groceries as well and run to her vehicle just as I did.
It was terrifying.
There was about 20-30 gunshots within a minute I thought the grocery store was getting shot up and I presume that’s what the other people thought as they ran away in fear.
I called my husband frantically but he’s working overtime today with loud machinery.
After the third time with him not answering I called the local police and they said that the police were on the way already and thanked me for my call.
I tried to remain calm as I drove less than a mile home and could still hear the gunshots.
I didn’t want to leave my car but I did and left the food in my car and locked the car and my house and grabbed my gun and ran upstairs and locked my bedroom door.
I know this sounds crazy but I was so nervous because I live so close and was still in fear.
I turned on my police scanner (it’s an app on my phone) and about 20 minutes later they reported that a few males were doing target practice directly in back of the grocery store!!
What the hell!!
Why would you put people in terror by doing that!!
They were shooting right in back of the building it sounded like the shots were coming from the inside of the store or the parking lot so we all ran away in fear.
I feel like an idiot for running for nothing, wasting my money, and looking like a fool.
I hope no one got hurt when they ran away there was quite a few elderly individuals.
I was terrified.
My husband called me when I was in the room and said he was proud of me and said “you did everything right” but I feel so silly!
I’m glad it was nothing and no one got hurt but I’m so angry that those people feel like they can shoot so close to a grocery store and I am a gun owner they should know better!
You did absolutely nothing wrong and you should not feel stupid.
My God those idiots caused a panic and isnt there a law against people doing this?
I would get a lawyer and look into suing those assholes for causing a panic and possibly PTSD.
Yoh thought your life was in danger and you did the right thing.
Never assume it is anything less than someone shooting people.
I hope those guys got arrested.
There are laws against things like this (discharging a firearm within city limits, for example).
At the very least they would have been cited for disorderly conduct and disturbing the peace.
Wow, that is nothing but a slap on the wrist.
I was a block away from where the Boston Marathon Bomber was found.
I was inside my house on lockdown for that entire day, when he was in the boat.
When the cops found him and started shooting the boat, it was the scariest thing I have ever heard in my life.
To this day I am triggered when I hear rapid gunfire.
What those assholes did was entice fear and panic w/o any regards to anyone within earshot.
They need to be punished.
Edit: a word.
State to state law differs but in my state, I believe that law doesn’t apply unless the city population is greater than 10,000 people.
[removed]
Really?
A lawsuit for being scared?
This is possibly the worst advice I have ever seen on reddit.
We don't know any of the facts surrounding this story.
The store could be out of city limits or just on the edge thus making the target shooting legal.
Maybe the city doesn't have a law pertaining to this (which I find hard to believe but anything can happen).
&gt; Really?
A lawsuit for being scared?
It's more than just being scared.
People get hurt getting mowed down by crowds in situations like this.
There's a reason the First Amendment doesn't protect yelling "fire" in a crowded theater.
Besides, depending on the exact layout of the area, there's a risk of stray bullets hitting someone who didn't realize they needed to wear a fucking hunting vest to walk next to a grocery store.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
&gt;There's a reason the First Amendment doesn't protect yelling "fire" in a crowded theater.
As a matter of fact, [it does](http://civil-liberties.yoexpert.com/civil-liberties-general/is-it-legal-to-shout-%22fire%22-in-a-crowded-theater-19421.html)
Interesting.
TIL.
Still seems like it should be reckless endangerment or something (I'm not a legal expert, obviously).
[removed]
&gt;Really?
A lawsuit for being scared?
You are actually a fucking retard.
The shooters essentially faked a mass shooting.
That's straight up terrorism, intentional or not.
As was pointed out you are wrong about the yelling fire part as well as a hunting vest does nothing to protect you from gunfire so I fail to understand your point there.
Not knowing the layout we cannot infer whether they were  being safe or not,.
So if someone honks their car horn and scares someone which in turn causes an accident then they should be sued by your ridiculous reasoning.
Grow up, toughen up, and get educated, now she has a life lesson to fall back on and she is all the wiser for it.
Instead of working to increase and justify her fear let's figure out what we can do so that people don't "get PTSD" from hearing a few gunshots.
A hunting vest doesn't stop bullets, but it makes you visibly obvious so that the dipshits firing guns see you wandering around behind the store for whatever reason and hopefully stop firing in that general direction.
&amp;#x200B;

There's a huge difference between "hearing a few gunshots" out in the woods and "hearing a few gunshots" indoors, inside a place where people aren't supposed to be shooting.
I grew up next to the woods hearing people hunting all the time, though I never hunted myself.
I would panic if I were in town, far from a shooting range or a hunting area, and heard gunshots.
&amp;#x200B;

What's the "life lesson" here?
If you hear gunshots in a place where there shouldn't be any gunshots, you should ignore them?
Would you have told that to the people down in \[insert the latest mass shooting here, because there's a new one every fucking week\], instead of telling them to run and take cover?
You're an idiot, gunfire does not equal a mass shooting,  faked or real.
Does someone lighting a cigarette equal a house burning down?
Does someone slamming on their brakes equal a car accident?
Give me an example of something you do in your life that should be judged by the same bullshit ideology that you use to justify a stupid lawsuit like was mentioned.
And why do hunters wear vests to make themselves more visible?
Because they are in the woods and other areas where more visibility is required unlike walking across a parking lot or in a grocery store.
Then consider the people shooting were not hunting but just target shooting, further rendering your comment useless.
You mention you heard gunshots from people hunting all the time, didn't they have seasons for hunting and aren't they primarily in the colder months?
Next we don't know where this grocery store is, you assume it's in the middle of town but if there are people target practicing then it obviously isn't in the middle of town but near the edge somewhere.
The OP says herself that she over reacted and while everyday people over react, under react, and just plain react you want to defend the reaction that the OP says was wrong, and without knowing the full details.
The life lesson is that if you hear gunshots you should absolutely be aware but also keep everything in context.
The life lesson is that not every gunshot is a mass shooting, as a matter of fact a very minute number of them are, but our 24 hour never ending news coverage makes it seem like a bigger problem than it is.
The life lesson is that people will do things that we don't like everyday so we need to weigh whether they were actually doing something wrong or just doing something we don't like.
The life lesson is that even though we can claim "I grew up around guns" it doesn't mean that we know anything about them, the people who are shooting the guns know 1000's times more about what's going on than the ones just hearing the gunshots from somewhere else and that is where we have the disconnect here.
This is another example of the Dunning Krueger Effect, which states that the people who are most knowledgeable on a subject tend to underrate their own knowledge and abilities while overestimating the knowledge and abilities of those who know less, at the same time the people who know the least and are least able will overrate their abilities.
In this case the people target shooting were probably doing so in a safe manner because the police probably would have said if it were otherwise, but the people who didn't know anything other than gunshots assumed they knew what was happening.
While the shooters assumed anyone else would know they were target shooting the listeners assumed someone was trying to kill them,  which is there reasonable assumption here?

Summary: 
Never assume it is anything less than someone shooting people.
I hope those guys got arrested.
&amp;#x200B;

What's the "life lesson" here?
A lawsuit for being scared?
Why would you put people in terror by doing that!!
It's more than just being scared.
I would panic if I were in town, far from a shooting range or a hunting area, and heard gunshots.
To this day I am triggered when I hear rapid gunfire.
The shooters essentially faked a mass shooting.
I grew up next to the woods hearing people hunting all the time, though I never hunted myself.
People get hurt getting mowed down by crowds in situations like this.
I know this sounds crazy but I was so nervous because I live so close and was still in fear.
I was inside my house on lockdown for that entire day, when he was in the boat.
My God those idiots caused a panic and isnt there a law against people doing this?
