Original Response: 
[removed]
What do you mean by a "classic" look?
Like, you want an old [goldwing](http://www.motorcyclespecs.co.za/model/Honda/honda_gl1100%20interstate.htm) or you want a [cruiser with fairings](https://www.indianmotorcycle.com/en-us/chieftain-classic/)?
Older Goldwings do look so much nicer so they’re definitely a consideration, I have also considered getting a Gwing and taking the fairings off but that makes the bike so much smaller and takes away a lot of storage which sort of defeats the purpose, basically I want the size and comfort and storage of a Goldwing with the aesthetic of a Norton Commando, Triumph Bonneville, CB750 etc.
I know Harley has some touring bikes but my whole life I’ve been told that you’ll spend more time fixing your Harley than riding it.
The new Indians are fairly solid.
If you want a bike that is more comfortable than a Harley, more reliable, better built, nicer looking out of the box, and is American Made for the same money... buy an Indian.
Look at the Scout and Scout Bobber.
You can add whatever level of farings or bags you want or don't, they come as 550'ish lbs and 100 bhp, so plenty of giddeeyup.
And they are pretty reasonably priced - $12-14k OTD.
Mine was 13k with passenger seat/pegs, 0 down, 0% APR for 60 months.
Thanks man!
I’m not married to American made, but all of that sounds great, I’ll check em out.
CB1100 or take a look at the Moto Guzzi line-up.
Thanks man!
The whole, "you'll spend more time fixing it than riding it" thing isn't true any longer.
It's a reputation that Harley has had a hard time shaking off.
Indian's and Harley are both very good bike manufacturer's, neither is quite as reliable as a metric bike.
However the difference is minimal anymore.
I knew Indians were good, but yeah the Harley thing comes from my dad and he was riding in the 70s and 80s where Harley riders would try to fight guys on Japanese or European bikes so I don’t know how much of it is hate for the riders versus the bikes, I’ll have a look and see what I see.
Modern Harleys are not the money pits they used to be.
That bad reputation comes from the years when AMF owned the brand and tried to ramp up production faster than quality control could keep up with.
AMF sold HD in 1981.
You should also watch out for bikes made before 2001 that use Magneti Marelli's EFI system, as those are prone to failure.
After 2001 Harley switched to Delphi for their EFI systems.
If you're looking at Consumer Reports to gauge reliability, keep in mind that people who pay $30k for a bike will have higher standards and can afford to take that bike to the shop for any little thing.
This leads premium brands like Harley and BMW to have worse reliability figures.
Meanwhile someone on a cheap Yamaha might just ignore minor issues or try to fix them on their own.
Even with that in mind, and Harley being more expensive than BMW or Ducati, Harley had issues with only 26% of their bikes, compared to 33% and 40% for BMW and Ducati, respectively.
Another figure to consider from CR is the percentage of people who would purchase another bike from that same manufacturer.
72% of Harley owners, compared to 70% for Honda, 68% for BMW, 66% Ducati, 62% Yamaha.
http://www.latimes.com/business/autos/la-fi-hy-consumer-reports-motorcycle-ratings-20160127-story.html.
Maybe take a look at Victory too?
Polaris ended production last year.
I'm in the hunt for a cruiser style bike with rear-foot controls so I've been looking hard lol.
Hopping on the Indian train here.
The Chief is very classic looking but still retains the modern engine and reliability.
Not the cheapest though!
The Moto Guzzi California is also a very sharp bike.

Summary: 
Maybe take a look at Victory too?
What do you mean by a "classic" look?
Modern Harleys are not the money pits they used to be.
Look at the Scout and Scout Bobber.
CB1100 or take a look at the Moto Guzzi line-up.
