Original Response: 
The problem is that forest clearing is not always a reversible process.
You can't just plant trees and expect a forest in 50 years time, problem solved.
Forest clearing destroys the top soil biome and it may have been degraded to the extent that any new planting will not survive.
Erosion or salinity changes brought on by tree removal can also change the soil forever.
We need to start realising that we can't simply change our mind and terraform the planet when it all goes wrong.
I still think it would be a worthwhile study to take a 100 acre plot of [semi arid outback](https://3c1703fe8d.site.internapcdn.net/newman/csz/news/800/2016/5-australiasgr.jpg) and plant drought resistant trees that grow to a larger height, to increase the canopy and shade as much ground as possible.
It can be reversed.
It can be done across the vast swathe of Australia.
It just takes funding and time.
100 acres is puny in places like that.
Maybe a 10,000 acre station in far west NSW.
100 acres is good for a study.
10,000 acres is puny for a station.
Doing this already, my property North Nsw, in 10 years have plant a million trees and shrubs and grasses, Seems to me it is raining more.
good on you.
how large is your property?
Exactly 10000 acres.
More to the point is if they gave tax concessions  to people who buy and rehabilitate land  it would not take long  before large  areas are forested again.
They could also give farmers tax concessions against profit if they restored land  without economic activity back to the days of Adam and Eve.
The Adam and Eve  land restoration tax concessions.
It would be great if a continent like Australian could  launch one of the biggest forestation programs in the world and lead the world.
i wont hold my breath  because our politicians are owned by the wreckers and vandals of the world.
Look up the NSW bioconservation trust.
No tax breaks but at least pumping money in nature reserves.
A proper carbon tax would help - earn credits for planting (and keeping) trees.
Jobs-in-growth!
I'd like to think it's possible but I'm not sure its the reality.
Once the topsoil has gone, it's changed forever.
You can't put mature trees, protective topsoil and water into the environment simultaneously and somehow expect time to go backwards.
The thylacine is gone.
Maybe with vast amounts of money, effort and genetic engineering we might be able to make a similar species but, if we valued it so much, maybe we shouldn't have let it go in the first place.

Summary: 
100 acres is good for a study.
10,000 acres is puny for a station.
100 acres is puny in places like that.
It just takes funding and time.
