Original Response: 
[deleted]
To me, it all comes down to John being the problem here.
Why did John bring two girls aboard if he didn't intend for your husband to cheat?
Did he expect them to talk while he fucked the other girl?
This doesn't add up.
It is also strange that both the girl and John don't clear up this situation stat.
Like, if I was on my best friend's boat, and brought a guy along, and my best friend's husband accused her of cheating, I'd instantly message him, explain the situation that this guy is 'mine' not hers, and ask him to do the same.
John didn't.
Your husband didn't ask her either to get in touch with you to talk about things.
If I was the girl involved, I'd get in touch with you and answer any questions.
I'd provide information on how I met John and ended up on the boat.
I'd apologize for the inconvenience and situation I unintentionally caused.
She did neither, and I find that... strange.
A girl must know how it sucks to believe your husband is cheating and I'd do anything to lift that stress off a fellow lady – especially if I wanted access to their boat!
While I agree that it sounds like she is John's side piece, I also think you need to trust your gut.
To start developing trust again, my suggestion would be to come to an agreement with your husband that he doesn't meet up with John and that John won't have access to your boat for a good while.
HB said to me, in all this, at one point, he's tried to distance himself more from John because he thinks he's not as great of a person as he used to, and he knows I dislike him.
He also said I was "jealous" of the time he's spent with John.
I was never jealous; from the start (and their "friendship" has only really come about this summer anyway) I thought John and his fiancee and their friends were bad news, and that they'd end up dragging him down to their level soon enough.
I'm usually pretty intuitive about people and John et al gave me a very bad vibe.
And, for a touch of irony, last night at the dinner that I did end up going to, one of HB's sailing crew who had just come back from vacation (coincidentally spent with John and company), said it wasn't good travelling with them and she wouldn't want to hang out with them again.
I suggested to HB later I'm not the only one who thinks these people are bad news.
Throughout all this, HB was most worked up that he didn't want me to have reason to believe he was unfaithful, kept saying how he knows it's shit thinking your partner may have cheated.
He was married before and says he knows it's the "worst feeling" - yeah no shit.
Or like forever, no more using the boat for his hookups.
You have to ask yourself what your husband enjoys about hanging out with John if he's such an asshole.
&gt; Or like forever, no more using the boat for his hookups.
This is what I'm thinking... Is John the second co-owner?
If not why is he using YOUR guys' boat as fck fest motel.
&gt; Why did John bring two girls aboard if he didn't intend for your husband to cheat?
Unless I knew them exceptionally well, I'd never voluntarily find myself in a situation where I was alone on a boat with two men without a trusted girlfriend.
Assuming John was trying to influence OP's husband to cheat just because two women happened to be in the same place is really weird.
&gt; She did neither, and I find that... strange.
It's probably because this is in no way a normal or reasonable thing to expect.
This is an issue between OP and her husband.
Trying to intervene in that as a stranger will blow up in your face almost every time.
If she's hooking up with John (who's in a consenting, open marriage) it's not her responsibility to bend over backward to assuage the paranoid, jealous SO reaction of every acquaintance she happens to be in the vicinity of.
That's not to say I think OP is either of those things, but people can be fucking nuts.
My friend had a girl DM her out of the blue on Instagram (no mutual followers) and call her a "desperate slut" because she happened to be in a tagged in a third-party's photo with her boyfriend and several other guests.
They'd never interacted and she didn't know who he was.
I guess she should have reached out and preemptively explained she just happened to be at the party?
Sailing is pretty niche, and if husband is such a deligent networker he won't drop people except in extreme circumstances.
&gt; Unless I knew them exceptionally well, I'd never voluntarily find myself in a situation where I was alone on a boat with two men without a trusted girlfriend.
I assumed that this girl is John's affair.
So I thought she knew him well enough to meet him with one of his friends without having a friend over, too.
&gt; They'd never interacted and she didn't know who he was.
I guess she should have reached out and preemptively explained she just happened to be at the party?
That's the difference in the situations.
In OP's case her husband got in touch with the girl, and they had met before.
OP also said that this girl wanted to continue to spend time on the boat.
If I wanted to spend time at someone's place again and they politely messaged me asking if I did something that could have upset their spouse, I'd step in instead of 'ghosting' them and deleting pics and setting my profile to private.
If a random stranger insulted me I wouldn't see a reason to get back to them either.
My "understanding" is this was a first time hook up with John and that girl.
That she was "after" him - according to HB and John has, in the past, gone ahead and invited people to our boat without HB's permission.
And the last time it happened I blew a gasket (I didn't know until I got there) because they had a threesome in there while I slept outside of the main cabin.
I was really pissed off and found it really disrespectful.
For me, there's no indication of how long the arrangement between John and the girl has been going on or how well they really know each other.
Could have been the first time they hooked up for all we know.
I have people I've met once or twice (or never) that comment on almost every single one of my posts, so that's not necessarily an indication.
It's circumstantial at best and a huuuuge leap to immediately start speculating that John was influencing OP's husband to cheat.
&gt; If I wanted to spend time at someone's place again and they politely messaged me asking if I did something that could have upset their spouse, I'd step in instead of 'ghosting' them and deleting pics and setting my profile to private

She doesn't owe OP anything.
I'd set my profile to private too if someone was stalking it to accuse their husband of cheating on them.
It's horrible that OP feels that way, but ultimately if I'm in this girls shoes and I know I've done nothing wrong, I would not reach out.
She's an adult with (ostensibly) a job and commitments and I doubt she has the time, energy, or desire to involve herself in someone else's relationship drama.
Maybe the husband told her not to interact.
I find this line from OP's post really telling:

&gt; I'm draining him with my suspicions and paranoia

This isn't something you say to someone if they've been completely trusting with you for the duration of your relationship prior to this "one little incident."
Based just on what she's written here, it seems like nothing OP's husband can say is a good enough explanation - why would she believe a girl she's never met before?
Just seems like we're not getting the objective truth here.
You have good points - thank you.
I will say though that I'm really not generally suspicious or paranoid, and I felt it was extremely unfair HB was latching on to those words with me now after he made himself look so shady to me with HIS actions.
I said just that to him and he admitted he would be feeling as I am, and when I said he should not be attacking me and should instead be focusing on rebuilding trust (or trying to) with me and not acting shady, he said I was right and agreed.
Yeah two girls two guys.
It’s basic math.
[removed]
And I think you're right, that does sound unfair.
Keep in mind sometimes people just exhaust their capacity to defend themselves.
If he's responded to every question with a reasonable answer and all you have is circumstantial evidence, is it fair to keep accusing him?
If I had to guess, seeing the instagram message between them will neither confirm nor deny anything, but you should still ask to see it.
Beyond that, you have to make a decision whether or not to believe him, and then act accordingly.
If you agree to work past this and then continue to punish him you will inevitably ruin your marriage.
...
Does enjoying group sex suddenly require you be insecure?
Not by default, but usually comes with the 2 girls on 1 dude territory... maybe I’m using my people reading powers for bad tho.
Like OP I’m fairy good at feelin folks out.
I try and use this for good but when you’re hooking up with one friend and you can tell the other friend feels left out so you get her in the mix I feel like they’re insecurely riding their friends wave instead of goin out and gettin their own man.
I’m not complaining tho and only have a 1 D:1 fantasy rule so I don’t know how it works when other men are involved.
Just my opinion, not the lord’s word or anything :p.
If that's really what you think, you're clearly not very good at reading people lol.
You get what you give.
I give a lot and luckily I get a lot in return.
Been workin thus far :)

Sorry for strikin a nerve with ya.
Stay up.

Summary: 
I assumed that this girl is John's affair.
She did neither, and I find that... strange.
This is an issue between OP and her husband.
&gt; She did neither, and I find that... strange.
To me, it all comes down to John being the problem here.
They'd never interacted and she didn't know who he was.
I'd provide information on how I met John and ended up on the boat.
&gt; They'd never interacted and she didn't know who he was.
My "understanding" is this was a first time hook up with John and that girl.
If I was the girl involved, I'd get in touch with you and answer any questions.
Could have been the first time they hooked up for all we know.
OP also said that this girl wanted to continue to spend time on the boat.
He also said I was "jealous" of the time he's spent with John.
