Original Response: 
People's party?
Corporate and Elitist Party is accurate.
He wants to end corporate welfare.
By supporting private healthcare?
To me that's supporting medical and pharmaceutical Corps.
Universal healthcare benefits the people and he's pushing to end it.
He doesn't want to dismantle public healthcare.
He wants to allow people to have the choice of private or public.
Slippery slope.
So you'd rather coerce me into your vision of the good life by denying me the ability to think and plan for my own life?
Not coercing anyone.
You believe and support whatever you like.
I have a different opinion.
To a more efficient health care system?
He wants to introduce a two tiered system, not eliminate universal healthcare.
The best healthcare systems in the world are two tiered, look at France and many other europeon countries.
Many other countries have two tier healthcare, and can provide better than what we’re doing now.
This article covers the dangers of implementing a two tier system:

https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/time-to-lead/privatizing-health-care-is-risky-for-all-of-us/article1395420/
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/time-to-lead/privatizing-health-care-is-risky-for-all-of-us/article1395420/
That’s an opinion piece.
Factually, other countries also provide two tier healthcare, and do it better than Canada.
Like Singapore.
Both authors are on the board of Canadian Doctors for Medicare.
&gt;Canadian Doctors for Medicare is an advocacy group committed to the preservation and enhancement of Canada's universal public health care system.
&gt;http://www.canadiandoctorsformedicare.ca/
So the rich can get access to healthcare  before the rest of us.
And therefore reduce the load on the public system.
In other words he wants the rich to have more options.
Which could pull doctors from the standard health care sector and make wait times for non rich folks longer.
The only people any private health care would benefit are the rich.
Fuck that.
In other words he wants the rich to have more options.
Which could pull doctors from the standard health care sector and make wait times for non rich folks longer.
The only people any private health care would benefit are the rich.
Fuck that.
&gt; Which could pull doctors from the standard health care sector

Wouldn't more people go to medical school to get the public healthcare jobs that would start opening up as a result?
The rich already have more options, they simply go to the US.
How about we instead offer the same private services the rich are already receiving in US, but in Canada and redirect those profits into our woefully unsustainable healthcare system.
Healthcare is rapidly approaching 50% of provincial budgets, the money has to come from somewhere.
I think Bernier taking inspiration from Sweden and France (#1 healthcare system in world) is a good idea.
Quite frankly we as Canadians will have to radically rethink healthcare delivery in our provinces because it is objectively unsustainable.
Now you may wish to push that responsibility onto future generations, but the problem will only get worse until we do something to fix it.
I'd rather vote for Bernier's People's Party, which will allow provinces to take inspiration from European healthcare systems.
Also, to your last point: Universal mixed public/private healthcare benefits everyone precisely because it provides much needed funding to the public system.
All we're doing now is losing out on that funding...
Which benefits no one.
[deleted]
Why do you say unsustainable?
It’s the most important thing for the government to spend money on and things have worked fairly well so far.
If more needs to be spent on it then so be it.
It’s not killing our country by any means.
There can be long waits for non emergencies sometimes but that’s much better than paying out the ass for every single procedure or knowing the rich get a system just for them.
I don’t give a shit if the rich decide to go to another country to get treatment.
But I don’t want the rich to get their own system here.
At all.
Any system that favours the rich can fuck right off.
Well that depends, do we have an overabundance of doctors now to the point where people aren't going to medical school because of a lack of job market?
Are you aware that Australia, The UK, All of Europe and literally every country with better healthcare than us has some form of two-tier healthcare?
Canada and Taiwan are the only 2 countries on the planet who have completely single-payer primary care.
Canadians are just too stubborn to look beyond the US's system every time the word "private" is mentioned.
Actually it would reduce burden on the public system as well which would improve it.
The UK, Australia, almost all of Europe including the leaders like Germany, NL, France, Norway, etc... all have two-tier or hybrid tier healthcare.
Canada and Taiwan are the only 2 countries on Earth that are universal single-payer in primary care.
Way to ignore the issue of the rich getting better health care than everyone else.
They already do.
The difference is right now we're doing it at the expense of everyone's potentially better care.
Pragmatism versus idealism.
Explain what you mean.
How exactly are they getting care at the expense of everyone else?
If they want to skip the line they have to go to another country.
That makes wait times here shorter if anything.
Your argument is basically “the rich already cheat the system and get better health care so let’s make it even easier for them to do that!”.
I've already explained it.
To your main point, it has more to do than just wait times, they are skipping our system entirely which means less funding.
Canada and Taiwan are the only 2 countries on earth with primary single payer care.
Other countries used to do this but adopted two or hybrid tier models back when they started to stagnate, we did not because we were focused on the US and those polls back in the 90s that used to tell us "Canada is the best country to live in!"
It's demonstrable that offering private tiers reduces burden and also increases funding and efficiencies for public healthcare as long as it does not effect availability of procedures and essential services.
In the UK it means that if you want an elective procedure like a cyst removed from your sinuses, a small portion (9% in the UK) of the country will use their private insurance to get it done in 1 month instead of 6 months.
But if you have some kind of essential care, like for something serious, the care is the same.
People who pay the private healthcare also pay for the public care.
It demonstrably increases quality of care for the public system and increases healthcare as a whole.
Canada is alone in our model and we consistently rank mediocre, but all we're focused on is the US so we ignore what everyone else is doing and any time the words private healthcare is brought up all we compare it to is the shit show below our border where essential care is covered by private users and they also do not pay for the public care.
By not wanting something that is demonstrably better for every member of the population you're saying you don't want your healthcare to go from a B- to an A- if it means a small portion of the population might have access to A (and that's only for elective and non essential services), just because of your ideals.
I’m not convinced it will be better.
Our country is very different than other countries so what works there won’t necessarily work here.
Also I’m not sure what you mean when you say that people going to other countries to get stuff done means less funding here.
That doesn’t make any sense with how the system is funded.
At the end of the day if a new system means the rich get better or faster treatment then I am completely against it.
There should be no difference at all between the poorest and richest citizens as far as health care goes.
But I do appreciate you explaining in more detail how it could potentially be better.
If we do, that would address OP's concern about doctors being pulled out of the private system.
If we don't, then private care providers would have to pay doctors higher salaries in order to attract them from the public sector, thus creating demand for more doctors.
So then the good doctors that chase or can command higher salaries are only available to the rich?
Just to elaborate on that, healthcare still runs at a profit, Doctors earn money through their practices, in the UK there are some privately owned hospitals.
When someone does a procedure through private care, they're essentially double paying in sorts, where in Canada if someone leaves to goto the US for a procudure, or even pays for their own insurance in US, the extra they're paying is going to the US when it could be doubling down here.
And just to re-iterate, the US's healthcare is completely fucked up, no one wants that, private options only work if people that use it also pay for public healthcare, if private care only covers elective procedures that you can still get done in the public system (with longer wait times) and for serious and life threatening issues the care is the same.
This sort of thing has literally been adopted by the majority of European countries, UK, Australia, even Asian countries.
Canada is basically alone in our model for primary care (what you get in a hospital)...But we already do have private healthcare for physio, dental, pharma, vision, etc...
I would also say that adopting some model like this would also make it easier to expand public care into dental and vision care.
Think a public dental care model where a filling might have a long wait time and you may only get 1 cleaning per year, but your employer might have an insurance package that gives more cleanings, a premium for wait times on filling and cosmetic options.
Another example is how physiotherapy works in Canada.
There are private practices which provide it, but it can still be done through public healthcare.
Take the time to look up how systems in countries like France work, and how beneficial it is (literally considered the best healthcare systems in the world) A two tiered system does not only benefit the rich, not by far.
Hardly, I've lived in France and public access to healthcare  there is far superior to Canada.
They do have a 20 % co-pay on everything, but it's not a 6-12 month wait list, more like a 1-2 week wait list, to see a specialist.
We already bleed doctors and nurses to the USA due to the salary differential.
A big reason why there's a shortage of GPs is because they are not well paid, compared to the cost and years required of  their education.
&gt; Our country is very different than other countries so what works there won’t necessarily work here.
Speaking as someone who's lived in Europe and spends a lot of time in Japan for work, it's really not.
We just have a bad habit of seeing everything through the prism of our big brother to the South.
The rich already travel for better healthcare.
I don't have an authoritarian bent making me want to stop them from exercising perfectly consensual and ethical transactions using the governments monopoly of force.
I saved up for lasik eye surgery.
Should a government agent have stopped me?
It was rich people that used it at first and brought it into the market to the point where I could afford it.
But not at the expense of the rest of us.
Nobody is being robbed, here.
I didn’t say the government should stop rich people from getting healthcare.
But they shouldn’t get to skip the line.
Then what's the issue with allowing private healthcare to operate, then?
Sorry, I don't understand.
If the rich want to travel outside of the country then I’m not gonna stop them.
But I don’t want Canada to create a system where the rich get treatment sooner than everyone else.
That’s basically all I’m saying.
But if the current system can be improved in a way that doesn’t favour people with higher income then that’s cool.
If we provide a system for the rich to seek faster care in our own country, that money is staying within our economy.
The money they are investing can and will be used to further fund the public sector of health care.
Honestly in your scenario, the one we currently face, the rich are getting the same care just at less convenience and without the money coming back into our system.
How does that affect you in *any way*?
Because its undustainable.
Medical costs are rising much faster than GDP.
You know we can open more medical schools right?
Especially if theres a private system to fund them.
So?
If everyone is getting better care than they do now whats the problem?
&gt;But I don’t want Canada to create a system where the rich get treatment sooner than everyone else.
If it means everyone gets better care than they do now, why not?
You're missing the point.
The entry barrier is pretty high for being a Dr.
Difficult, expensive, long completion time, etc.
Because of this I don't think we're going to see many more people go to medical school just because we added a private tier, which means it will create a shortage in the public tier.
Some places already have Dr shortages, which means a great job market for Dr's, but I don't know of any big uptick in medical school completions.
Well, now they wouldn't have to go to the US for those salaries, so, it fixes that too.
&gt; The entry barrier is pretty high for being a Dr.
Difficult, expensive, long completion time, etc.
Every year literally hundreds of students get rejected from our domestic med schools because we don't have enough spots.
&gt;Because of this I don't think we're going to see many more people go to medical school just because we added a private tier

They already do.
Many Canadian students who dont get into med school here end up going to private med schools in the Caribbean, Ireland, etc.
If you don't think there isn't a demand for more med school spots Im sorry but just don't know enough about this topic.
&gt;Some places already have Dr shortages, which means a great job market for Dr's, but I don't know of any big uptick in medical school completions.
How would there be an uptick in medical school completions when they are already full?
Also, a big reason few Dr's go to rural areas is because the public system pays the same regardless of location, so there is no financial incentive to move to a rural area of high demand.

Summary: 
If it means everyone gets better care than they do now, why not?
But I don’t want the rich to get their own system here.
To a more efficient health care system?
The rich already travel for better healthcare.
People who pay the private healthcare also pay for the public care.
The only people any private health care would benefit are the rich.
Especially if theres a private system to fund them.
So the rich can get access to healthcare  before the rest of us.
If everyone is getting better care than they do now whats the problem?
In other words he wants the rich to have more options.
He doesn't want to dismantle public healthcare.
He wants to allow people to have the choice of private or public.
The rich already have more options, they simply go to the US.
I have a different opinion.
I didn’t say the government should stop rich people from getting healthcare.
It’s not killing our country by any means.
Factually, other countries also provide two tier healthcare, and do it better than Canada.
Many other countries have two tier healthcare, and can provide better than what we’re doing now.
How exactly are they getting care at the expense of everyone else?
There are private practices which provide it, but it can still be done through public healthcare.
Any system that favours the rich can fuck right off.
If they want to skip the line they have to go to another country.
