Original Response: 
I went into urgent care with debilitating abdominal pain and dangerously low blood pressure.
I was told by the doctor that I should immediately go to the emergency room for evaluation, and that if she could, she would put me in the ICU from my BP readings alone.
I went to the ER where I was given two shots of morphine and an abdominal CT scan.
After a few hours of waiting, around midnight, the male attending physician told me that my “CT was normal,” and that I could go home since my pain levels had diminished and I was clearly “feeling better.”  I looked at him and said, “I’m pretty sure my pain diminished because you gave me morphine.
What if I go home and the pain is severe again?
How should I treat it and who should I follow up with?”  He SHRUGGED and said “I don’t think your case warrants being treated with any prescription pain medication.
There is nothing abnormal with your body.
Do you think maybe you’re just depressed?
Sometimes women who have depression feel a physical manifestation of pain.” I started sobbing.
I wasn’t being taken seriously.
I had given birth twice and the pain I was experiencing made childbirth feel like a walk in the park.
I was sent home with no follow up instructions or medication.
The morphine wore off in the early morning hours and my pain returned worse than the previous day.
I called my primary care doctor and she told me to immediately go back to the ER.
I felt dismayed at the idea of going back and being turned away again.
Luckily, a different doctor was on call and he immediately ordered an ultrasound.
They found my appendix to be inflamed and I was informed that I needed emergency surgery.
I was scared, but also relieved that I had a real diagnosis and I wasn’t just being told my pain was “in my head.” 

An hour or two went by and I get a knock on my door.
In walks in the physician from the night before.
He said “well, I guess it’s a good thing you came back to see us!
I double checked with radiology to review your CT from last night and I was told that the radiologist never interpreted your CT.
I guess I should have double checked that before sending you home last night.
Do you need a blanket or anything to make you more comfortable?”

I started sobbing again and felt this urge to punch him.
He chose to come into my room when I was alone, my husband had left to take our infant son on a walk, the nurses were all busy with other patients.
I felt like he came in to talk to me when he knew that there would be no witnesses to hear about his negligence.
He came across as sneaky and had no remorse whatsoever.
Anyways, my surgery went well with no complications and I was given adequate pain medication that I could take at home.
I’m feeling better now that I’m in recovery.
I want to file a formal complaint with the hospital.
That first doctor could have put me in a life or death situation because he didn’t believe me and was straight up negligent.
Trust your gut!
Be persistent and aggressive with your health care.
It might save your life!!
TLDR: emergency room doctor told me my abdominal pain could be due to “depression.” I was sobbing because of pain.
Another doctor believed me and ordered more tests that showed I needed surgery.
This sounds like the doctor was just a dick and should have looked at the scan more closely/ their coworker should have looked at it more closely.
It feels like you are making this a much more gender bass issue than it was, I can see that same thing happening to anyone if it was just an issue of not paying enough attention.
That said it does sound shitty of them to come in and explain themselves what no one was there.
I agree, it was most likely an oversight that could have happened to anyone, male or female.
I was mostly offended by his sexist comment about women who are depressed developing psychosomatic pain.
He didn’t say “people who are depressed,” he specifically said “women.” Maybe I’m reading into it too much, but he came across as incredibly patronizing.
I really don’t see it as gendered, at worst he was reckless and rude, but realistically he probably sees hundreds of people complaining about abdominal pains all the time and with no way to tell how bad yours were and (judging by his explanation) the fact that his coworker failed to properly do their job.
Yours could have easily seemed like just another patient over reacting to stomach pains.
Obviously it was still a huge fuck up, I just don’t think it’s got anything to do with the fact that he’s a man and you’re a woman.
&gt;Maybe I’m reading into it too much, but he came across as incredibly patronizing.
You are not reading into it too much.
There is some evidence that disparate treatment occurs when women report pain as opposed to men; obviously research is still ongoing but your experience holds up quite well as an anecdotal support for this phenomenon.
Diagnosis of appendicitis really isn't rocket science and I'm so glad you didn't experience more severe consequences.
He was clearly attempting to cover his ass with his little "chat" during your second visit.
It's possible the appendicities was subacute/occult at the time of the first CT and then obvious at the ultrasound.
&gt; his coworker failed to properly do their job.
HE failed to do his job, not some other person.
&amp;#x200B;
I completely agree.
I felt like I was being manipulated.
He also did this kind of pseudo fatherly “I’ll tuck you in” thing with the blankets on my bed as a way to try to comfort me.
I really just felt scared and angry and wanted him to go away.
I don't think you are reading too much into it.
I had a similar experience with a male doctor when I came in because I was having chest and arm pain and trouble breathing.
who said I was probably depressed and prescribed Zoloft.
He went as far to ask me 'what I had to be depressed about' as I was 'married and didn't need to work.'
I ended up in the ER with a pulmonary embolism.
Medical oversight can definitely happen to anyone, male or female, but there is an alarming amount of stories similar to yours and mine which I find incredibly worrying.
I am so glad you are okay.
I am so sorry you had to go through this.
Regarding patronising I had a doctor misdiagnose me terribly and after close to 2 years of hell he told me it was due to the weather and/or stress.
I was misdiagnosed, given meds that made me very sick, but am actually a type 1 diabetic.
Long story and am trying to recover physically, emotionally and financially.
Keep sharing your stories and there are statistics that show how women's care differs in the medical world.
We will not be silenced into a Victorian era where everything was blamed on hysteria.
How awful!
Did he ask your husbands permission to treat you?
s/ What does one's relationship status have to do with medical treatment of one's own body??
Hope you are ok now!
Thank you!!!
It was a frustrating experience but I am happy it was caught in the end and doing much better now.
For months afterwards though I made my husband come to all of my doctor appointments because I felt like I was listened to more if he was there 😞 so awful to feel that way.
Yeah he should have double checked the CT scan but his coworker was the one that was meant to look it over in the first place.
If their coworker tells them it’s all good, then they are probably gonna trust them over the patient.
I think at worst the guy was a dick.
&gt;the radiologist never interpreted your CT

Did you actually read her account?
He didn't bother to ensure that he got an interpretation of the image from a radiologist.
A radiologist is a physician who specializes in the interpretation of medical imaging such as the CT that she received.
If he noticed that a radiologist hadn't interpreted the image, THIS PHYSICIAN needed to ensure that that happened so that he could be sure of what was going on internally instead of assuming everything was fine and dandy.
Well then he should've requested an ultrasound instead of just telling her she's probably just depressed.
The doctor certainly could.
He should have waited for an official radiologist read.
As CT is pretty sensative at detecting appys.
Standard of care is having a radiologist read them but I guess this guy thought he could read it and be good.
Obviously he was wrong but I understand his thinking.
He probably trusted his imaging too much.
Hopefully he never makes that mistake again.

Summary: 
I am so sorry you had to go through this.
I am so glad you are okay.
I felt like I was being manipulated.
I don't think you are reading too much into it.
I wasn’t being taken seriously.
What if I go home and the pain is severe again?
I think at worst the guy was a dick.
Obviously he was wrong but I understand his thinking.
You are not reading into it too much.
He probably trusted his imaging too much.
who said I was probably depressed and prescribed Zoloft.
He should have waited for an official radiologist read.
I ended up in the ER with a pulmonary embolism.
