Original Response: 
[removed]
Your doors don't open from the inside without a key?
Do you live in an old medieval castle with a bunch of large iron keys on a big metal ring?
I laugh, then realized that I cannot open my appartement from the inside without a key either.
Then realized that it's the same at my parents house.
Pretty common n a lot of places in Europe that you need the key to open the door if it's locked.
Had it like that when I lived in Malta and the same in NL now.
Fucking hate, I had never seen it before I got to Malta.
In Sweden we do t have it.
This is what I'm confused about.
Why the hell would you ever want to be locked ***inside*** your house?
probably just not living in first world countries.
many developing countries door lock wouldnt be able to open from inside without key

Edit: downvote for what exactly?
&gt;Your doors don't open from the inside without a key?
Do you live in an old medieval castle with a bunch of large iron keys on a big metal ring?
anyone going outside would lock door if they don't want to disturb people inside home since they have a key inside to open the door.
op seems to have 1 key in home as he/she said "They left together and only took 1 key".
so i don't understand why he asks about medieval part and figured some developed countries must have better mechanisms that they dont need key from inside even when locked.
[deleted]
Door could have a deadlock (or deadbolt), which can’t be moved into the open position without a key.
Spring bolts are lockable while still turn to unlock from the inside.
Most secure doors have both, but some doors only have deadlocks.
Most of Europe does it that way.
wait, are you saying most of europe has lock that can be opened without key from inside?
or not?
lol.. sorry i think you are saying what i said above applies to europe too.
but i am not sure.
American doors with bolts have a mechanical lever on the inside to pull the bolt left and right.
Only on the exterior side would you need a key to operate the bolt.
All front door locks in my country are like that.
I don't want someone to break in and then have wide open doors to leave with my stuff.
I live in Europe and it's the same in all the apartments and houses I've been to and lived in.
you need the key inside to lock.
Is there a keyhole on both sides of the lock?
I'm so confused.
If the door is locked, you need a key to open it both from inside and from outside.
The only exception I can think of is when on the inside of the door there is a "special" knob to lock/unlock easily (like in public bathrooms), but it's not very common I think.
I did previously.
Now my whole world view is shook.
My house has a bunch of locks like this, you need a key from either side.
I just leave keys in to make it easier from the inside.
If someone wants to break in, one deadbolt isn't going to stop anyone.
That's true of almost any house.
Yes.
yes there is.
Yes, exactly.
Most people leave a key in the inside keyhole though.
American doors also can have just a key on the inside as well.
My house both front and rear door deadbolts require a key from either inside or outside.
It is a feature you decide on when you install the lock.
You can either choose to have key only or not.
I pulled an all nighter recently due to being off from university, passed out (almost literally) and woke up and hour later to banging.
It was my brother who had been ringing the doorbell for nearly and hour because the clip on the lock was down.
Yes.
Ah ok.. maybe not in America then 🤷🏼‍♂️.
But why would they lock it if he's home?
exactly what i meant in my first comment.
not sure why the downvotes though.
i assumed more developed countries have better way of doing it.
If they break in I'm sure they won't mind breaking the deadbolt.
If the door was closed with a key then it is also needed for the opening.
Otherwise, if the door was just shut closed it can be opened from the inside without the key.
Yes.
If you have a door that has window panes or sidelights, then you would typically have a lock that requires a key on the inside, to prevent someone from unlocking it through a busted window.
Just don't be on the inside if there's a fire...
Because you don't want random people opening your door and possibly sneaking in, especially if you plan on playing videogames with your headphones on.
So you can't bust the window next to the door and just throw the deadbolt.
Because he’s upstairs playing video games with noise cancelling headphones.
I used to have a back door that was older and had a few small windows in it.
It wasn't security glass or even double paned at all.
Because of this, it would be very easy to break the glass and reach your hand in to unlock the deadbolt.
I installed a deadbolt that used a key on both sides of the door for some added security.
 It might depend on the state and when it was built.
I'm fairly certain, granted I've only installed doors and not specifically locks, that it would be against fire code to have a door to a building require a key to exit where I am.
If you have a door that has window panes or sidelights, then you would typically have a lock that requires a key on the inside, to prevent someone from unlocking it through a busted window.
It's called having a keyhole on both sides, what do you have on the inside of your door?
More developed countries than Europe?
LoL.
Is that so weird?
In my country the normal thing is for  doors to have a keyhole on both sides of the door and you need a key to open it inside or outside.
ya thats normal for anywhere i think.
what he said at top comment was that 

&gt; Your doors don't open from the inside without a key?
Do you live in an old medieval castle with a bunch of large iron keys on a big metal ring?
anyone going outside would lock door if they dont want to disturb people inside home since they have a key inside to open the door.
op seems to have 1 key in home as he/she said "They left together and only took 1 key".
so i dont understand how he asks about medieval part lol.
I think you're in an alternate universe because never in green gables have I heard something so darn rediculouse.
Not in an apartment building where fire code applies, plus it is quite easy to bypass or pick any lock sold at the big box stores, so why risk your life?
If the door is closed but not locked you can also open it without key from the outside.
And you will need those extra five seconds to get out in case of fire.
Defeats the point about security then, no?
If you just close the door, you can open it from the inside normally with the handle, but when the door is locked you need to have a key on both sides.
At least that's how most/many doors are here in Germany.
I wouldnt lock the door though when someone is still home  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯.
I'm confused at their confusion.
Maybe she just forgot given he's not usually there.
[removed]
i didnt say that.
i said assumed developed countries may have better mechanism that may not require key from inside even when locked.
because thats the only explanation i can think of parent comment that is asking about medieval era.
Seems like a serious fire hazard.
A mechanical lever that moves the bolt left and right.
https://m.lowes.com/pd/Schlage-Aged-Bronze-Single-Cylinder-Deadbolt/3449718.
[deleted]
Yeah everyone has that but don't you have an actual lock?
Like a longer bolt that goes from the door into the wall when you close your door if you turn the key?
In America, most of our door locks look something like [this.
](https://www.directdoorhardware.com/assets/images/weslock/deadbolts/272.jpg)

The side with the key hole goes on the outside of the door, so you need a key to lock/unlock the door from the outside.
The side with the lever is inside, so you don't need your keys to leave the house in case of a fire (or in a situation like OP), but can still keep the door locked to strangers.
Honestly I never had issues with double deadbolts, you leave the key in the bolt when you are home so you can easily open and close it.
Makes sense, but all the doors I have encountered in American homes will have a lever for the interior lock side.
If someone is willing to break a window they are just as able to break a door.
Hmm yeah that's called something else here in Europe, that's the extra security you have like a second lock.
But the primary lock is keyholes on both sides.
This is really dumb, what if there's a fire?
In Sweden we have something like this http://harmonidorrar.se/images/ckeditor/handtag-insida.jpg or this http://www.t-d.se/tdimages/148228/P1060086.JPG


But generally it's either the keyhole or the other knob thing.
If it's a keyhole the key is generally stuck in it and it doesn't stop you from unlocking the door from the outside.
You generally don't need to use your door key for it.
Why?
As long as you don't leave key in on the outside it should be fine.
Yes, a dead bolt.
The bolt travels from the door and in the lock position enters the frame.
Operated from the exterior by a key and operated in the interior by a lever.
Yeah this is how my front door works.
I had a bit of a panic earlier today because I couldn’t find my keys and my husband is at work in a different city with the only other set, meaning I’m locked in.
Yeesh.
Luckily I found them after a few minutes’ frantic searching.
I don’t leave them in the door because it’s not safe; someone can open it from the outside if they know how.
Oh yeah that's something we have as extra lock.
The primary lock has keyholes on both sides.
It's usually used in places where you have windows so that you can't smash the window and turn the deadbolt on the inside.
If you leave the key in, they can just smash a window and take it and open the door.
And if you don't have the security risk of a window, why have a key required on the inside in the first place?
Yeah, this is incredibly confusing.
Why would you want that?
Doorknobs that are unlockable without a key from the inside are very common, I'm just curious why you'd willingly keep something like that?
It's much better to at least have something to lock/unlock embedded in the door that doesn't require a key in case of emergency.
In Belgium, like I said, all I've ever seen are door with a look (security locks or just regular ones) and you always need the key.
There's probably other lock systems that I haven't seen though.
I guess its cheaper to not buy another, extra knob?
Idk man, i live a "country in development", things are just like they are.
That's true, I didn't even think of that.
Makes sense to just keep what ya got if it just works :)
It not like they can just open the door.
They would still need a key from the outside.
That seems most likely.
The doors we have in Europe, or at least the part of Europe where I live can be in 2 states: Locked and unlocked.
Locked doors cannot be opened from either side.
Both sides of the door have locks (it is basically a 1 lock) which you can unlock from either side with a key and open the door.
If the door is unlocked, you can freely open it from either outside or the inside.
&amp;#x200B;

However, there are some doors that have the inner manual lock (seperate from the main lock) which does not require a key and can only be locked or unlocked from inside.
Oh okay.
I also live in Europe (Germany to be exact) and our doors can't be opened from the outside without a key even if they are unlocked.
If the door is locked you need a key to open the door from either side.
I guess we have doors like you for single rooms but not for houses and apartments.
It's a deterrent.
If it's too much of a hassle, they will move on, unless they are specificly targeting you.
I'm in the US.
I've lived in the Netherlands for 19 years and have never encountered this.
That is probably accurate.
I have lived in several states where this did not violate fire codes and was common practice by developers.
My current house locks were installed by the developer when it was built and do not violate current codes.
Is it good, is it bad?
/shrug My statement is just that these locks exist in the US.
Depends on the codes in the specific community (state/city/county).
I have lived in apartments with this lock setup.
It depends on the local codes whether it is allowed or not.
It can be, but people normally always have it's keys close.
Come to Europe.
I don't think I've seen a door that doesn't have a keyhole on both sides of the door.
How odd!
Can't imagine why.
We just have a lock you can turn from inside.

Summary: 
you need the key inside to lock.
It not like they can just open the door.
We just have a lock you can turn from inside.
If the door is locked, you need a key to open it both from inside and from outside.
Locked doors cannot be opened from either side.
Your doors don't open from the inside without a key?
Is there a keyhole on both sides of the lock?
&gt;Your doors don't open from the inside without a key?
If the door was closed with a key then it is also needed for the opening.
It's called having a keyhole on both sides, what do you have on the inside of your door?
I have lived in apartments with this lock setup.
American doors also can have just a key on the inside as well.
If the door is locked you need a key to open the door from either side.
I just leave keys in to make it easier from the inside.
All front door locks in my country are like that.
Yeah this is how my front door works.
The primary lock has keyholes on both sides.
You can either choose to have key only or not.
Most secure doors have both, but some doors only have deadlocks.
wait, are you saying most of europe has lock that can be opened without key from inside?
If the door is closed but not locked you can also open it without key from the outside.
They would still need a key from the outside.
If the door is unlocked, you can freely open it from either outside or the inside.
But the primary lock is keyholes on both sides.
You generally don't need to use your door key for it.
