Original Response: 
Christians,

Can a person born and raised in a society that has a different religion say Hindu for instance, can these people arrive to their faith the same way a Christian does and can they have similar spiritual experiences that lead them to believe that their God is the one true god?
Thanks!
&gt; Child, all the service thou hast done to Tash, I account as service done to me.
Not because he and I are one, but because we are opposites, I take to me the services which thou hast done to him.
For I and he are of such different kinds that no service which is vile can be done to me, and none which is not vile can be done to him.
Therefore if any man swear by Tash and keep his oath for the oath’s sake, it is by me that he has truly sworn, though he know it not, and it is I who reward him.
And if any man do a cruelty in my name, then, though he says the name Aslan, it is Tash whom he serves and by Tash his deed is accepted.
I don't know that God is so petty that people who earnestly seek a creator god and follow the dictates of their conscious would be entirely denied because they got His name wrong.
Where is scripture/text above taken from?
?
Chronicles of Narnia, *The Last Battle*
Ah C.S Lewis a devout Christian.
With pluralist leanings, apparently.
Saying that we can coexist with ideas?
I don't think we necessarily need to say that another religion is true to say that there are people who are genuinely worshiping god within it...
Agree.
People genuinely believe in all kinds of things that are not true.
Whether it be religion or not.
It’s very possible to me that people born and raised believing in Muhammad or Vishnu genuinely believe their god to be true, and they arrived at that truth by using personal experiences, faith and being culturally raised with that faith... 

My question is how can one actually prove that their god is real over another’s?
Considering they came to believe in their truth the same way but were just raised in different societies/cultures.
&gt; can one actually prove that their god is real over another’s?
I mean, you can try to look at things like internal consistency, but even that can get circular.
Right on!
So no one can actually prove that their god is real.
Other than quoting scripture, but who knows that the book of the Bible is actually truth, other than having faith that it is.
So quoting scripture and using versus is not actual fact and unreliable.
And the other way would be using personal experiences and faith.
Which is more personal and unreliable as a method to reaching an absolute truth.
I feel like you think you've proved something, but I'm not sure what.
No just trying to understand why people believe certain things to be true.
Or why they use special methods to get to absolute truths that are not reliable.
Most of the answers I get are: because I have faith and my personal experiences reaffirm my belief.
But one could argue that when something good happens it’s because they have faith and god is good, but when something bad happens it’s ok they have faith and it’s god will.
So it always just works.
For example: Woman- Oh thank the lord for sparing us from the hurricane, he saved our home and family and answered our prayers!
He is almighty and listens to our prayers.
Kid- But Mom I just saw on the news that 700 people died from this hurricane not far from here, why didn’t God answer their prayers?
Woman- We’ll honey thats just part of Gods plan.
He’s just in his actions and I have faith that he did that for a justified reason.
Kid- But Mom Why is killing all those kids and people and destroying their homes okay?
Woman-  I’m not sure honey just have faith that it is.
Honestly I’m very open.
Maybe one day I’ll get a really solid answer as to how one can reach such a claim and live their life by it.
Justifying their belief in prejudice amongst other things.
Almost as if believing in God or religion or the belief in faith you get a free pass on the truth card.
Because we certainly use absolute truths and not faith for almost everything else in our lives.
But this one topic widely has a wildly different approach.
Thanks!

Summary: 
So no one can actually prove that their god is real.
People genuinely believe in all kinds of things that are not true.
&gt; can one actually prove that their god is real over another’s?
Woman-  I’m not sure honey just have faith that it is.
And the other way would be using personal experiences and faith.
Whether it be religion or not.
He’s just in his actions and I have faith that he did that for a justified reason.
