Original Response: 
[deleted]
If I were in a relationship I would probably do the same thing as her tbh.
I don't think there's anything wrong with what she's doing at all.
If I want to go to a concert, I just want to go with *somebody*, I don't care if we're not that close.
It's not really unsafe, it's a fun time and a good way to build a friendship.
All things equal, Yes.
In itself, it is not a big deal.
What would need to be assessed is what happens between them at the concert, and afterwards.
That's the big deal.
The problem with this scenario is that she just put a tremendous amount of cost overhead on OP trying to figure out what is going on.
There could be utterly nothing going on, but just for OP to confirm this now, and then especially going forward, is a daunting task.
I would advise that OP threaten to breakup with her if she goes, not out of jealousy, but over the workload he will receive in trying to figure out what is going on if she does.
The exhausting cost overhead in dealing with such situations is just too high, not to mention the additional impending insults of jealousy, insecurity and immaturity for just asking innocent questions to honestly figure it out.
[deleted]
funk-, I'm not saying she shouldn't go to the concert.
All I'm questioning is going with someone she doesn't know.
First of all, this is someone I genuinely love, of course I'm going to fear for her safety.
​

As bbyronUn says, it is the not knowing that is already bothering me.
If she's thinking of inviting this stranger does that mean that the whole volunteering at the cultural center where he works is a ruse to get to know him?
Given the circumstances, I think it is a fair question to ask.
I think it is very childish to simply go with a stranger to an event when your SO can't make it.
I don't think she'll end up inviting him.
At least, that's what I want to believe anyway.
&gt; First of all, this is someone I genuinely love, of course I'm going to fear for her safety.
Oh yeah!
Definitely something to consider and be concerned about.
It's not even about trusting her, but the premise of trusting this stranger.
&gt; does that mean that the whole volunteering at the cultural center where he works is a ruse to get to know him?
Could be, but if this line of thought makes more sense, it would be that she would want to get to know him from their association when volunteering.
&gt; I think it is very childish to simply go with a stranger to an event when your SO can't make it.
Basically, I would agree.
What I am thinking is that just for you not being able to go, and whatever her resentment, that she would disproportionately shove this mystery man and situation up your ass, and then insult you by accusing you of jealousy when you told her you are uncomfortable with this uncertainty.
I mean, she should realistically understand it is an effort to figure out what is going on, who he is, etc.
Why put your SO through all that jazz?
And then this shit isn't going to end after the concert.
You are going to have questions about how it went and who this guy is.
Then, as she still volunteers with her, their interaction.
They'll be emails and text messages, and you would look like an ass for just asking about it.
&gt; As bbyronUn says, it is the not knowing that is already bothering me.
Dude, you are just getting STARTED with the uncertainty.
Most innocent questions you could honestly have with her are going to end in an argument.
All you can do is hide your stress over it, and ask her how it went.
If all is cool, ask your gf for the both of you to meet with the guy.
If she accepts, do it, and assess from there.
If she declines or gets uncomfortable with the idea, you've got more problems.
Jesus Christ, the Cost Overhead!
What?
Why does he need to figure out what's going on?
What if she just hung out with him some other time, maybe next week, by herself or ended up actually volunteering at this place some time soon?
So he'd still have to "figure out what's going on"?
You're overthinking this way too much and so is the OP...
If the OP's girlfriend is constantly immaturely replying to questions that he has to make him feel jealous or in the wrong, then sure, big cost overhead.
But one instance of her saying that he's jealous shouldn't be blown out of proportion that much.
Maybe OP can just ask her to acknowledge that she said that and to explain it, and then they hopefully won't have negative interactions like that moving forward.
No need to set an ultimatum for a breakup, that's a great way to build resentment.
Ah, I don't think it was a ruse to get to know him, but maybe ask her if you're worried about all of her motives this much.
To me, it sounds like a cool place to volunteer if she's interested in that sort of thing, and it'd be good for her to get to know other people who are also interested in it, like the guy in question.
It's not really childish, but ok - if she wants to go, then she's gonna go with somebody, like I said, and maybe he's one of the only people she knows who likes the band and is able to go.
To me, it sounds like she just wants to go to a concert lol.
I'm pretty trusting of my acquaintances and she probably is too, but if you're not trusting then that's sort of a you problem imo.
&gt; Why does he need to figure out what's going on?
What if she just hung out with him some other time

If we examine the premise of this statement above, a fair and very simple question is who is "him"?
At least, that would be nice to know.
As much as I hate whataboutisms, I have to rely on one on this occasion.
What about if the roles were reversed?
She would dump me on the spot.
If I was to spend time alone with another woman or take her to an event, my girlfriend wouldn't stand for it.
How do I know this?
I'm expected to look the other way if an attractive woman walks past us, let alone engage her in a conversation.
Not that I would engage in such behavior to begin with, though.
That's not a healthy amount of jealousy.
You're not allowed to talk to half the population?
Really?
Whoa you have issues, my dude.
I will assume you've never had a girlfriend before, because human being usually hang out with other human beings, and I can't imagine threatening your poor girlfriend every time a guy breathes in her direction.
Whoa, you are paranoid.
You don't me at all and you are making some wild assumptions, and holding statements against me I never said, claiming I would certainly do things I wouldn't do.
OP has a right to be concerned because he is dealing with an an unknown guy his gf appears to have taken interest in.
As one popular poster noted, "Sounds like your girlfriend is going on a date with this guy."
OP, or I, or anyone else, would be a fool to not consider that perspective.
"and I can't imagine threatening your poor girlfriend every time a guy breathes in her direction."
This mystery man is not breathing her direction, but OP's gf really appears to want to take him out on a date.
This other guy hasn't done anything accept mind his own business, oblivious to anything.
You're so naive if you can't see that, and that's a concern.
For your information, as for what I would do in OP's situation, and in particular for an insulting accusation of jealousy, I would let her know I was uncomfortable with this.
If she went, she'd be politely dumped.
I wouldn't give it a second more effort.
I, personally, don't deal with such childish shit at all, and I will never advise anyone should.
So, do you think she would be pleased if OP pulled the same tactic if the roles were reversed?
Would that be OK?
Consider OP's post below:

&gt; What about if the roles were reversed?
She would dump me on the spot.
If I was to spend time alone with another woman or take her to an event, my girlfriend wouldn't stand for it.
How do I know this?
I'm expected to look the other way if an attractive woman walks past us, let alone engage her in a conversation.
That's some bullshit she's pulling, and I cannot condone a double-standard.
If she does something that is prohibited to OP, he should peacefully dump her and end this headache.
Whoa, why the eff are you putting up with that?
Don't date a massive hypocrite...

Summary: 
How do I know this?
Why does he need to figure out what's going on?
You are going to have questions about how it went and who this guy is.
She would dump me on the spot.
&gt; Why does he need to figure out what's going on?
I don't think she'll end up inviting him.
What about if the roles were reversed?
So he'd still have to "figure out what's going on"?
All I'm questioning is going with someone she doesn't know.
If she accepts, do it, and assess from there.
At least, that would be nice to know.
If I were in a relationship I would probably do the same thing as her tbh.
I don't think there's anything wrong with what she's doing at all.
I wouldn't give it a second more effort.
