Original Response: 
For the love of god pls answer those texts.
Did it make u cringe.
Made me cringe once he pointed it out.
Sounds like someone's never been in a group chat.
Yeh you’re a fucking monster.
Group chats.
No but your battery level got me!
and charge your phone.
[deleted]
Why is the battery Always.
So.
Low?
No, it's a group chat(s).
Because they just don't make phones like they used to...
Right?
Sometimes I'll wake up to 200 messages that was just my sisters sending memes to each other.
We have solutions for this.
Like charging your phone!
It is charging though.
[deleted]
Why does it matter.
YES YAH FRICKIN MONSTAH.
iPhone’s let you mute group texts for a few updates now, iOS 9 or 10 maybe.
10+ unread = monster 
240+ unread = fucking monster.
Why does any of this matter.
What about 320 unread messages, 19 missed calls, and 54k unread emails?
Just hit edit and read all... please!
With  7% battery left?
To be fair he gives good dick.
*cracks knuckles*

Hold me beer.
Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong, Loch Ness
Goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience
Question: What do these things all have in common?
My deepest sympathies for you and the 21 people who agreed with you.
Is this really a thing?
I'd throw my phone in a fire.
Are you telling your beer to hold you or are you a pirate asking someone to hold your beer?
🤔.
At least they're charging it.
Only because I know I’ll never have that many texts.
Well 200 memes would be an automatic exiling in my circle but my friends can easily rack up 60+ texts in the groupthread throughout a normal day.
This is why you mute the group chat before you go to bed.
Yes.
It's an iPhone.
Legitimately did not know that was a thing.
I ain't texted a ton of people like that for more than a few years.
I'll see if I can get a screenshot from my sister's phone, her unanswered record is 30,000

edit: [here is her current count](https://imgur.com/pJbfK76) sorry for the shitty mspaint work, she decided it would be hilarious to set her background to a baby picture of me that featured my name in several places.
Because all we are is matter.
r/inclusiveor.
Yeah.
I get them at a lower volume, but I'll still occasionally get 40+ in an hour or so.
Wtf.
Why.
I wish I could tell you.
Why does anybody still message her?
She ain’t gonna fucking read it.
I have 39,000+ unread emails.
And charge your phone!
!
Literally worse than hitler.
How does email factor in to this equation?
I believe I passed the 1000 mark a long time ago.
What does that make me?
I don't have any unread texts or missed calls that i havent viewed though.
I haven’t, don’t know if I should feel sad or feel blessed.
54 k missed emails?
Rookie numbers.
I've disabled notifications for my group chats, because yeah, I love everyone in those chats, but having my phone buzz nonstop gets old FAST.
As a woman in a relationship, how many of those texts are other dudes that you just choose to ignore?
And charge your phone!
She texts way too much lmao.
i feel like it might be because she gets twitter notifs texted to her.
i had a couple friends who did this and tried to see who could get the most without checking them... it was weird.
I don’t think I’ve had that many messages in my lifetime.
Probably because she's one of those internet illiterate people and get notifications from places she's only visited once.
Probably has 20 toolbars on her browser on her computer too.
The emails are forgivable.
When i imported my email to my new phone it tallied everything as unread, so i just turned off notifications for it.
Probably just in a bunch of group chats.
Group chats + feeling special that you have so many notifications leads to that.
My sister leaves as many notifications as she can.
She's got dozens of badges for every app.
Sometimes I go as low as 3% actually.
I’m a fucking mad lad.
Excuse me what the fuck.
Or a Yorkshireman asking someone to hold his beer.
You guys are not in group chats that get spammed daily?
If I don't check my phone for half an hour I sometimes am already at 100+
Sometimes I easily get 100+ messages in half an hour.
Spammy group chats are very much a thing.
Ugh that makes me feel gross.
Those bubbles seem like they were designed to compel you to clear them ASAP.
Ghosting 100.
I have 9792 unread e-mails, fight me.
They are all real except the Loch Ness Goblin.
I'm lucky to have 2 unanswered texts never mind 245.
I struggle with serve depression, anxiety, ptsd, and isolation.
My texts are a daily reminder that I avoid a lot of human interaction and I’m sorry it’s upset so many of you too :(
It's a joke lol.
Probably group chats.
I know so many people who are in group chats with their high school friends and they never actually check them but don't want to be awkward and leave the group.
I've sent texts on 0%
I've sent texts on 0%
Minion?....
Whenever I have to handle a customer's cellphone I run into this.
877 browser tabs open.
Notifications that have literally never been cleared since they got the phone.
Whenever I have to handle a customer's cellphone I run into this.
877 browser tabs open.
Notifications that have literally never been cleared since they got the phone.
Same man.
I try to check them asap to get rid of them and even have badges off on some apps.
On the plus side, your Aunt seems quite chill.
I approve of her emoji choices.
Yeah wtf.
She has better emoji game than me.
But what does it mean?
*crying laughing*, *blushing whoa not me*,  *hey*
Could also be welcoming arms.
The whole point of emoji is that you're conveying something which can't be put into words.
It's meaningless to ask for an explanation of what it means.
And willing..
of course you can put it into words, it’s just more succinct as an emoji.
I’ve never been a user of them and I don’t understand or like them.
That's what I always thought it was.
Omg that looks big.
It feels so good.
Who wants more?
I do!
!
Or Yknow, it was a raised hand volunteering 😏😫👊🏻.
Knowing some of my family members/friends of family...they act this way to you and then go and start shit with the rest of your family over it.
I shared a comic about some guy joking about sex and this older woman who’s a friend of the family made a big deal of it with everyone.
I never wanted to add her but she made such a big deal with my family that I gave in.
It was after this little charade that I found out that I could hide most of my posts from her.
She could have that stupid sense of satisfaction of being my friend and she’d never see my personal life.
[deleted]
Well I don't understand or like you.
Right?
My religious aunt would have snapped tf out!
You make them sound so mystical.
I embrace you...
Is it not a hug?
I've always thought it was a hug.
If I had feelings that would hurt.
[removed]
I thought it was an embarrassed shrug.
**Roll Tide**
I've always thought it was someone making an invisible rainbow.
I know you cant abuse drugs or throw yourself in front of a car without someone saying something.
Like is a chaotic life stressful?
Peace is in doing good things for self and society.. what.
Laying on deathbed alone &amp; regretting sounds fun.
i thought it was like a little "yaayyy"
It wasn't designed to be a hug, but consensus by the public made it so.
I read about it once.
You're just going to have to take my word on it.
Aunt was a girl once, Aunt understands.
Shit.
I just realized I'm old and have zero 'emoji game'.
https://emojipedia.org/hugging-face/

We can use this as well.
Not bad but he looks ashamed to be making a rainbow and that's unfortunate.
Uh.. que?
xD.
&gt;The whole point of emoji is that you're conveying something which can't be put into words.
It's meaningless to ask for an explanation of what it means.
It's like, "lmfao, woops how embarassing, hi there, you know it's me right?"
Yup AIM definitely didn’t prepare me for this.
💩

What could it possibly mean?
!
😂🤗🙋.
You made this account to write this to me..?
And what are you talking about?
It’s jazz hands emoji.
No one knows what it means, but it’s provocative.
What?
::Crying::ILoveIt!
::RaisesHandsInPraiseLikeInChurch::
Its her.
I never really thought about what it was.
How the fuck do people live with not one.. not two or three.. but 245 fucking notifications?
Once you let them go it becomes not annoying or even noticeable 🤷‍♀️.
I mean I had 600 at one point because of group chats.
When your in like 10 different ones messages rack up pretty quick.
From my point of view people who read all their texts are evil!
Well then you are lost!
I got like 100 or so.
You stop noticing after a while.
Agreed, I have 1,963 Gmail notifications atm.
Don’t care.
I would never stop noticing.
I don't even have unread messages in my work "deleted" box.
I wrote a draft of an email but stopped?
Gotta go into deleted and mark it as read or delete it completely.
I'm staunchly anti-parenthesis.
Mine is like that but most is just spam that I haven’t bothered to open.
Yeah if you keep it at 0, having 10 is going to ruin your day.
Once you have 50 then 100... Meh fuck it, might as well be a million.
You can select all mail and mark it as read.
This is how I got to 15,000 unread emails.
... 

nah.
How are you meeting enough people to have that many group messages...Im not even in one group message.
I'm gonna go out on a limb and try to defend, but please know it kinda by bugs me too.
In one of the recent updates on my phone when I clear the notification the bubble on the app goes away.
Before that update I had pristine text and email inboxes.
Now I frequently have to clear 200+ emails (mostly spam but still) and  10+ texts (mostly my alarm system telling me we armed/disarmed it).
Maybe op is stuck in that loop.
She receives a notification for a text, reads it via notification, decides no response is necessary, deletes notification but neglects/forgets to delete actual text.
[removed]
Friends + group projects + coworkers resulted in a whopping 1000+ messages once in a day.
The combination of the eurovision song festival and a deadline the next Monday made for one hell of a text message ride.
I like to be sadistic and tell Gmail to select all 85,359 emails and then mark as read.
Keep the cold storage warm.
Mmmm cold storage.
Idk I like to think I’m a pretty social creature and I play a lot of sports and stuff so I got group chats from all my previous teams and I got a few for classes and school.
How old is your aunt?
I wasn't expecting a response like that lol.
41.
Hm, seems pretty reasonable.
Pics?
Dude.
That's disgusting.
What's wrong with you?
Where are your manners?
Pics, *please*?
No, he clearly said Aunt.
You save your 41 year old aunt as a contact with just her first name?
🤔.
What do you name your aunt?
“Aunt?”.
"Aunt (name)"
One aunt I have as aunt name, but that's because I grew up around family that also called her aunt name, so it's just like the same thing as her actual name.
Other aunts I have just their name as well.

Summary: 
I read about it once.
I got like 100 or so.
I have 39,000+ unread emails.
I never really thought about what it was.
No, it's a group chat(s).
That's what I always thought it was.
Well I don't understand or like you.
Other aunts I have just their name as well.
I wish I could tell you.
What do you name your aunt?
I approve of her emoji choices.
I thought it was an embarrassed shrug.
I would never stop noticing.
I have 9792 unread e-mails, fight me.
Sounds like someone's never been in a group chat.
What does that make me?
I mean I had 600 at one point because of group chats.
This is how I got to 15,000 unread emails.
I wrote a draft of an email but stopped?
Probably just in a bunch of group chats.
If I had feelings that would hurt.
Only because I know I’ll never have that many texts.
How old is your aunt?
I ain't texted a ton of people like that for more than a few years.
i feel like it might be because she gets twitter notifs texted to her.
I’ve never been a user of them and I don’t understand or like them.
I wasn't expecting a response like that lol.
Spammy group chats are very much a thing.
Sometimes I go as low as 3% actually.
I've sent texts on 0%
Group chats + feeling special that you have so many notifications leads to that.
Before that update I had pristine text and email inboxes.
Because they just don't make phones like they used to...
Agreed, I have 1,963 Gmail notifications atm.
