Original Response: 
 Anunnaki  flying ships?
It certainly looks like an airplane and a helicopter to me.
I happen to think it's something built by humans before the flood wiped out an advanced civilization, but that technology may have been given to them by the Anunnaki.
[removed]
You have quite the imagination.
This is r/conpiracy, it is ok with have an imagination.
Gotcha, so one can create a complete fantasy and believe in it without any evidence.
&gt; Gotcha, so one can create a complete fantasy and believe in it without any evidence

No.
That's what you did, creating a straw man.
Why are you so angry?
Your attitude is not consistent with someone who is here to participate, you sound much more like you just want to be disruptive.
[deleted]
No.
A strawman I didn't create, and I'm not angry.
On the contrary, you're employing ad hominem by labeling me "angry" as an incorrect assertion of my character.
I'm as calm as a Hindu Cow.
Angry?
No.
Sarcastic?
Sure.
It's a fact there are conspiracy theorists who come up with theories based on imagination whilst disregarding facts and credibility, then pawn off these musings as truth.
It runs rampant here, and I think it's irresponsible and a disservice to disseminate misinformation as if it's truth.
I'm here to discuss the facts so we can ascertain the most probable conclusion.
Using our imaginations and running wild with it only makes us stray from the shores of sanity and into the ocean of fantasy.
Do not confuse the use of imagination with critical/discerning thinking.
You did create a straw man brah, own up.
"Gotcha, so one can create a complete fantasy and believe in it without any evidence" If your pro facts and evidence then you don't need to use these tactics to prove your point.
[deleted]
It's not a tactic.
Finding the truth has nothing to with imagination and has everything to do with evidenced facts.
I'm simply pointing this out.
Nothing more.
Do you even know what a strawman is, "brah"?
Sry brosef, i see your point.
Its just sad that so many facts these days are just propogated mainstream opinions, really gotta b careful who you listen to.
Good point.
If they're opinions, they're not facts.
It really isn't all that hard following the facts.
It's just that people tend to follow their biases instead bc they're more comfortable with the world view they've constructed for themselves and facts can be inconvenient when it challenges their biased view.
I find that NPR is the most credible, reliable, and factual news source.
They have this reputation bc they're largely funded by people like you and I.
Instead of being a corporate, for profit entity playing off the biases of people in the form of "info-tainment".
&gt; A strawman I didn't create

Yes, you did.
You accused us of making things up, and being ok with that.
Instead of what we actually did, which is disagree with you.
&gt;It's a fact there are conspiracy theorists who come up with theories based on imagination whilst disregarding facts and credibility, then pawn off these musings as truth.
I suggest you talk to *those people* because I'm not one of them.
&gt;It runs rampant here

It's uncommon and usually downvoted quickly.
&gt;Using our imaginations and running wild with it only makes us stray from the shores of sanity and into the ocean of fantasy.
And you've returned to the straw man you just denied fabricating.
&gt; It certainly looks like an airplane and a helicopter to me.
I happen to think it's something built by humans before the flood wiped out an advanced civilization, but that technology may have been given to them by the Anunnaki.
All of this is pure speculation by way of your imagination.
Therefore, you made it up.
I see this all the time in this sub, and made a larger point about how this is a problem when trying to discern what is *factual*.
&gt; It's uncommon and usually downvoted quickly.
It's very common and runs rampant here and tends to get upvoted, not downvoted.
One could cite innumerable posts and comments which are purely speculation, conjecture, and imaginative.
This sub is an echo-chamber of such commentary and gets upvoted by other users who are biased just the same.
Your comment alone is a case in point.
Do you even know what a strawman is?
Or is that just a word you've seen others comment on and you're parroting it's use?

Summary: 
You have quite the imagination.
I'm simply pointing this out.
A strawman I didn't create, and I'm not angry.
That's what you did, creating a straw man.
This is r/conpiracy, it is ok with have an imagination.
You did create a straw man brah, own up.
I suggest you talk to *those people* because I'm not one of them.
Why are you so angry?
It really isn't all that hard following the facts.
