Original Response: 
I wish they would give an option to trade LI for something else.
I have no interest in legendary armor but have over 1.5k LI sitting in my bank.
even with all of the legendary armor, i'll be reaching my material storage cap soon

also, "I raid, you know" title plz anet.
that title is actually a good idea.
Spend 1k LI to get that title.
Can work as kill proof at the same time.
Make LIs turn into magnetite at a vendor, and then sell expensive titles with buffs in exchange of magnetite.
Pretty much what [Fractal God](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Fractal_God) does.
&gt;buffs

ew, no.
Some buffs like "your armor doesn't break" would be pretty nice, and not affect the fights themselves.
These will probably be used  for legendary weapons and trinkets.
And the limit is specifically to prevent people who did a lot of raids from insta-crafting all the new shinies.
Kinda "Russian Economy" move.
"You've managed to save this currency?
Ahahaha, here's _new_ currency and only small amount is convertible" :(
Somewhat flawed logic considering that you can convert as many LI as  if you would have had the new currency since w5 release.
Kinda, not really.
Say the new shiny thing would cost 500 LI.
Many of us have way more than that, so there's one timegate gone if they didn't introduce this new material.
Now if we can only have 168 LD when the new shiny thing comes out, we still have to do weekly raids to be able to progress towards the thing.
It would be quite insane for a shiny thingy to cost 500LDs.
Assuming w6 has 3 encounters and w7 isn't coming anywhere soon, this would mean that player that just started gathering LDs is going to need 63 weeks to get it.
Just for the one ring.
A whole set of armor costs 150/300 LIs, I'm pretty sure that ring won't cost more that 150 too.
Except people have been collecting LI since wing 1.
I guess we should be eternally grateful that new raid legendary insight currency variety is not added with every single wing "just because"?
And it's still time gated because true endgame content should _not_ be played more than once a week :P enjoy mechanics and a few bags of blues and greens.
Idk it's just a concept.
Numbers don't mean much.
¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯.
Nah, they do.
It is the same thing with adding rewards to all old timegated currencies, you either make these rewards cheap and old players shrug and get them instantly, or make them expensive and new players face ridiculous timegates.
If you only add rewards and don't change any other variables, yeah.
Actually I expected a new type of item with PoF, since Legendary Insights are a HoT raid thing, just like magnetite shards and gaeting crystals.
Adding one with every expansion wouldn't mean every wing.^it^would^mean^every^other^wing  
So them letting us convert that many is pretty accommodating, considering you only have to do river of souls once to get the cap of the new LI currency, even if you stopped raiding after W4.
Yeah, gonna have to do that once at least, stopped after W4 and don't like legendary armor so I wouldn't mind transferring it all to something I'll maybe like more.
difficult.
just li isnt killproof neccessarily.
even right now 1k li doesnt cover that.
spending guild hall tokens is also wrong, since thats not what they are supposed to be for.
also drops in packs of 1-5 which isnt good for the system.
best system would be a badge system.
bronce badge for 1 kill of a boss.
5 = silver, 25 = gold, 100= platinum, 1k = blood red.
ofcourse you would need to be able to ping them in chat.
basicly the same as "do 100 tarir events" achievement with a "show" function.
Terrible idea.
Kps are already bad enough.
I love that title... should come in with a faeren themed raid... or add faeren to all challenge motes (maybe make him the mote) and multiple titles attached over time.
It makes sense for pof raids to have its own currency.
In this case it’s just implemented late, but in a way where the delay has no impact on the amount of LD which in my opinion is a good way of doing it.
As for LI I have 1690, do a full clear on Mondays and then continue to raid for the rest of the week as I simply enjoy the content.
I don’t put any value into the existence of time gates, but in this case they implement the new currency nicely and that’s all there is to it.
As long as we're not doing fractal powercreeping in raids.
How is this worse than RNG-based KP which clutters inventory and doubles as decoration?
I feel you, got all the legendary armor skins and over 900 li just being useless now and the cheaper ascend armor crafting doesnt cut it.
please explain your statement that this is a bad idea?
my pro's for the system are as follows:

- no inventory clutter

- no rng kp amount per kill

- no ability to fake it

- no missuse of decoration items (actually building a gold statue is hard because noone wants to spent killproofs)

- a system that can record your killnumbers, maybe even beyond the weekly kill

- long time goals for longtime raiders like myself

i want to add that you will need a kp system.
without it only thing left is titles and achievement items.
and that are bigger gaps.
i dont want to see a lfg filled with only cm title proof groups, just because there is no other way of showing you have done the content.
Other mmos with better raid system dont have kps either.
Only thing is to show if you killed a boss or not.
You cant show if you killed it 100x or once.
This shit system in gw2 is just stupid.
Specially because they can easily be faked.
well, a badge system you would ping from your achievments cant be faked.
other mmos actually have 2 types of "kp" or experience check.
either by titles or by gear, which is the usual way.
the community judges by gearscore.
you cant judge by gearscore in gw2, since there is none.
the only thing that makes bosses safer to kill is without exception the player experience in killing them.
and everyone knows that the current kp system via li and decorations is shit, but that was not the topic of my previous question.
please tell me a reason why the idea from above is bad, with arguments that arent comparing apples with pineapples.
Becauce imo the whole kp system is terrible, bringing in tiers like this would make it even worse.
And gear check in other mmos can be acquired by sources other than the raid, so its not rly an expericence/kp check.
never for the up to date raid.
How hard is it to get into raiding?
I’ve had an account since day one but after my first year I turned really casual only playing here and there.
I plan on starting to play again and have none of the add ons but currently have 2 level 80s.
It's very easy to get into.
A buddy of mine found a raider training discord and they helped me learn the fights, get the build down and all that.
Raids are neat!
They're frightening at first but once you get the hang of them they're just like other content.
I started raiding only a few months ago (been playing since launch) by joining a guild that did training runs.
I only had one set of gear and could play one build.
If you find the right group of people to train with then it's really good fun and I now have multiple sets of gear, can play 4-5 different builds effectively and I am part of a static with the people I initially trained with.
Just got to be willing to learn about builds and encounters by watching videos.
It's more a question of how much free time you can throw at them preferably on a set schedule in your life more so than hard mechanics.
Depends on what you mean by getting into.
Killing a few bosses?
As easy as getting into a training group.
Actually being able to raid with pugs?
Close to impossible when all lfgs ask for 250 LI, at least in EU, when it would require something less than a year of training raids to get anything close to that amount.
And soon 250 LI and 250 LD (Legendary Divination), the latter of which you can get 168 of as soon as the new raid opens by converting surplus LI.
Without addons you cant even enter any raid wing though, you need HoT for W1-4 and PoF for W5+6+ upcoming ones.
There's a great series on Youtube where Mighty Teapot joins pug raids with 0 LI alt account and on a power necro before the last patch.
He managed to kill every boss and multiple CM's with groups who required 250li and either didn't ping anything, asked nicely or faked his kp.
Joining pug groups isn't hard and if you at that point know the boss and can do decent dps without dying chances are you have no trouble getting into and getting boss kills with the those groups.
Good to know!
I'm almost caught up to the HoT story, I plan on getting them as I catch up.
From what you've said in this comment and others in the thread, difficult for you.
Raids are more of an end-game thing and you've still got plenty of game-game to go.
Putting aside that you'll need the expansions, if you've been playing the base game casually you would likely need to spruce up your general combat mechanics before even trying to join a training group to learn the mechanics for any particular boss.
The time commitment is large and not very flexible as you need to get 10 people together for several hours in one sitting.
Discord servers and guilds make this a bit easier, but not easy or very easy.
I would focus on other content like story episodes, map exploration and potentially fractals for now.
You'll have plenty of very good content there that will also prepare you for raids slowly over time.
Then, the only barrier remaining will be the time commitment.
I'd only recommend jumping straight into raids in your situation if raids are the primary thing you want in an MMO.
Yeah I’m a bit rusty, I’ve been doing the story for now.
I’m 1 episode away from HoT then I’ll be purchasing that.
It’s not that I want raiding to be my primary objective, I just want to experience what the game has to offer.
I remember doing fractals until I got 3 pieces of ascended armour but honestly it’s been so long I forgot how the dungeons work.
I’d have no problem waiting until I’m caught up before I do raids, the game will definitely keep me busy until then.
Thanks 👍.
To be fair, he also lies a lot and/or links fake Li counts and kill proof in chat.
Plus he gets recognized several times as well.

Summary: 
How hard is it to get into raiding?
It's very easy to get into.
Spend 1k LI to get that title.
Actually being able to raid with pugs?
never for the up to date raid.
Depends on what you mean by getting into.
As easy as getting into a training group.
It makes sense for pof raids to have its own currency.
Only thing is to show if you killed a boss or not.
that title is actually a good idea.
just li isnt killproof neccessarily.
As long as we're not doing fractal powercreeping in raids.
Say the new shiny thing would cost 500 LI.
Other mmos with better raid system dont have kps either.
best system would be a badge system.
Can work as kill proof at the same time.
I have no interest in legendary armor but have over 1.5k LI sitting in my bank.
