Original Response: 
These past few months have been really really hard.
My life at home is really tense and stressful and I started my first year of college a few weeks ago.
I mean shit just look through my post history.
It hasn't been great (though I will say I am much much better than before for those who did look at my history)

Having sex with my boyfriend just like.. doesnt happen.
I desperately want to but I havent even been able to masturbate.
Like at all.
I try and it just doesnt work.
Im really convinced its probably a side effect of all the mental backflipping ive been going through lately.
A lot of it I think might have to do with the fact that my parents have weird sexual boundaries with me.
Theyre just fucking inconsiderate creeps honestly.
A few weeks ago they told me that Im abnormal for not wanting to talk to them about their personal sex lives and that im actively affecting their sex lives in a bad way just for like, existing basically.
My mom has also told me not to wear certain things because my dad might become attracted to me.
Shes constantly vindictive and shitty.
My dad enables this.
I looked it up and at first I was getting all these result about menopause and how women just dont get horny or anything.
But thats bullshit and I wont take that from anyone so I dug a little deeper.
Its likely depression and stress and I feel like moving out would change that completely but I cant do that just yet for financial/legal reasons.
Ill probably have to wait until may at the earliest.
Until then does anyone have any advice for coping with this?
1) stop talking to your crazy ass parents.
Mine are just as creepy and invasive but oppositely: so sex negative and just weird ass.
I became sort of hyper sexual upon getting freedom, but that shit messes with you.
Like your mother sounds like the exact kind of crazy self victimizing narcissist mine is.
She abuses you emotionally and then goes Woe is Me when you hit back or get depressed?
That’s a damaged child, not a parent 

2) decide whether your boyfriend is helping or hurting.
I would never personally date someone with your issues bc my sex needs are like water or food.
That said, you don’t owe him anything, especially if it comes at cost to your sanity.
Don’t fuck each other over by hanging onto a college relationship that may not last the year anyway.
I know that sounds condescending, but if you really love someone, you don’t mess with their happiness.
Your journey might be better done solo if you don’t meet each others’ needs emotionally and sexually.
3) talk to other girls who have gotten to this point and gotten beyond it.
My boyfriend is very understanding and has never overstepped my boundaries.
Hes not forcing me to do anything

I dont know many girls.
Im really weird so i dont have a lot of friends and the ones I do have arent really like me in that sense.
That’s good!
Just keep in mind you never know how someone might be frustrated under the surface.
Keep checking in with him and don’t take him for granted.
Sexless relationships can feel like a form of torture or abuse if you feel stuck in them for someone else.
And i added some stuff about your mom in an edit.
When i say stop talking i just mean disengage totally.
When you train cats you don’t snap at them or attack.
You just remove the stimulus that is causing them to fuck with you.
Psycho parents are the same.
When she gets crazy literally just freeze her out.
Don’t engage

And finding your community of weirdos is what the internet is for.
Yeah, I give him blow jobs and we do whatever we can when theres time for it.
Its difficult on both ends though because both of our parents dont like us having doors closed so we always have to do it in extra secret ways which makes actual sex difficult in the first place.
If i completely disengage she freak out more and I get extra punishment.
My dad usually comes in and flips at me.
This will only be solved by moving out.
It seems like your mom is the main issue, but it’s weak and selfish of your dad to put this on you.
He married her, and if he wants to stay in a toxic marriage it’s on him to manage her mood swings.
Seriously, think of her like an emotionally damaged sister you live with for now.
Focus everything you can on moving the fuck out and being independent.
It’s not that hard, or rather it’s hard as hell but easier and better for you than this shit.
I cant move out until like a year from now though.
The process of planning for it and looking ahead will give you something to focus on besides your abusive crazy parents.
Sometimes that’s the difference between rough sanity and total despair.
Thats actually really helpful.
Im gonna try to shift my perspective on that.
I feel so trapped here most of the time.
Totally!
Like focus on saving for a deposit.
Make a fucking Pinterest of room decor for when you have your own space.
Planning ahead will be your zen happy place.
Thanks for reading and letting me know what connected for you.
Thank you for helping me.
Ill admit that actually makes me kind of emotional.
Ill keep what you said in mind.

Summary: 
I feel so trapped here most of the time.
I cant move out until like a year from now though.
I try and it just doesnt work.
Psycho parents are the same.
Like focus on saving for a deposit.
I mean shit just look through my post history.
Thank you for helping me.
1) stop talking to your crazy ass parents.
When she gets crazy literally just freeze her out.
Ill keep what you said in mind.
