Original Response: 
[deleted]
Why is seeing a psychiatrist a bad thing?
A psychiatrist is a physician who specializes in psychiatry, the branch of medicine devoted to the diagnosis, prevention, study, and treatment of mental disorders.
Psychiatrists are medical doctors, unlike psychologists, and must evaluate patients to determine whether their symptoms are the result of a physical illness, a combination of physical and mental ailments, or strictly psychiatric.
Everyone knows issues of mental health are perfectly predictable and any that arise definitely implicates a person's character.
People that suffer depression, internal struggles, and contentions regarding their self-worth are all just bad.
"Heaven belongs to the strong and the hale and those whose thoughts have never strayed."
- Jesus.
[deleted]
Do you have a response that isn't the first paragraph of the Wikipedia page for [psychiatrist?
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychiatrist)
[deleted]
You don't get it?
Do you get out much?
Psychologist=Therapy

Psychiatrist=Looney Bin

Edit: Give me those salty downvotes!
I think you are painting with an incredibly broad brush if you think every person that sees a psychiatrist should be sent to a mental hospital.
There are hundreds of thousands of people who lead functional lives and also have mental disorders, I feel bad for you if you reduce people on such a base level.
Wait, every single person who has depression is bad and are condemned to hell?
You seem to be a fan of Jesus with your made-up quote and all but I'm pretty sure he would disagree with your attitude because the whole, you know, love-thy-neighbor thing.
Mental Disorder + Leading Figure in the Steady State Coup 

Enough said?
&gt; Wait, every single person who has depression are bad and are condemned to hell

Just the murderers.
And the traitors to their oath to the Constitution.
Anyway sociopaths don't typically get depressed except by exposure.
Fucking lol.
&gt; People that suffer depression, internal struggles, and contentions regarding their self-worth are all just bad.
Not bad, just weak.
If a person is seeing a doctor for multiple sclerosis you don't consider him a bad person, but you also don't consider him a candidate to be a fireman, because he's physically *weak*.
If we think there is a legitimate need for people like John Brennan to exist with the power they do, they can't be psychologically frail.
He has to give orders to have people suicided, spied on, lives destroyed, all that 'heroic' stuff our wonderful spooks do.
Probably shouldn't be a nutjob on top of being evil.
Just sayin.
So there is no evidence of said individual having a mental disorder and no evidence of a steady state coup?
Yeah, I think enough said.
Glad we cleared that up.
Anyone home up there?!?!?
The "steady state" announced themselves in the NYT op-ed.
Just so happens they have been here all along.
They just have a more benign sounding name for themselves.
Evidence enough direct from the cowards mouth.
Oh, I'm just mocking the all-too-real attitudes of the so-called "christians" who jump at any opportunity to kick the man already down, mock the needy, and revile the meek.
Anyone who actually believes that is a fucking monster.
That quote is actually an obama quote and it is teaching his followers the true path to obama heaven.
Thats why liberals are so devoted to the cause because they must not stray or the gates to obama heaven will not be opened for them.
Ironically, many of them wont make it to obama heaven as having white skin is an unredeemable sin.
[deleted]
Ok so it’s bad.
That’s your opinion.
What is the proof that he’s doing this?
What are your sources?
But that's not a Bible verse.
That was made up.
Here's one:

&gt; So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God.
I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.
&gt; "Heaven belongs to the strong and the hale and those whose thoughts have never strayed."
- Jesus

I'm not asking you to believe anything religious whatsoever.
But there is no reason to lie.
There's no evidence that Jesus said anything like that.
In fact, he said the exact opposite:

----

&gt; Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
&gt; Blessed are they who mourn, for they shall be comforted.
&gt; Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
&gt; Blessed are they who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be satisfied.
&gt; Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy.
&gt; Blessed are the pure of heart, for they shall see God.
&gt; Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called children of God.
&gt; Blessed are they who are persecuted for the sake of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.

Summary: 
&gt; Blessed are they who mourn, for they shall be comforted.
Why is seeing a psychiatrist a bad thing?
Yeah, I think enough said.
&gt; Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
&gt; Blessed are the pure of heart, for they shall see God.
&gt; Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy.
&gt; Blessed are they who are persecuted for the sake of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.
&gt; Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called children of God.
&gt; Blessed are they who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they shall be satisfied.
