Original Response: 
Over this relationship ive accumulated 2k debt due to a short period of unemployment.
So for the past month i've been playing catchup.
However I got a good job that pays 40k salary.
I occasionally by things for our apartment and maybe $50 for personal food spending when I'm not with him.
But the 2k is mostly shared expenses for us going out and what not.
He is a busser so his paycheck is really low.
I only take half our shared expenses like rent, electric, internet.
Not meals and entertainment.
He is now asking to go out with a coworker, im not invited, and spend his money, while I'm not invited, but even if I was I couldn't go because I'm poor.
Is it fair of him to ask him not to go out.
I don't think it's fair he gets to spend money on himself while I'm paying off the debt that I spent on the two of us.
I make about $2626 a month he makes around 1700.
I don't have friends so I don't go out without him usually.
So my personal spending money would be spent on me.
which I haven't done in a while because of my debt.
&amp;#x200B;

How would we make this fair with our different incomes + my debt.
&amp;#x200B;

tldr: I make more than bf, what is fair for spending money considering I am in debt because of the two of us?
Should he give me more of his spending money to help pay it off while I don't have any atm because I'm paying off the bills and don't want to accumulate more.
Don't ask him to not go out, but also make sure you split all expenses 50-50.
Quit paying for stuff when you both go out, stop going out when you can't afford it.
Say no, but make sure you don't ever cover shared expenses like rent or utilities.
Is it fair to be 50/50 when I earn more than him.
If I don't pay for him then he could hardly go out due to his low paycheck.
We each pay 1200/month for our shared expenses ie.
gas, rent, utilities.
So that leaves him with about \~400 for the month while I have around $1600.
We pretty much live like a married couple so it's not like were still in the dating/honeymoon stage.
But he's just not good at finances so he depends on me to keep track.
However I hate telling him when he can/cant go out.
makes me feel so shitty.
That's where the communication part of the relationship comes in.
You need to sit down and work out a deal that is fair for the both of you.
Whether that's you paying a little more or y'all going Dutch depends on your relationship.
He literally cannot afford y'alls shared expenses.
If he only has 400 dollars a month after your shared Bill's, he is essentially in poverty.
Perhaps a more equitable split.
Instead of 50/50 maybe 60/40 or 70/30?
That way both of you have a reasonable amount of money left over each month.
I'm not sure what is fair though.
so I'm looking for advice from reddit.
Ive just recently moved out so I'm not too strong on life lessons.
$400 extra a month after bills is better than many people.
He could pick up more hours.
Get a higher paying job.
Donate plasma.
Lots of people on a budget stay in or do free/cheap activities.
He's going out and blowing all his extra money on his own in 1-2 days after getting his paycheck, while she has to pay for both of them if they go out.
She's not asking him to pay her back for the $2k in credit card debt she incurred, she's asking him to pitch in once in a while so they can both go out and enjoy themselves.
 I'm also saving 4k so he can go to school next summer and I can pay for all the bills while he doesn't work througout the semester.
It's a 4 month boot camp 6days/week so he has no time to go out.
It's going to be tight but since I don't go out I can save more than him.
Is it fair to ask him to not go out too so we can save up?
I have about $1600/month after my bills while he has $400/month.
I usually pay for groceries.
But he wants to go out with his friends so how much play money do you think is reasonable?
Lololol.
So many red flags.
Is this a coding boot camp?
I won't even go into how unfeasible him getting a  decent job from that is.
You know he could be learning right now while he is working, since many college students also work while studying?
I've gotten a degree while working 30+ hours a week.
It's not easy but it's doable.
I would NOT pay his expenses next summer while he is wasting money left and right.
Why should you work hard for HIM when he is not willing to work hard for himself?
He blows you off to go out with coworkers when you're not even invited?
Runs through his spending money because you'll pay for entertainment expenses when he's broke?
You know, in your heart, that he would never do the same for you.
He won't even pay for a date night...you think he would support you financially so you could get a jump start on your career?
Please don't chain yourself to him by doing this.
Its a 4 month college that is very popular in my state.
I researched it an it's legit, plus I believe that school has a higher chance of getting him a job than a regular degree.
But that's just my opinion.
&amp;#x200B;

He does pay for our dates, and when I was unemployed he paid for most of our expenses and I contributed also but just by putting it on my card to pay back later.
But I also paid for him when he was unemployed so we got each others back and are committed to each other.
The only thing is I purposely give him play money because I don't want to give him nothing.
I could take all his money and be greedy to pay it off asap.
But were also in our 20's so I want to also enjoy my youth.
So I was looking to reddit for helpful advice on how to solve our finance situation, and not for judgmental comments that are no help at all.
College doesn't mean anything now that people are desperately looking for jobs.
Unless its a highclass one with specific needs.
I have a degree but I get paid the same as some people without a degree because of their experience.
Which is what the college offers.
If I thought it was a waste of time I wouldn't be encouraging him.
He also suggested to go to a regular community college where he can also work part time to help me out but I told him that I would help him cover the expenses so he could go to the one that we thought was better.
Honestly I find that taking turns being prince charming is the best way to handle this situation.
Just swapping off and paying for what you can reasonably afford takes a lot of pressure off.
As long as yall both put a little effort into your dates (making a picnic, looking out for Groupon for things, or just cooking together) it can really bring that pressure off.
Of course you can always just split 50/50 and keep it plain and simple like that if you'd like but the key thing here is that you need to communicate and find out what is best for y'all.
Also remember that what is best might change as time goes by so you need to always keep that line of communication open.
I've planned to pay off $1300 next month.
I've only been asking for $50 from each check to help me with my cc debt because I want him to have money so he can enjoy his youth.
But then I look at the numbers and get sad that I don't have anyone to spend my money on with like him.
That's the only problem.
All my money goes to me and him so I get a little salty when he uses his spare to go out with out me :/
Seriously.
This is a _terrible_ idea!
Okay I'm sorry I gave completely different advice than for what you were asking.
What I said previously was if y'all were on even terms.
The main problem here if I'm understanding it correctly is that you're on the hook for 2k that "mostly" (however loosely that term is defined) shared expenses but he isn't contributing much to paying that off.
If this really is 2k that y'all are both responsible for you need to start working out a plan for him to pay you back.
Honestly in my eyes get needs to be contributing more to paying off this debt and you shouldn't be paying for  ~80% of it on your own (again assuming that this is purely shared expenses).
I don't think there should be any reason why he couldn't go out with friends but he needs to make sure that he has paid you the amount he owes before he goes spending it on nights out.
I occasionally go out for lunch my by myself so its like $10 maybe twice a week.
Then I bought some snacks I like to eat and other small items so if I were to put an estimate maybe like $300 for 4 months.
But with our bills it only leaves him $200 spare after I take it out of his paycheck and I have $1600.
So i try to pay for most stuff now that I have a job.
But its hard balancing that with the debt I had from when I was unemployed.
So basically I'm playing catchup while rushing to save for the future ($4k) for his school.
:/
&gt; Is it fair to be 50/50 when I earn more than him.
Did you go into debt because you were covering living expenses and dating expenses for him?

Summary: 
I usually pay for groceries.
Is it fair of him to ask him not to go out.
which I haven't done in a while because of my debt.
Get a higher paying job.
I have about $1600/month after my bills while he has $400/month.
Is it fair to be 50/50 when I earn more than him.
Is it fair to ask him to not go out too so we can save up?
So i try to pay for most stuff now that I have a job.
But its hard balancing that with the debt I had from when I was unemployed.
I could take all his money and be greedy to pay it off asap.
I don't have friends so I don't go out without him usually.
But the 2k is mostly shared expenses for us going out and what not.
I'm not sure what is fair though.
However I hate telling him when he can/cant go out.
Don't ask him to not go out, but also make sure you split all expenses 50-50.
&gt; Is it fair to be 50/50 when I earn more than him.
