Original Response: 
Jokes on them, I bought a fake one two years ago and I'll never go back.
Dude same.
The thought of hauling a sappy dirty tree  in the house gives me the shivers.
I will never understand the allure of a real tree at all.
The smell of course and for some the experience of going to pick one out.
Visiting a Christmas tree farm can be a memorable tradition.
The smell ... meh I guess.
As for the tradition, I have three kids and taking them anywhere is a painful affair.
I'm sure I can find other things to do rather than dirty my whole house with needles that turn up months after Christmas :)

Plus the fake trees are more "green" since I'm not harvesting them out of the ground for decorative purposes, nor do I have to mess with the stupid lights because they are built into my tree !
I was curious about the environmental claim, so I did some quick googling.
A "real" tree has obvious advantages -- it's removing carbon while growing, and sequestering and it's 100% renewable, obviously.
Downsides are all about harvesting and disposal.
It takes energy to cut down and transport trees from the farm to your home.
The best option appears to be the "u pick" farms when you go out in the field and dad tries to use a shitty hacksaw to cut the tree himself while you all stand around and pretend to not be bored out of your skull.
Artificial trees, on the other hand, are basically plastic.
The break-even point on an artificial tree appears to be 4 - 10 years of use, depending on how you would have disposed of a real tree (burning versus composting).
That said:  Artificial trees all the way.
If I want "tree smell", I'll get a can of something.
The smell of fresh pine is worth all the needles and sap.
Any tips on making a fake tree not look like a Charlie Brown tree?
I’ve followed the instructions on a couple different trees and they never turn out right.
What is with all the gaps?!
?
This comment looks like the cup is fully empty.
I'm guessing it's a cheaper fake tree.
Wait until after Christmas and get one that was previously $300ish for like $60.
It just takes time.
I don't know how your tree works, but mine's branches are all bendable metal.
So I just sit for about 30 minutes bending the branches upwards in a natural-looking way to cover the gap between levels of branches.
Takes some time, but you can make fake trees look pretty lifelike.
I got a nice one at a thrift shop for 10 or 20 bucks.
I have a mini one from target it's pretty good.
I must have purchased a cheaper one or something.
I tried that and they did bend they just aren’t full enough if that makes sense.
I couldn’t fluff it up to my liking.
The fact that a comment like this gets downvoted to shit is part of why I think Redditors tend to be petty dipshits.
Just let someone disagree with you and get over it.
I think you may be right.
I’ll have to try that next year.
I just inherited a collection of Christmas ornaments.
I’m going to attempt to replicate a Christmas tree from my childhood.
Annoying icicle tinsel included.
Haha.
Thanks for the suggestion!
In that case I would try to just cover the gaps with some of that fluffy, cotton, fake-snow stuff and decorations.
My family has collected so many tree decorations over the years that maybe 2-5% of the actual tree is ever visible 😂.
Pay more and get a fake tree that looks more real.
They do exist.
Also do not forget the pine scented candle for ultimate Christmas tree experience.

Summary: 
I couldn’t fluff it up to my liking.
I'm guessing it's a cheaper fake tree.
The smell ... meh I guess.
I think you may be right.
Pay more and get a fake tree that looks more real.
I will never understand the allure of a real tree at all.
I just inherited a collection of Christmas ornaments.
