Original Response: 
[removed]
How bad were your spending habits exactly?
Because this is overly controlling to the point where some likely wouldn't hesitate to call it abusive.
I went on a furniture shopping binge because I was like OCD focused on improving our home.
I guess it was just a cover for other issues I was feeling inside.
In total I spent maybe $40k-50k I think.
I know it was reckless.
I'm admitting that.
&amp;#x200B;

I do feel like what he's doing is abusive though.
But I don't know what to do about it.
You casually spent $40,000 to $50,000 and think that the only person in your household making money is abusive for curbing your completely destructive habit?
$40k - $50k!
And you aren't even sure it was that much?
Your husband's behavior may be a bit much but no wonder he's freaked out.
I don't know if this is necessarily abuse, so much as an overreaction.You need to talk to him about how you can regain his trust.
How exactly does someone blow through 1000 dollars in "fun" money in a month anyways?
She *thinks* she spent 40-50k, she has a credit card for household purchases, and she has 1k every month for personal spending.
Not "necessarily abuse?"
A "bit of an overreaction?"
In what way?
I know right.
Spending that much at once would straight up BANKRUPT most middle class families.
I get that OP's husband is likely very well-off, but still.
Also $1000 a month on purely fun things is super not bad at all!
I work full-time with a good job and even I can't afford that much on purely "fun" expenses.
&amp;#x200B;

OP needs budgeting or some personal finance classes.
Also maybe volunteering for the less-fortunate.
I think you're abusive for not understanding that you get a credit card for household items AND a thousand a month for fun.
That's just gross.
Eh, I put necessarily abuse because I didn't want to make a definitive declaration on something so serious, though I strongly suspect it is not abuse.
The overreaction refers to the alert for $100 plus spending.
Things like groceries for a family of three could easily run over $100 dollars.
A simple text alert doesn't seem excessive.
I actually have every purchase made on my card send me a text alert just so I have redundant records.
It doesn't seem at all like an overreaction to me, considering the amount of money lost.
What the actual fuck?
You're lucky he hasn't divorced you!
If I had done that my husband would have put my shit on the curb, and with good reason!
[deleted]
[removed]
Wow, was the furniture gold plated or something?
Because that is a lot of money to spend, even if you were outfitting the entire house.
[removed]
[removed]

Summary: 
I know it was reckless.
But I don't know what to do about it.
&amp;#x200B;

I do feel like what he's doing is abusive though.
A "bit of an overreaction?"
How bad were your spending habits exactly?
In total I spent maybe $40k-50k I think.
