Original Response: 
Does anybody only use a pod system?
I used a mod for a few months when I first started vaping, then I got a MiPod using nic salts.
I don’t know if I will ever go back to a mod as my primary.
Is anybody else in this category?
I use my juul every day.
I refill pods.
I work I n a vape shop.
I’ve used my buddies juul several times.
I need one!
Just get a smok novo.
Juul pods are dummy expensive.
I’ve not even heard of these, are they new?
Yes.
Works in a vape shop.
Uses juul and recommends smok... 

Bro can I have your job cuz obviously you dont give a shit about any of this anymore and have givin up on life.
Edit: lol downvote sure.. also novo has been out for atleast 3 months probably longer so not exactly "new" in this industry.
I've seen multiple pods come out since then.
You're the type of person that vape shop employees hate.
Well you're the type of vape shop employee that I hate.
Edit: and also why I dont go tho shops after vaping for 6 years now.
I used to love my main shop and they loved me.
But then management changed, everybody who was worth a dam left.
And now nobody even knows what the word squonk means.
I personally can't remember the last time I was even in a vape shop where somebody was using a Mech.
It's like going to a Harley Davidson shop where the employees say their daily driver is a Prius.
&gt; everybody who was worth a dam left.
And now nobody even knows what the word squonk means.
Similar story.
The closest vape shop to my house (which isn't my favorite, but its convenient) has lost their good employees and the new ones are useless.
I went and said that I wanted a narrow bore 510 drip tip.
The two employees didn't understand how I'm going to "drip" with a narrow bore, and said the wider the better so that you don't need to pull it out to "drip".
They didn't understand that all tanks and drippers have a "drip tip".
Worthless employees.
Yepp so that juul guys opinion means absolutely nothing to me.
I dont mind that not everyone who vapes is a hobbyist but it not like little old granny that goes through 1-2 juul pods a month is responsible for keeping the lights on.
Its hobbyists that are constantly buying new juices, replacement parts, upgrades and mods.
But if your gonna jack up the price and Just be over all negligent  About the products that you carry it and the equipment that we use well have fun going out of business like so many others have.
And now little old granny buys juuls at the gas stations while we buy our stuff online.
Good move vape shop.
stop going to shops who market to teenagers then.
My shop is not a 'cloud bro' shop.
We inform our guests of every all all features of any device that leaves our doors.
just because someone doesn't vape the same way you do doesn't mean they're uninformed, unprofessional or inconsistent.
So because people use RDA's and mechs they're "cloud bro" teenagers?
Even tho you have to be 21 in my state to even purchess tobacco products?
And I would be fine if it was just a "different kind of vape shop" but they literally sell the the products they are uninformed about.
So that's not an excuse.
And considering that you work in a shop and should know about current events in the industry, you should also know that the main protagonist in this whole "marketing to teenagers" thing is the juuls that's you use and probably sell.. so your whole argument is redundant.
We don't sell to underage users.
An no, liking mechs doesn't make you a cloud bro.
Having immature employees makes your shop a 'cloud bro's shop.
Show me a shop that markets to teenagers and sells to underage kids then.... 

Because I was reading a post from a kid putting on sunglasses and buying juul pods at a gas station then bragging about it on reddit.
And I never said the employees were immature I said they were uneducated about the aspects of their job.
You're insatiable.
Goodnight bro.
If you're in Denver area DM me and come visit my shop.
I'd be happy to help you out bro.

Summary: 
Works in a vape shop.
I work I n a vape shop.
I use my juul every day.
My shop is not a 'cloud bro' shop.
I used to love my main shop and they loved me.
stop going to shops who market to teenagers then.
Well you're the type of vape shop employee that I hate.
You're the type of person that vape shop employees hate.
