Original Response: 
Went to get some milk today, milk fridges PACKED with Woolworth's brand milk.
Signs and letters all over saying they're upping the price of their milk by 30c in this trying time with all of the extra money going to farmers due to everything going on.
I get that we should be glad Woolworths is doing *something*  about it, but honestly things shouldn't have to get this bad before farmers are get a proper deal in supplying one of the biggest retailers with their home brand milk.
Why not pay them fairly year round?
How about just keeping the price of the milk as it is and sending *all* the profit to the farmers anyway?
How about just being a decent company to their suppliers instead of patting themselves on the back periodically when a crisis strikes *all while they're still profiting in the process*?
And then turning around and saying "Oh aren't we gracious to give the farmers money" when it's money that *we're paying anyway*.
I don't have any ties to farming in Australia, nor do I know any farmers personally.
But as an Australian I'm tired of farmers getting the short end of the wrong stick.
Farmers deserve way better in this country, and Woolworths shouldn't be using the conditions they're going through to parade about in their own good PR.
Always buy name brand milk.
Dairy farming is a shit job, but it's completely vital.
Cheap milk isn't worth stressed farmers who're considering moving out of dairy because there's no profit in it anymore.
Farmers get paid the same, it's all the same milk.
Unless it's a farmers owned co-op then they get more.
Looks like you're right.
I've been [bamboozled](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IIOvRO8k7uI)!
So where the feck did I hear that buying brand name milk supports dairy farmers?
I swallowed that nugget of wisdom wholesale and have repeated it many times, but I've been wrong this entire time.
I have to go home and rethink my life.
&gt;Dairy farming is a shit job, but it's completely vital.
Is it?
&amp;#x200B;
I would say so, yes.
Are you saying that we just shouldn't have dairy products at all?
Continually raping cows and stealing their babies is vital?
Countries with highest rates of dairy consumption have highest rates of osteoporosis.
Dairy products are terrible for health, environment, and ethics.
You would have heard it from some Facebook clueless sjw.
What??
Have I been bamboozled too??
😭.
Found the vegan.
If others' food choices didn't affect me I'd not comment.
We each have a responsibility to care for our environment, our own bodies, and animals with which we share Earth.
Animal products oppose those three values.
Others' consumption of animal products causes harm to environment and animals.
If we could live sustainably and cruelty-free, why wouldn't we?
if you wanted to drink cow tiddy milk, who’s gonna stop you?
the cow?
Our environment will stop us if we don't stop harming our environment (which includes animals).
&amp;#x200B;

Our extinction.
I think it's less about what will stop you and more about not constantly breeding dairy cows just so we can have tasty white sugar water.
r/wakeupsheelples.
[deleted]
I guess so!

Summary: 
Farmers get paid the same, it's all the same milk.
I would say so, yes.
Have I been bamboozled too??
Are you saying that we just shouldn't have dairy products at all?
Always buy name brand milk.
Unless it's a farmers owned co-op then they get more.
