Original Response: 
[deleted]
Victoria is almost halfway to Houston.
That's about 2 hours one way.
It'll get boring fast.
Almost two hrs each way.
You might be better off living between Victoria and Houston, maybe Rosenberg.
Then you’d be tapping into Houston for the dating scene if that’s your biggest concern.
Victoria has a great disc golf course.
I'll come visit you &lt;3 :D.
I've know people that do even worse commutes but I can't stand more than about 15 minutes.
Good luck.
You’re looking at a healthy hour possibly more from each of those places.
I commuted from Rockport to Port Lavaca (about the same distance) and it got old quick.
The best scenario for dating, like you say, is probably Portland but that going to be a healthy hour-hour &amp; fifteen depending on where in Victoria you’re going.
Best of luck.
Why wouldn’t you just get a job somewhere else instead of commuting to Victoria?
Lived in Victoria for several years.
It's much smaller than Corpus but pretty much has everything you need.
Entertainment-wise there's the usual: movies, mall, bowling, parks...and that's about it.
As for dating, the pool is small.
Small enough that many of the social circles overlap.
Doable, yes.
A friend of mine has made the commute for 20+ years from Corpus to Victoria every week day.
It’s not for everyone though.
Hope you get good gas mileage.
And you have comfortable seats...
I'm an hour away from corpus and make the drive daily... with gas currently averaging out at 2.65 right now... do the math for what you will be paying into gas.
There's about 100,000 people in the Victoria metro area, if you can't find people to date or entertain yourself, being in Corpus Christi isn't going to help.
Living in Corpus and driving almost 2 hours every day to and from Victoria sounds like a miserable idea.
Find a place in the Victoria area to live.
If you're that worried about the dating scene, take the money and time you save on the commute and spend your weekends in Corpus Christi, Houston, or San Antonio.

Summary: 
Victoria is almost halfway to Houston.
Lived in Victoria for several years.
Find a place in the Victoria area to live.
As for dating, the pool is small.
