Original Response: 
They are old white men why would they wear Gucci belts?
Jesus.
This guy Guccis.
i like the inexplicably incredulous tone of this post.
&gt; inexplicably

He explains it in the comment.
no he doesn't.
&gt;They are old white men why would they wear Gucci belts?
that doesn't explain the inexplicably incredulous tone.
what the fuck are you even trying to say here?
He is incredulous because it's ridiculous to suggest that old white men would be wearing Gucci.
That's a retarded ass take, thanks for clarifying.
Don't cry bb.
you hang around with clowns, sometimes you need to drink their tears.
lol what?
Gucci is for people who want to *appear* rich.
These guys don't need to worry about appearing rich.
I disagree 

That’s what they say but a lot of rich people like to enjoy the luxuries.
How is a Gucci belt a luxury, other then as a way to present a certain image?
Does having the name on it make it more comfortable?
Or more functional?
Gucci is a Designer brand, not a luxury company.
It’s about a look an aesthetic “art house,” and does not represent a quality material product.
You can usually get better construction and quality materials from luxury brands that are 1/4 the price of the designer brands.
Examples available upon request.
Examples?
I think people turn to brands because they are chasing quality and the brands work hard to portray that image.
If it was easier to find actually high quality then I think more people would choose it.
Please share some brands.
Levi jeans are just as well made, if not better, than Gucci or RL jeans.
Since this is /r/business, I’ll cite business attire.
Gucci, Valentino, designer brands all make mens dress shoes, they’re usually at least $1000, but most are a bit more.
They are often finished in such a way that, to get the look the designers want, often have the edges of the soles trimmed in, and flashy shoe bottoms that actually wear out a bit faster than normal.
These shoes typically last 2 years with regular wear.
Allen Edmonds are wildly considered THE mens dress shoe.
They have the highest quality leather, very serious construction, and are made in a way that they can be resoled indefinitely.
They are usually around $400 but there are often decent sales on them sometimes in the year.
These shoes can last 30 years with regular wear.
Alden also exists for mens shoes.
A SERIOUS luxury company.
Constructed more heavily, they're best known for their shell cordovan.
They cost closer to $6-800, but the shoes are indestructible.
For suiting, most designer brands are in the $2500-$4000 for just the jackets.
They’re often fitted in a particular way, they’re usually fused fabrics, and are fully finished not allowing for any tailoring.
A Brooks Brothers suit, still one of the best, are half canvas (full canvas available), are built to be tailored onto you, and around the $800 range for both jacket and trouser).
They use much of the same fabric mills as the designers, (for real suit nerds, Brooks Brothers have some you’d vastly prefer, I’m big on the Vitali Barberis Canonico fabric mill).
If Brooks Brothers is too stuffy for you, Ted Baker London is about the same price point and is pretty great quality and construction, though the fabric is fused.
Those are just a couple items under the microscope.
edit: Cleaning up my spelling and grammar.
They’re still a premium brand.
Also is there nothing higher end than Levi’s that isn’t a rip off?
Are you a fashion consultant?
Quality is just a tiny part of the equation for a clothing brand.
Style and perceived image are orders of magnitude more important.
For a simple cotton T shirt, there's always going to be a bottom barrel version that fits weird and will fall apart after a few wash cycles, but go just slightly above that quality level, and you'll find fabric that'll fit great and last for years.
Still, price varies a ton from brand to brand despite no difference in quality.
[This three pack of white Hanes T shirts](https://www.amazon.com/Hanes-Mens-3-Pack-Tagless-T-Shirt/dp/B00O8MUQY6?th=1&amp;psc=1) sells for $9 on Amazon.
[This identical three pack of white Hanes T shirts](https://www.streetwearofficial.com/collections/supreme/products/supreme-hanes-tagless-tees-white-3-pack) sells for $95.
The only difference?
A tiny red "Supreme" logo is added to the second set.
That small logo brings the price from $9 to $95.
Yes exactly, but some people want quality that’s above “good enough” and in chasing that turn to designer brands thinking thats where you’ll find it.
It’s incorrect but what’s the solution for these people aside from hiring /u/cataclyst ?
I'll happily second Allen Edmonds.
I would be hard pressed to buy anything else.
They are incredibly durable.
I have some that are 15 years old and still look new.
A little polish occasionally, a re-sole if needed (1 in that time).
They are bulletproof.
The cut is considered more American (made in Wisconsin, I think) vs. a slimmer, more pointed Italian shoe, so depending on your style preference, that might make a difference, but they kick ass.
I'm sorry but Bill Gates has tech that changes with every guest in his house.
Wealth brings on different interests.
The quality behind those fashion institutions is why they're famous.
They're not famous because show offs bought them from videos, they're famous because Louis Vuitoon make a god damn bag that will last you 100 years because they use the best leather, hardware and processes.
They're just playing the brand game because it helps generate 300 billion dollars a year in sales.
And the fit?
You won't know how good it is until you're wearing a Valentino jacket that was made for you by artisans with centuries old techniques.
Complain all you want about the people who need validation from sporting logos, but never come after the quality and comfort of high end clothing.
I'm a nerd who likes to know what makes a suit, or wallet, or shoes, or whatever, good, before he buys them.
Just like you would look at the specs of a computer.
Teach others and people will go after quality.
It's the perceived value.
Some people value well constructed durable products, some people value the aesthetics and brands image, some people value saving money.
I don't believe all people who buy designer products are buying them for the quality, it's whatever value they get out of the product.
Sure but some people do buy for the perceived quality and that’s what makes it a shame.
I generally consider myself uninteresting to most others, but maybe this is something I should pursue?
You should do something in an area you can provide value and you’ve shown you can here.
Allen Edmonds is the first result you get when you do even a cursory glance at decent quality shoes.
Brooks Brothers, while great quality, is not fashion forward in the slightest.
I’d suggest doing your own research, because these are incredible conservative picks.
He suggested Allen Edmonds and Brooks Brothers, the first checkpoint in the journey to fashion.
If you’re over 45, that might fit your needs.
I’d suggest exploring lesser-known Italian brands as they’ll be well-built like an AE, but not look like the midwestern /r/malefashionadvice mascot.
That's the point they're making no?
Construction quality vs fashion.
I’d say there’s an obvious balance everyone wants.
I say this as an owner of 8 or so pairs of AE.
I have a few Gucci loafers as well though and they are by far the most stylish and complimented.
AE, in my opinion, often lacks originality you’d expect 400 dollar shoes to cost while the Guccis are all of that.
Alden is getting closer, but Italian brands other than Gucci is the right answer.
The difference though is that people don't actually buy AEs at $400, they wait until they go on sale in the $200-$300 range, which is a reasonable price for a run of the mill full grain Goodyear welted shoe.
To paraphrase Chris Rock, there's rich, idle rich, working rich, and then there's wealthy.
[deleted]
The information is more freely available online now as seen above; in fact, the reason why Gucci and other overpriced brands thrived is because there was an information vacuum for decades so a lot of people who newly come into money chase that due to that divide.
Ordinary income people buy affordable luxuries like Gucci branded accessories.
Rich people by Gucci wardrobes.
Wow.
Fascinating, thanks for that glimpse into that world.
One thing I'll say about Gucci is that what i noticed is lot of their stuff have the word "GUCCI" printed in huge letters right across the item and to me that screams attention rather than actual quality.
Coming from China, I've seen lot of rich chinese/asian people in love with things like Gucci/Burberry and it's basically a way to show other people that they are so rich they can afford to spends thousands of USD on a Gucci purse.
But good to know there are actual high quality items without spending huge amounts of money.
Of course just 5min ago, I thought my Macy's leather dress shoe at $120 was expensive and then I hear about shoes $500-1000 and suits in the thousands of dollars....certainly very different segments of society that people live in....
I destroy Levi jeans in months...
I buy mostly 7 for All Mankind, PRPS, or artisanish japanese selvedge because of two reason: they're more durable and are substantially more comfortable.
I did the math and they came slightly over Levi's on cost per wear, but the feel so much better.
Luxury items in general (not always, but mostly) are better made.
That said, Gucci is shit quality compared to real luxury items.
&gt;Ted Baker London

In my experience their shoes, bags and belts are pretty poorly made.
My peacoat has been pretty good though.
You think Gucci or Valentino are made in different Malaysian sweat shops than Nike, Ralph Lauren, etc?
There’s no difference in quality or craftsmanship.
You really are a consumer whore, but you can’t be blamed.
Their marketing is incredible.
[deleted]
Go to a Saville Row bespoke tailor in London.
They hand make them often in the shop.
Those suits are damned fine.
Much better than off the shelf.
That’s not at all what were discussing, Gucci is not “bespoke” tailored clothing.
Their shirts are the same Pima cotton everyone else also buys from Asia, spun and woven into shirts that have a better logo on them.
Like, but don't need, these two are not selling their image.
300 billion 😂😂 ok buddy.
And they have nothing to do with the mass-produced designer labels that we're discussing here.
&gt; The quality behind those fashion institutions is why they're famous.
Bullshit.
Nobody buys Gucci for the quality, in fact designer labels are generally specifically *not* designed with long wear life in mind for the simple reason that people who concern themselves with designer labels are the same people who concern themselves with wearing the latest fashions.
What use would such people have for high quality when they won't even be wearing it that long anyway?
You have fallen for the branding trap.
Seriously, my little sister bought “Gucci Slides” for $300 and they are literally 100% injection moulded plastic that would be 2 for $10 on clearance without the name on them.
The loud branded shit is garbage.
Michael kors purse, 500 dollars, big MK on it = trash.
Michael kors purse, 15,000 dollars, no visible branding = fantastic and tasteful bag.
300 dollars is not a lot to spend on gucci anything.
Add a zero or 2 and you get to the real deal.
That stuff is for people who want to buy access.
This is the correct answer, there are true high end brands that are of high quality.
They are almost never the well known brands you think of when you think of luxury brands.
I just wanted to add a few notes.
When you say last 30 years, that's 30 years with maintenance.
The soles will wear out, it is just the nature of how much pressure your foot puts down.
However, with their warrenty, they'll fix it for you.
High end brands turn to cheapening out all the time.
Louis Vuitton is famous for their decline in quality over the years.
They USED to only use the highest end leathers that you could sink them in the ocean and they'd come out fine, but just try to do that with a new bag.
The brands diversify.
While brookbrother suits are of the high end you talk about, their shirts are made in China like the lower end brands.
You need to know what the brand does well and ignore their knick knacks and add ons.
They're literally made in italian workshops.
I've been to some - there are fashion houses that employee entire villages.
Those villages are well paid as opposed to your cheaply made clothing that is sourced from slave labor by the way.
https://www.statista.com/topics/1110/global-luxury-goods-industry/ Louis Vuitton alone is worth 41 billion dollars.
That's for all personal luxury goods not just gucci.
The way u phrased it earlier made it seam like gucci made 300 billion in annual sales.
Fashion is what they sell you - style is what you have.
To think that the world collectively thinks according to your personal narrative is arrogant and gross.
Here I am acknowledging that I believe that there are people who buy designer goods for the label while other buy for the quality of the goods and you're negating that by bullish tactics.
Also I refuse to accept this opinion from anyone who doesn't own any luxury goods.
That comes to cars, electronics, and anything else that isn't baseline.
What kind of phone do you have?
Nah, I've just made long term investments in my garments that I don't have to replace every few years.
I own 5 button ups, 3 coats, 3 pairs of jeans, and 3 pairs of shoes plus tees.
Do you know how long I've had them?
Do you know they still look great?
Do you even know what rub count is?
I wouldn't expect you to.
Gucci is worth 12 billion dollars.
Nope.
Nope.
Good chat bro.
I know nothing about you other than you are the ideal consumer.
&gt; To think that the world collectively thinks according to your personal narrative is arrogant and gross.
This doesn't even make sense as a reply.
I don't know what you think you read in my comment, but it's not what I wrote.
It's exactly why perfume and sunglasses exist under those labels.
"Bullshit.
Nobody buys Gucci for the quality, in fact designer labels are generally specifically not designed with long wear life in mind for the simple reason that people who concern themselves with designer labels are the same people who concern themselves with wearing the latest fashion."
That is literally your arrogant opinion and not a fact.
This entire conversation is opinions (and yours are no less arrogant than anyone else's).
That's what we're all here for, is to give our opinions.
Yourself included, though you may lack the self-awareness to recognize it.
I'd say go to a thrift.store and find yourself some at a discount but you probably wouldn't even know how to the difference between sweatshop polyblend and Merino wool.
Fair.
Lol.

Summary: 
Rich people by Gucci wardrobes.
Gucci is a Designer brand, not a luxury company.
Gucci is for people who want to *appear* rich.
That's for all personal luxury goods not just gucci.
Teach others and people will go after quality.
I wouldn't expect you to.
There’s no difference in quality or craftsmanship.
That's the point they're making no?
They’re still a premium brand.
I just wanted to add a few notes.
That stuff is for people who want to buy access.
You have fallen for the branding trap.
They are old white men why would they wear Gucci belts?
Quality is just a tiny part of the equation for a clothing brand.
The quality behind those fashion institutions is why they're famous.
For suiting, most designer brands are in the $2500-$4000 for just the jackets.
Sure but some people do buy for the perceived quality and that’s what makes it a shame.
Ordinary income people buy affordable luxuries like Gucci branded accessories.
Gucci is worth 12 billion dollars.
I know nothing about you other than you are the ideal consumer.
300 dollars is not a lot to spend on gucci anything.
The loud branded shit is garbage.
Fashion is what they sell you - style is what you have.
Louis Vuitton is famous for their decline in quality over the years.
&gt;They are old white men why would they wear Gucci belts?
High end brands turn to cheapening out all the time.
&gt; The quality behind those fashion institutions is why they're famous.
I disagree 

That’s what they say but a lot of rich people like to enjoy the luxuries.
