Original Response: 
How is this a conspiracy?
This is already known and factual.
It can be all 3 at the same time.
No it can’t.
That’s not how it works.
Then enlighten me, how can a conspiracy not be known and factual?
Does it then cease to be a conspiracy?
Because *that* is not how it works.
You might want to look up the definition of ['conspiracy'](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/conspiracy), bud.
The reason it isn’t a conspiracy is bc this is a known fact that slaughterhouses/animal factories do this type of thing ergo it isn’t a conspiracy because it doesn’t allude to something bad going on when it is well-known.
Nah I know what it means but thank you for wasting time and energy into trying 😘.
Stupid is as stupid does, I guess.
Stop looking in the mirror.
I’m sure someone likes you.
[deleted]
You have literally proven here that you don't know what it means.
Spoiler: it's _not_ "a secret plot" like you seem to think.
Well by definition a conspiracy is a secret plan by a group to do something.
If the activity is found out or is common knowledge then it stops being secret and gets labeled as something else depending on their action.
You can still get charged with conspiracy however as it itself is a crime.
It shows the inhumane and barbaric creation of the food chain.
Most people just stuff their faces with food and have no idea where it really comes from.
Read Upton Sinclairs book "The Jungle".
I know what goes on and I know most folks do turn a blind eye to if and crack jokes about bacon and shit.
It’s why I went vegan last year in August.
I’m just saying it isn’t a conspiracy when it’s well known what goes on in places like this.
Only the owners are trying to hide it but most people know what happens anyway.
90% of people at fast food places have no idea about the horrific conditions their food comes from.
Congrats on becoming a vegan.
It is the best thing people can do.
Thank you.
I didn’t mean to imply you no knowledge of what subject you posted about just that conspiracy has become synonymous with cover-up (which I know it means that but I mean insofar as to wantonly hide from) just that it seemed obvious to me since I know what goes on.
I realize a lot don’t know and never will which is why I share videos and links any and everywhere I can to help bring awareness to this plight.
I'm sure some farms mistreat their animals, but the video in that link is far from abuse.
But muh sad music!
Also, I am onto you with that username.
👀.
They're being raised in boxes and killed for no reason.
If you don't consider that abuse, I can't imagine what you would.
They're not being killed for no reason.
They're being killed so you can eat them.
This species exists specifically for humans to eat.
Without human intervention in their breeding process, this animal would not exist.
It's existence is quite literally because of humans, for humans.
We should release them into the wild so they can live side by side with the otters and wolves and predators.
Lol, otters?
The one thing I think many miss when talking of the moralality of keeping livestock is how they are actually an integral part of sustainable farming practices.
Intensive rotational grazing keeps soils healthy, and is the natural state for most lands.
Fertilization through composting manure is necessary for healthy productive gardens.
Proteins from meat, milk and eggs are what we are designed to thrive off of, so essential some people have huge health complications from their attempts to go vegan.
Ironically, those who eat only meat and fat have been shown to be extremely healthy.
Throughout history the largest threat mankind faced was starvation.
One of our bigger worries today is an overabundance of foods.
This is specifically due to our livestock practices.
While livestock and agricultural practices are not perfect, and there are areas of massive need of addressing, the attacks on things like eating meat are just silly.
It's easy to speak of moral actions when not starving.
I see people make the argument that if you wouldn't eat your dog you shouldn't eat beef, chicken whatever.
It's nonsense.
The vast majority, so vast we should be able to just say everyone, would eat their dog if they had to to survive.
End rant.
I agree, just seconds ago I had a user explain to me that to end animal genocide we need a larger animal genocide.
Its just like any other form of giant agriculture.
Just because a large aount of our crops are grown unsustainably doesnt mean we should abandon agriculture.
Shotgun dueling for ~~dogs~~food.
[Reminded me of The Light of the Seven from GoT](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pS-gbqbVd8c)
&gt;They're not being killed for no reason.
They're being killed so you can eat them.
Sorry,  no *good* reason.
&gt; Without human intervention in their breeding process, this animal would not exist.
It's existence is quite literally because of humans, for humans.
The fact that we bred them to be more convenient to torture and slaughter doesn't make it okay to do so.
Would you rather roam free and potentially be murdered by a wolf, or be kept in a cage until it’s your turn to be murdered?
&gt; potentially be murdered by a wolf,

There is no potentially.
Prey animals live short brutal lives in the wild.
They dont die surrounded by their loved ones and get mourned by those left behind.
The die from 3 things.
They get eaten alive.
And not quick, wolves will kill you in a way that keeps you alive for a while.
They will hamstring you then eat your soft tissues first, eyes, asshole, underbelly careful not to kill you immediately.
THis could take a day or two.
Dud if you saw this in a SAW movie you would think its unrealistic, this is happening right now.
The starve to death.
This one is incredibly common, you get old or you spend too much time not eating or unable to eat and you die.
Or thirdly, you get sick and die, that is if something doesnt eat you before you starve to death...  

&gt; or be kept in a cage until it’s your turn to be murdered?
Why not kept loved and cared for until being given a sudden painless death?
You and your babies will never have to fear being eaten alive, if you get sick you will be cared for, you will never be hungry and will get the best most high quality pasture to live on.
That sounds decent, right?
You making that argument is like me saying mono agriculture is destroying the world so we should stop eating plant products... Or we could do so in a sustainable way...
That’s nature.
They get to go about their lives and actually live until they don’t.
As opposed to being kept in a cage indoors their entire life.
Sure some farms let their animals roam in a fenced in area and care about them.
I don’t have an issue with that.
I’m talking about the slaughterhouses that keep the animals in cages until it’s their turn to die.
There’s no “love” in that.
&gt; That’s nature.
They get to go about their lives and actually live until they don’t.
You have a gland in your body that produces bile to breakdown fats.
Wouldnt that be proof its natural to eat animal products?
&gt; As opposed to being kept in a cage indoors their entire life.
I in no way support that practice.
&gt; I’m talking about the slaughterhouses that keep the animals in cages until it’s their turn to die.
There’s no “love” in that.
Agreed.
The problem with most of the logic in this thread from the vegans is basically since most meat is raised in these conditions we should abandon the idea of eating meat entirely.
Okay...
But on the flip side most grain and veggies are produced in an unsustainable way so we should abandon all plant products?
That makes no sense.
There is a middle ground.
We can responsibly and sustainably eat veggies and we can do the same for meat products.
I agree.
I’m not against eating meat products, I do it myself.
If my comments came off that way that’s my bad.
I don’t think everyone should stop eating meat, just stop supporting the companies that keep the animals in terrible conditions and limit intake.
I agree that there is a middle ground everyone should strive to achieve.
But what group of people does a broken system like this REALLY benefit.
Implying altering genetics and all this shit going on is justifiable by our “necessity” for meat is the same as saying its ok for a superior being to manipulate and torture humans because they aren’t as strong as them.
End lesson, humans are extremely selfish and value themselves to be worth more than any other species, yet have absolutely ruined our planet.
Agreed.
This is a spa vacation compared to other slaughterhouses.
Your user name says it all...
[deleted]
When a large portion of us could just eat plant-based products it would seem like the lesser of the evils.
Like even if we stopped breeding these animals into existence only to be used, abused and slaughtered there'd still be rural cattle, pigs, chickens, etc..
While breeding them is also detrimental to a ton more  [animal species](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0048969715303697?via%3Dihub), while not being good for [the human one either.
](https://www.oxfordmartin.ox.ac.uk/news/201603_Plant_based_diets)
I love cows.
If you abuse them you can taste it in the meat.
You are hilarious.
With your engaging humor and expansive vocabulary have you considered writing comedy professionally?
It is a shame to waste such gifts.

Summary: 
I’m not against eating meat products, I do it myself.
They're being killed so you can eat them.
I don’t have an issue with that.
I in no way support that practice.
They're not being killed for no reason.
How is this a conspiracy?
It is the best thing people can do.
This species exists specifically for humans to eat.
Wouldnt that be proof its natural to eat animal products?
The die from 3 things.
Also, I am onto you with that username.
It can be all 3 at the same time.
Stupid is as stupid does, I guess.
&gt;They're not being killed for no reason.
If you abuse them you can taste it in the meat.
I’m sure someone likes you.
It's existence is quite literally because of humans, for humans.
We can responsibly and sustainably eat veggies and we can do the same for meat products.
They get to go about their lives and actually live until they don’t.
