Original Response: 
It making me sad hearing these news from the workers.
The government should do something about it because it's a serious matter.
No one is forcing them to work there, it must not be that terrible because they are making a conscience choice to stay.
Unions are what pulled workers out of the misery created during the Industrial Revolution.
Lately, though, they've been attacked by people whose best interest is in limiting their power.
&amp;#x200B;

I'm pretty sure in about fifteen minutes we'll see some of them here...
No one is forcing Whole Foods to stay open.
Not sure if it's worth replying here, but ...

&amp;#x200B;

I don't think a lot of people can afford to just quit their job, unless they happen to have a better one lined up.
Bills are tight, what with car payments, and wow, is it almost the first of the month again?
Rent's coming up.
&amp;#x200B;

So yes, no one is "forcing" them to work there, except *societal and economic pressures.
*

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;So yes, no one is "forcing" them to work there, except *societal and economic pressures.
*
&gt;
Sounds to me like the free market at work.
&gt;I'm pretty sure in about fifteen minutes we'll see some of them here...

Before they roll up — some citations:

https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/jul/08/amazon-jeff-bezos-unionize-working-conditions

https://truthout.org/articles/is-amazon-the-uss-most-anti-worker-company/

http://time.com/956/how-amazon-crushed-the-union-movement/
I guess?
Not sure the point you're making.
Does having worker representation make the market any less "free"?
A working market starves people even when food is plentiful?
Really?
In all respects, what does “societal” and “economic” pressures mean?
I’m arguing the point that if you’re miserable in your $12/hr job, then get the hell out—it’s probably better for you and your employer.
It’s not a hard concept to understand.
Just that people making $12/hr might have kids at home, and there's degrees of uncertainty and risk when finding a new job.
What if the new job is more stressful or has less benefits than the old job?
What's the turnover rate like?
If this new job doesn't work, will the old job take me back?
Etc.
All these questions and pressures really hold people back from moving from job to job.
Sure some people can do it, but when a person has dependants there's a lot more "worry" that comes with it.
 They are fighting for better pay, benefits and profit sharing, according to the email.
Did any of those things change once Amazon acquired WF?
If so, that title is a little misleading.
I recommend reading the article.
&gt;I recommend reading the article.
Whoever heard of such a thing?
Did you ask a question that was easily answered by reading the article?
Then you get a bunch of upvotes from folks that also didn’t read the article.
Nothing changed except benefits to lower tier workers.
The hourly employees at the stores dont earn stock options anymore and have had an increase in their hours.
Big freaking deal.
That is a big freaking deal, how old are you?
If you are an hourly worker in a grocery store, you should probably understand that the amount of revenue and value you generate for the company is not big enough to justify these kinds of expenditures.
Its pretty straight forward.
I definitely agree with that.
I just think if your benefits downgrade from what you have been accustomed to, that is a big deal.
especially considering the giant amazon is.
If both of us were in these workers shoes it’d def be a big deal to us and our personal lives.
That’s pretty straightforward.
That's an assumption about the value drivers though.
1) Without hourly workers, the shelves aren't stocked.
No items on shleves, literally no product for shoppers to purchase.
That's a pretty *pivotal* moment in the store's service.
2) What if x% of whole food customers prefer it because of the atmosphere?
The support and service and mood of the hourly workers than  can become tantamount to a store barely making profits vs. performing well.
Hourly employees' mood and efficacy then matters a ton.
This notion that hourly inherently means less valuable is a myth.
So to is it a myth that we assign *wildly different* value to lower workers than to upper management.
More expandable, sure.
But imagine a company like a car.
Would you want to drive your car without the front door on?
What about without a windshield?
No?
Well the door and windshield are more expendable from a materials supply standpoint then the engine, despite the car still being able to run without either.
So it's easy to say they aren't as valuable as the engine or the steering wheel, but they certainly have a ton of value towards the user experience of the vehicle.
Low wage workers are the doors, windshield, tires, and fuel of companies.
The experience falls apart without them and we're being suckered by letting Executives extract as much from them as possible and keeping profits only for management.
They can show what they are worth with a union, that's why they want to unionize, and why management is against it.
What article?
Tomorrow: Amazon fired all unionized Whole Paycheck employees.
That's a good way for Amazon to get sued and lose real quick.
Unless they get a Trump judge.
Then the employees would appeal and win there.
Sorry - feeling very pessimistic at the moment.
You're completely right.
I've found turning off the news most nights helps a lot.
What the hell does that even mean?
I mean so does using heroin to fall asleep.
Doesn't mean it's a particularly great idea.
[deleted]
An anti-labor judge appointed by Trump.
Well, this little ditty made me laugh before bed.
Now where’d I put that spoon?
You know judges can't just do whatever they want, right?
Sure, there’s always appeals.
But judges do have a lot of leeway, and can break precedent if they see it as necessary.
Their rulings are only overturned by appeal, and the appellate courts may have just as many anti-labor appointees.
Assuming the Supreme Court doesn’t pick it up, which they rarely do, the case dies there.
So yes, in theory there are limitations, but in practice it’s a lot murkier.
Just a heads up, citizens don’t file charges, only district attorneys file charges.
This would be a civil matter, in which case the union would simply file a lawsuit.
I mean that he’s putting right wing knee jerks with piss poor bona fides on the bench, so there’s a decent chance they won’t know the law and if they do they’ll circumvent it to side with the company.
Is that clear enough for you?
Wouldn't be too sure about that.
Trump has been looking for a reason to stick it to Bezos.
I assure you turning off the news while possibly addictive is not bad for your health.
If you are really interested in a topic enough to do your own research and act upon it, you will notice the news are mostly a bunch of idiots.
Courts have been anti-union before.
The unions still won.
Trial courts are bound by precedent and don't get to side step.
They can be wrong.
But that's a different issue.
Should the employees sue, the have the power to forum shop.
They can sue in any place the employees worked or the corporation resides and that is a very powerful weapon.
I guarantee that if they filed it would be in a liberal jurisdiction.
Bezos: No time to beta, Deploy the Ultron Robot army!
Unfortunately not at the Whole Foods I worked at here is SC, right to work state means right to fire with little to no repercussions.
If the unions were winning, we'd have a very different labor landscape.
Right to work laws are a recent example of the scoreboard not reflecting a pro-union situation.
Good.
Force them to get haircuts and remove the face jewelry then.
You can't be fired for union organizing, so at least it'd force them to find something else to fire you for.
And even then, if they aren't *really* careful, you can sue and win.
But Trump doesn't like Bezos.
[Relevant WaPo](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/why-trump-went-after-bezos-two-billionaires-across-a-cultural-divide/2018/04/05/22bb94c2-3763-11e8-acd5-35eac230e514_story.html?utm_term=.2017fff035dd)
Necessary to distinguish between good journalism, which provides coherent, fact-based, unbaised reporting vital to our democracy, and infotainment, which seeks to occupy, addle, and distract viewers under the guise of informing them.
The former we ignore at our own peril, the latter is poison.
If an accurate rendering of the state of the events is overwhelming and disheartening, we need to act, not ignore.
Low effort comment.
Have you actually walked into a Whole Foods in the last several months?
95% of the workers aren't some hipster stereotype.
The distribution is typically not different from any other grocery store.
There are still some good reporters out there, but they aren't on the TV, and the best have a habit of being killed.
Check this dude's username and comment history.
Full-time distorter.
I generally agree.
What journalists do you follow?
Not really.
You seem to be speculating that a judge won't know the law.
I'll agree to disagree and send you on your way.
Greenwsld, talibi, palast, hightower come to mind.
But the first criteria is that they are not reporting on a major news Network.
Those shows are good for figuring out the agenda and they come with a pre formed opinion, but they are terrible for actually getting a real info, unless you get several different stories from opposing views points and try to split the difference.
Unions haven't really had to fight for a while.
Looks like it is getting bad enough that people will start supporting them.
Trump gets job at Whole Foods as cashier.
Rallies people to unionize.
Once a union, he quits and tweets it's all due to him.
I just did a horizontal analysis on whole foods for my accounting class.
Basically, they are in deep trouble without Amazon.
I doubt these employees will get much.
Care to add some details or perhaps a link or two?
What is a horizontal analysis?
Not sure what the analysis was but it was well known that Whole Foods was in big trouble and in danger of going under before the merger

"And let's not forget: Whole Foods was a mess before Amazon bought it.
Same-store sales had been declining.
It had closed a small number of stores and [was cutting costs](https://www.wsj.com/articles/whole-foods-works-to-reduce-costs-and-boost-clout-with-suppliers-1455445803) to try to help its profitability.
Activist investor Jana Partners [was breathing down its neck](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/business/wp/2017/04/12/whole-foods-has-a-big-basic-problem-it-desperately-needs-to-solve/?utm_term=.36481964550a), urging the chain to reassess everything from its labor scheduling to its procurement strategies.
Amazon does not simply have to turbo-charge Whole Foods' shift toward e-commerce.
It has to solve a number of more basic problems, and the chain's reputation as a wallet-buster is just one of them. "
[https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2018-04-03/amazon-s-whole-foods-buy-no-grocery-game-changer-yet](https://www.bloomberg.com/gadfly/articles/2018-04-03/amazon-s-whole-foods-buy-no-grocery-game-changer-yet)
I just backflip analyzed your comment, and it is doomed to fail without the help of more substance.
I *think* he means analysis of the specific industry Whole Foods is in, being upscale grocery stores that cater to health minded people

But I dunno, it's some business school lingo for sure.
Thanks for the info.
I would think if it's an analysis of a specific industry, wouldn't that be a vertical specific analysis?
A horizontal analysis compares the companies yearly balance sheet and financial statements to determine overall financial health - its not looking good.
Net sales down, cost of goods up, long term liabilities and current  liabilities up.
The only optimism whole foods has right now is the merger with amazon.
Well I just mctwisted your comment and it's totally not rad.
Other commenter covers it, to add more my analysis I did showed current and long term liabilities up dramatically since 2015.
While liabilities climbed, cost of goods went up, operations costs went up and net sales decreased by 41%.
Literally no good news for them until Amazon merger came through.
They simply cant compete with major chains like kroger's as the big players rebrand themselves as organic food providers.
It compares financial statistics of a baseline moment in time to a later reporting date to identify trends during a particular period in time.
The values at the baseline are established as 100% and the later reporting date values are set as either lower than or higher than the baseline.
It’s a fancy name for rudimentary financial analysis.


They weren't cheap enough to compete with the likes of trader Joe's.
Yet not of the quality of boutique luxury supermarket but prices are considered unaffordable to many with a large footprint, workforce and hefty management costs.
If no one bought them last year, I'd imagine they'd be shutting many stores down at this point.
If you do a diagonal analysis of these comments people think Whole Foods don't be like it is but it do.
Vertical would be a detailed review of how Whole Foods operates along its entire supply chain, perhaps looking into the sourcing of one of its fish.
Horizontal compares to competitors who are already in a similar space, doing similar things.
Say, all grocery store chains in a given region.

Summary: 
What is a horizontal analysis?
Trump gets job at Whole Foods as cashier.
I definitely agree with that.
Wouldn't be too sure about that.
I recommend reading the article.
I doubt these employees will get much.
What about without a windshield?
I just did a horizontal analysis on whole foods for my accounting class.
The only optimism whole foods has right now is the merger with amazon.
Unless they get a Trump judge.
No one is forcing Whole Foods to stay open.
If you do a diagonal analysis of these comments people think Whole Foods don't be like it is but it do.
What the hell does that even mean?
Tomorrow: Amazon fired all unionized Whole Paycheck employees.
Not sure the point you're making.
But that's a different issue.
But Trump doesn't like Bezos.
But imagine a company like a car.
Unions haven't really had to fight for a while.
Well I just mctwisted your comment and it's totally not rad.
I just think if your benefits downgrade from what you have been accustomed to, that is a big deal.
Literally no good news for them until Amazon merger came through.
What's the turnover rate like?
The distribution is typically not different from any other grocery store.
It making me sad hearing these news from the workers.
