Original Response: 
I[24f] have had a fuck buddy[31M] for about a year now.
Our sex is boring/vanilla, but good.
Last week we couldn't have PIV sex because I was recovering from a UTI.
We settled on me giving him a handjob with him hovering over me so he could cum on my tits, which has been something I've wanted to experience for a while.
So he came on my tits, and I took a finger and used that to lick up his cum.
And his *immediate* reaction was "Ew!"
The reason I licked it up was because I've seen it in porn frequently and thought it was something guys found hot?
I know he watches porn so I figured he would have seen this before?
He never complains when I give him blowjobs and swallow so I don't know what the problem is?
Edit: To everyone saying I should not copy stuff I see in porn - I typically do not, and it seems like a majority of people in the comments find what I did hot.
To everyone saying I should dump my FWB, ain't happening.
I talked with him and we had a good laugh about the whole thing.
I'll take my good sex and be content!
Please for the sake of all your future boyfriends or FWBs, don't take his behavior as the standard.
I think I speak for most of us in saying that a girl that loves licking, tasting, or swallowing our cum is as rare as a meteorite hitting a unicorn and as precious as whatever you would find in the crater after the meteor hit.
But all of us have personal hangups.
A girl could love you calling her all the dirty names in the book but one of those words turns her off, and it wasn't even the dirtiest one.
Best thing to do is just talk to him about how it makes him feel and make mental note.
Not his thing.
Its ok, you can ask him if there is anything else that is.
But just know that that particular move would have had most of us shooting another load right then and there.
:) :(
Facts.
You are what we call in the trade 'a keeper'.
Hot fire right here.
I feel like the majority of the girls I know are very down to lick/taste/swallow their guy’s cum.
But as everyone else has said, clear this with your partner first.
It might be awkward at first but usually that conversation turns into a lot of fun.
&gt; a girl that loves licking, tasting, or swallowing our cum is as rare as a meteorite hitting a unicorn and as precious as whatever you would find in the crater after the meteor hit.
Stop making me miss my ex please :(
I already want to keep her, and this is all I know about her.
That's a very loaded answer.
good points, but can we stop with the unicorn / pedestal BS.
it's really not that rare.
Hahahaha.
Unicorns are expensive!!
About an expected billion dollar each!
!
Are you saying you want to keep OP or keep the person who’s comment you replied to?
At the end it says “...that move would have most of shooting another load right then and there.” Pretty sure this is a man.
/s.
Still eating cum so I don't think it matters too much.
r/suddenlygay.
I absolutely 100% agree with you.
It isn't that rare.
Forget the ex, and have fun unicorn hunting!
(like I said, they aren't as rare as people make you think)
Wrong.
This sub only represents a minority of men and most who come here are on the extreme side of kinky.
Licking cum wouldnt do ANYTHING for me, and I'd wager most who visit this sub are  totally into eating their own.
But outside of this sub irl, the world looks a lot more different so don't generalize men according to your kinks.
P.s.
Just doing stuff because you saw it in porn without you even wanting it, is bad.
Depending on what kind of porn you watch it can even be dangerous.
Almost every girl I have ever been with has been willing to swallow my cum.
At least 30 of them.
I'm not sure I agree about the rarity comment, but everything else is spot on.
Thanks haha, I’ve got a couple dates lined up.
Let’s hope for the best.
yeah this guy shes with is a chump lol.
ruining it.
&gt; It isn't that rare.
It isnt... Until your with someone that doesn't.
Every man that I've been with loves that move so don't take this guy's  word as the gospel.
Not everyone has the same preferences and this guy sounds a little immature.
If someone says 'Ew' while we are in bed I would not go to bed with them anymore.
He should have let you know it wasn't for him kindly after the sex was finished.
Swallow is one thing, and is very common.
A sexy cleanup tasting show after cumming on her body seems to be an entirely different thing.
Keeper of the sperm.
Sadly, even if the sex is amazing, the person themselves might not be a keeper.
The girl I lost my virginity to is a freak in the sheets, but she is not marriage material for me.
true.
when you get girls REALLY hot, they do all kinds of freaky stuff... with a big smile on their faces.
and i truly love them for this.
true.
when you get girls REALLY hot, they do all kinds of freaky stuff... with a big smile on their faces.
and i truly love them for this.
But is it made of diamonds?
&amp;#x200B;
You are right.
I've done my wife a few times so well, that in the middle of it I've said stuff like, "I think we should get a girlfriend" or "we should have a threesome" and she's agreed.
Afterwards, she's even said that if sex is done right, her and likely most women would agree to most things they would consider "outside" of their normal comfort zone.
It's usually made of some really good devs and some sociopaths at the top.
That first bit was poetry.
1.
Listen to this guy.
2.
Don’t not listen to this guy.
Follow those simple rules and you’ll be golden.
Wow.
That was so bad you should be punished...
*At least 30 of them*

&amp;#x200B;
In your basement ?
You're definitely in the minority on this one.
You sound very boring in bed.
Doing stuff you see in porn is a great way to keep sex lives active and different.
You wouldn't want the same meal every time you eat.
A pony made of diamonds, maybe name it Butt Stallion?
Nope, I'm most definitely not.
And I haven't met a single one saying he would do this kinky stuff like you guys are posting here.
As I said, this sub is just crowded with such people because they can live their fantasies here.
But seeing how you resort to insult my sexual life because you are too immature to acknowledge a differing opinion goes to show, what kind of people gather here.
And seeing how much of an echo chamber this sub is, I don't have any doubt you're solely here to revel in the validation you so desperately seek from others.
Enjoy your pathetic downvotes cuz I don't give a fuck.
&gt;Nope, I'm most definitely not.
And I haven't met a single one saying he would do this kinky stuff like you guys are posting here.
As I said, this sub is just crowded with such people because they can live their fantasies here.
&gt;But seeing how you resort to insult my sexual life because you are too immature to acknowledge a differing opinion goes to show, what kind of people gather here.
&gt;
&gt;And seeing how much of an echo chamber this sub is, I don't have any doubt you're solely here to revel in the validation you so desperately seek from others.
Enjoy your pathetic downvotes cuz I don't give a fuck.
This whole thing seems ironic as shit, considering it comes across like you're:

1- refusing to acknowledge the widespread existence of preferences different than yours

2- assuming what everyone else is like, or should be like

3- low-key sex shaming others for having preferences different than your own.
Had you ever considered that perhaps the reason this act appears in porn so often, is because *a lot* of guys are actually into this?
Nice try baiting me with sex shaming, when in fact YOU guys were the first accusing me because I don't agree according to real life experiences I made in contrast to fantasy porn stuff that gets thrown around here.
Porn is no real sex I should explain to you, but I don't bother.
You already chose to have deaf ears.
Good luck finding someone according to your porn fantasies irl, because you are clearly the minority outside of this kinky sub.
And it's hilarious how you deny this fact in the first place and now you try to turn the tables...lol.
Goes to show how you guys run out of arguments.
You should watch less porn, lol.
Butt Stallion says hello.
Thank you.
Why would he make us feel like this.
Same, your fuck boy sounds like a vanilla dip-shit.
^^^^
&gt;I'd wager most who visit this sub are totally into eating their own.
&gt;But seeing how you resort to insult my sexual life because you are too immature to acknowledge a differing opinion goes to show, what kind of people gather here.
Might want to check the replay and heed your own advise.
You insulted the entire sub on your first comment because of a differing opinion only to throw a tantrum when it got thrown back at you.
Have a great day bad lay!
Amazing how you all try to suddenly demonize the only one not sharing into this hivemind of yours.
Don't like what I'm saying?
Don't share my extreme fetish?
"You're insulting the entire sub and you're probably having the worst sex life ever"

Thats exactly what you guys are throwing at me.
So who's throwing the tantrum here, huh?
You all should learn to respect others first, before posting in the internet.
Cause you sure as fuck look like butthurt teenagers who didn't get what they want.
&gt;So who's throwing the tantrum here, huh?
Still you.
Go re-read your first comment and then your last 2 sentences of this one.
It can give you some insight on why you think that you're being "demonized".
Hint: It has nothing to do with your differing opinion.
False.
You are the one.
I won't be baited by your low effort troll attempts though.
So, bad try I guess.
Also it's kinda pathetic to see this: random strangers like yourself literally getting butthurt enough to invest so much time and effort into downvoting and writing insults and accusing others.
And in the end it doesn't accomplish anything for you, except looking like an ignorant.
But I'll let you to it, I have more important things to do than replying to sexually ignorant and narrow sighted trolls like you.
**ENJOY THE BLOCK AND GOOD RIDDANCE.
**
Some people just want to see the world burn.
[deleted]
&gt; a freak in the sheets

-is usually a more widespread freak.
&gt; widespread

-pun not even intended.
&gt;Nice try baiting me with sex shaming, when in fact YOU guys were the first accusing me because I don't agree according to real life experiences

"YOU guys?"
Uh, that was my first post on this thread.
I didn't do anything.
And it sounds like you're saying they're guilty of sex-shaming, because they accused you of sex shaming?
I'm not sure that makes sense, unless I'm misreading this-- not entirely clear.
&gt;Porn is no real sex I should explain to you, but I don't bother.
Ah yes, so of course *everything* in porn is a fantasy, and is uncommon in real life, right?
Penises are more rare than diamonds, and vaginas don't become moist-- it's all special effects.
People don't do anal or BJ's either, right?
Like regular movies are fake, so gunfights and car chases never happen.
Or maybe, movies are just *exaggerated* versions of reality much of the time.
Yes, some acts common in porn are not as common in real life.
But some are.
It's not *all* fake and exaggerated 

&gt;Good luck finding someone according to your porn fantasies irl, because you are clearly the minority outside of this kinky sub.
Thanks for the luck.
Been doing pretty good so far, tho.
I've been sexually active for almost 25 years.
Never been particularly promiscuous, and I've had way more relationships than one night stands...
But my numbers are in the double digits, and I've never encountered a partner who wouldn't swallow.
I've met a few of those people, and talked to them-- they certainly exist.
But I haven't encountered very many.
In high school and middle School, maybe, when girls were all "put a dick in my mouth?
Ew, no way..." But AFAIK many of those same girls changed their tune later, after gaining more experience.
So yeah, I've had no problems in that department.
And I'm not particularly kinky, and most of my partners haven't been, either.
I've known lots of very "vanilla" people who are into that particular act.
And I find it a little hilarious that you consider that "kinky."
Also, people use porn for sexual ideas all the time.
Now, it would be stupid to expect sex to be just like porn.
But that doesn't mean some people won't try stuff that they see and find to be a turn on.
Also, porn has exploded in popularity over the last decade.
There are far more women (and couples) watching porn than ever.
So if some women are enjoying porn, and think it's hot, why wouldn't some of them want to try some of the stuff they see?
Or do you assume only *men* can be influenced by porn?
Want to at little sexism into the mix?
-----

Either way...
Swallowing has been popular long before porn was mainstream.
Even with contraception, it's not entirely "safe" to ejaculate during PIV sex.
Lots of women aren't into anal (tho again, more are open to the idea than ever before).
This is -one- of the reasons for it's popularity.
And have you not considered, that sometimes porn itself can influence what people do in the bedroom?
Especially now that more women and couples are getting into it.
So yeah, due to the influence of porn, that particular act may be more popular than it once was.
But I assure you-- this is one case where porn somewhat reflects reality.
Maybe less extreme, but it's a thing that people do.
Lots of them.
&gt;Goes to show how you guys run out of arguments.
You should watch less porn, lol.
That's ironic, considering your best argument was "that's not true" and "u must be very kinky because ur on a sex sub."
Well, you're here too.
So if you're not some extra-kinky undie-sniffing dominatrix or whatever, consider the fact that maybe most of us aren't either...
I didn't even read your dribble after seeing you're riding the same bullshit sex shame train like the others.
I am honestly flattered though that you go through all this just to copy the same nonsense as the other poster and to spam my inbox.
Congrats.
Now go lick your own cum or whatever you do.
Because I assure you, what you see in porn is NOT the norm.
Maybe you are one the mighty kinky ones, then you're in the right sub it seems.
But YOU ARE NOT THE MAJORITY.
You all should get off your high horse and acknowledge there is a world outside this sub that doesn't go full 50 shades of Gray like you all imagine.
And no, I don't know any man who likes to eat his own sperm nor enjoys anal.
But according to this sub everyone does?
Ha, that's rich.
But enough of that, I am certain common sense falls on deaf ears in this thread.
You already created your own little fantasy hivemind so I won't bother replying anymore.
I don't wanna see you spam my inbox ever again either, so **ENJOY THE BLOCK.
**
I must suck at sex then...definitely have never experienced anything like that.
No, I want to keep her... happy.
think of the "hot scene" in a movie like 9-1/2 weeks where the guy just 'takes' her in the hallway etc.
it's primal, there's tension, and both lovers are out of control with passion.
well, women crave that level of intensity about 75% of the time, imo.
lead.
'take' what you want.
'use' her for your pleasure.
just stfu and confidently go for what you want.
she will feed off your energy.
Blah blah blah, are you still talking?
Maybe you would be less ignorant and make more sense if you learned to take the time to actually listen to what people are saying to you, rather than sticking your fingers in your ears and saying "lalala I can't hear you," until it's your turn to talk.
No wonder you think you've never met any of these men-- you probably ignored what they had to say, and tried to talk over them anyway, just like you're doing here.
Good luck on living with your unfortunate combination of ignorance and obstinance.
Anyway, tell the husband and your sisterwives I said hello, when they get back from temple.

Summary: 
Don't like what I'm saying?
I already want to keep her, and this is all I know about her.
But according to this sub everyone does?
I absolutely 100% agree with you.
Porn is no real sex I should explain to you, but I don't bother.
But I haven't encountered very many.
So, bad try I guess.
No, I want to keep her... happy.
(like I said, they aren't as rare as people make you think)
You should watch less porn, lol.
I know he watches porn so I figured he would have seen this before?
Swallow is one thing, and is very common.
Now, it would be stupid to expect sex to be just like porn.
I talked with him and we had a good laugh about the whole thing.
&gt;Porn is no real sex I should explain to you, but I don't bother.
And I find it a little hilarious that you consider that "kinky."
You're definitely in the minority on this one.
Because I assure you, what you see in porn is NOT the norm.
But is it made of diamonds?
As I said, this sub is just crowded with such people because they can live their fantasies here.
Still eating cum so I don't think it matters too much.
Maybe less extreme, but it's a thing that people do.
Why would he make us feel like this.
And no, I don't know any man who likes to eat his own sperm nor enjoys anal.
it's really not that rare.
People don't do anal or BJ's either, right?
Enjoy your pathetic downvotes cuz I don't give a fuck.
And have you not considered, that sometimes porn itself can influence what people do in the bedroom?
I feel like the majority of the girls I know are very down to lick/taste/swallow their guy’s cum.
Our sex is boring/vanilla, but good.
And I haven't met a single one saying he would do this kinky stuff like you guys are posting here.
Don’t not listen to this guy.
Also, people use porn for sexual ideas all the time.
Almost every girl I have ever been with has been willing to swallow my cum.
So if some women are enjoying porn, and think it's hot, why wouldn't some of them want to try some of the stuff they see?
