Original Response: 
I know these types of threads are common, but this is draft is looking like it'll be the best one since 2003.
Extremely good top end talent and very good depth.
Here's my list:



1) McDavid

2) Eichel

3) Barzal

4) Provorov

5) Werenski

6) Marner

7) Boeser

8) Aho

9) Rantanen

10) Chabot

11) Hanifin

12) DeBrusk

13) Connor

14) Konecny

15) Strome

16) Beauvillier

17) Dermott

18) Meier

19) Carlo

20) Cirelli



I'm not sure I even agree with my own list.
It's honestly really hard having to choose between some players.
You know a draft was fucking ridiculous when the consensus is that a guy like Marner moves back 3-4 spots.
Homer bias, but it's pretty fucking deep when a guy like chabot (top 2 upside) is #10... Yeah.
[deleted]
No... Top2 (top pairing) d...
I agree, and when you have Connor, who scored over 30 goals his rookie year not in the top 10 (which I agree with)
[deleted]
... yes?
That's typically what you look for when you're drafting.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I don't think he means just any dman playing on any top pair, but rather a "true" top pair guy that would play on the top pairing of almost all D corps.
I'd  say someone about as good as Cam Fowler would be my baseline.
Someone that plays significant minutes in all situations effectively but isn't considered by most to be one of the best of the best.
That being said, there aren't that many players like that in each draft and they usually go top 10.
Is Cam Fowler a Top 2 dman?
Feel like he's more top 4.
And the Oilers traded a mid-1st round pick in this draft for a guy who was sliding down the farm club's depth chart.
I disagree with it.
What has Chabot or Hanifin done to prove more valuable than Connor heading into the 2018-19 season?
Be top 4 defensemen at a very young age?
[deleted]
I think a top pair defensemen is a top 30~ defensemen in the NHL and a number 1 is a top 10~ defensemen.
It sounds silly, but I don't consider most defensemen that happen to play top pairing minutes are actually top pairing quality.
So it's not that the 10OA pick is just a potential top 60 and more that the 10OA (in this scenario) is a potential top 25 defensemen and that there are 9 players in this draft alone that are all considered better.

Summary: 
No... Top2 (top pairing) d...
Feel like he's more top 4.
Be top 4 defensemen at a very young age?
Is Cam Fowler a Top 2 dman?
