Original Response: 
That’s a good way to lose any friends in the CBJ locker room, but at least he’s not going to jerk them around.
Better than waiting until after free agency deadline and signing with another team before you let your team know.
Hence the better than jerking them around part.
Better then having the team move out a fan favourite just for you to sign with another team.
We already miss you Armia :(
I'd MUCH rather my big name player to tell me straight up he's leaving.
Not wait a week after he's a UFA on a decision.
Also known as the Le’veon Bell strategy.
As long as he plays to win and gives it everything he's got every night, I don't think his teammates mind a whole lot.
It's when players stop trying and caring that teammates have a problem with it.
Yeah they literally said exactly that.
Idiot.
Did you wake up on the wrong side of the bed there buddy?
Don't worry, we'll take good care of him.
Get ready to fall in love.
for real though, why did it have to be Armia.
[deleted]
Don't you think big name players talk about this candidly anyway?
Ryan Kesler talked about wanting to leave openly with players on other teams.
"Its how he left"
Yah as much as I'd hate to lose Copp I'd rather it have been him.
Already there bb.
 Go pound salt.
For real.
At least the GM gets plenty of time to move him instead of him walking for nothing.
It's still a unionized environment.
Players are expected to get paid as much as possible and exercise their rights as a UFA.
Sure, I’ll just have to take a trip to the Barclays Center to scoop up enough of it.
Always.
But it peeves me off when reddit bojos say exactly the same thing reworded differently to get karma or just input their one cent for little to no value.
Oh man those salt jokes are just so refreshing, its almost like we havent heard these for the last two months from leaf fans.. oh wait.
Im looking forward to seeing that mediocre defense try to compete this year.
You're the one who brought salt up in the 1st place lmao.
I don’t think you know us Leafs fans too well.
You’ve got about another 7 years of a Tavares contact for us to just be insufferable.
I really do envy you guys though.
Toronto is still trying to figure out who’s going to play as our 4th line center.
It sure would be nice to be the islanders and able to keep three 4th line centers on our team and not have to worry about all these hard decisions.
Lol buddy go get some help.
The salt is pouring through you.
Did you think of that yourself?
And the salt continues lol.
Let me help you.
Tavares is gone.
You bring up salt and then get pissy your gonna get shitty jokes flung back at you.
Let the salt flow through you, you salty beast.
Oh I know why the ice is shit a barclays, it's because of all of the salt.
*


*This is only directed at this specific isles fan.
Everyone else is good but morons like this are well, morons.
Funny you didn't mention the defense still..
I thought Canadians were smart when it comes to hockey?
They should know cups are won on BOTH sides of the ice..
What does an Islanders fan know about winning cups?
I could care less when Hawks and Kings and Bruins fans talk this kinda shit, but this is a little rich given JT obviously realized what way the wind was blowing on the Island 🙄.
Not that smart ehhh?
Ugh, why should i have to explain that pounding salt has nothing to do with tears..
[deleted]
&gt; islanders fan mentioning salt

That was a mistake.
Hahahahah you do know "Pounding salt" has absolutely nothing to do with tears right?
Not that smart ehhh?
*This is only directed to the apparently simple minded Leafs fan that can't understand sayings *

Good try tho.. your funny.
People who get offended by full disclosure in a situation where you should do what’s best for yourself aren’t worth being friends with.
&gt;They should know cups are won on BOTH sides of the ice..

Tell that to Pittsburgh.
Hahahaha salty bitch can only live in salt so they try to be knowledgeable while not acknowledging that a free agent might possibly leave the team.
Good try though that salt your protruding really added flavour to my dinner.
Ty bby.
Yeah, they all know it's business.
How's that 50 year drought treating you?
Must not know your cup history, especially in the 80's huh?
Lol the 80's......30 years ago eh?
Let it go.
.
How old are you?
Name calling?
Salt talk?
It keeps going and going.
He was a "potential" free agent.
The isles were trying to sign him for the last two years.
What does that tell you about him and his commitment?
Of course I know the Islanders have 4 years of relevancy in their entire miserable history.
The Leafs have 13 and if I were a betting man, I'd put money on the Island continuing to be a burning shit heap and the Leafs getting a cup within the next 3-5 years, but maybe I'm crazy 🤷‍♂️.
 0 cups in the modern era.
Considering the age of the franchise, thats really bad.
Miserable history, ummmm yeah about that, 50 year drought?
Right!
Wait, or, apparently not.
https://www.reddit.com/r/hockey/comments/9higec/report_blue_jackets_gm_has_no_interest_in_trading/
If only your front office were half as good at their jobs as you are at shit-talking, the Island might have won something when they had JT on a slave wage instead of giving up 300 goals a season 🤔.
Neither of the shit rosters either of you have put out for the last 30 years have accomplished fuck-all, let alone likely in your own lifetimes when you were old enough to appreciate it.
The difference is, the Leafs now have good management and a great team.
The Isles just had their best player walk for free because he didn't see any future for the team - but he saw one in Toronto.
You'd be a fool to think the Leafs won't be making Conference finals appearances *well* before the Isles ever sniff success again.
Sit the fuck down.
dude calm down.
take it easy and lay off the salt.
i know, it may end you since its what powers you but seriously JT is gone, if they tried to sign him for two years and he didnt sign then maybe they should have traded him?
Blame management not the player,  blame the isles shit asset management.
Ahhhh still no answer for that 50 year.. gotcha.
I’ll take movies for 500 dollars, please.
“Angelina Jolie plays a CIA officer accused of being a Russian spy.”

“What is Salt?”

Salt is the correct answer.
Nah i prefer to stand actually.
You do know they haven't done shit yet right?
And you have no idea how the isles will be this year?
Im not saying they will be great and might not even make the playoffs but you have no idea what will happen this year with them.
And you have No idea if they will be able to resign thier core offensive players.
The leafs could be riddled with injuries, and fall flat and your whole "leafs in the conf.
finals" would be non-existent" .
Unless you have a crystal ball then hell, ill sit down right now and say "the leafs are a shoe in for the cup" 
 But alas they dont exist.
13 Cups &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 4 Cups.
And the Islanders have a 34 year cup drought so they're little better.
You'd think you were a Blackhawks fan with how much shit you're talking about recent Cups.
And still no answer for the dogshit team/franchise... gotcha.
Ill give you this one, this was original.
Well done.
its prob his one chance to go to UFA, i bet all the players understand this too.
Panarin is a nice kid.
[deleted]
Dude omg.
Time for a Reddit timeout.
Go have a nap.
Yep, do what Matt Duchene did and let Sakic take his time for the maximum return on him.
Helped that we had over 2 years left of Dutchy contract when he said he wanted out.
Dont want where you have a Stastny 2014, or Tavares last season where you lose him for nothing.
Yeah, it’s going to be a elephant in the locker room situation, but at least they won’t side step the question and say yeah I’m committed but in the end he leaves the team.
Dude OMG!
Nah im good.
Still hurts.
It’s actually just our right side that’s mediocre.
And even our right side is better than anyone you guys have.
Go crawl back into your hole.
In a Best of 7 series an injury riddled Leafs would still stomp the Islanders in 5 and that one game is being generous.
Nah, that d cant handle any injuries, they are thin  at nhl quality depth.
I think this isles squad might be a little more surprising then people think.
Still have some holes to fill but we will see.
No dog in this fight but holy fuck the Toronto fans on here are fucking losers.
Is everyone from that city an asshole?
Starting to seem like it.. i get why they are so protective of him tho.
Its somebody who WANTS to be there and it just so happens he's FROM there.
Its really Canada's next shot to bring the cup to a Canadian team after a 20+ year drought.
But yeah, hope your ready for the downvotes because you disagree with Leafs nation!
*cough* Tavares *cough*
Literally repeated what OP said.
[removed]
As a blues fan, i can endure any lost players for what we have now.
Seems we found a way to lock in all the best pieces for at least a few years.
Bob is going to be a tough loss if he leaves, but imo panarin will be replaceable.
You're on a 2 year old very active account with only 1000 karma.
Something is wrong.
You should know this.
I'm sure you're not a complete idiot and can see that.
Go seek help before you kill yourself from depression.
Trolls are just depressed people lashing out at others to bring others down to their shitty level of life.
Nothing is wrong.
Honestly dont care about "karma" or trying to say things that people like or agree with.
When i see a spade, i call it a spade no pussyfooting around.
So by your definition, trolls are people that disagree with a group of people and should just conform with everyone because everybody must know better then a single person, right?
The whole point of this was me calling out the dumb leafs fan that was rubbing it in just a bit further after hearing it for 2 months.
Its funny how other leaf fans come to his aid for being a douche.
[deleted]
Says the guy thats a DAY late to the party!
CYA!
[deleted]
Way to address the fact you are a DAY LATE to this comment and thread.
Bu bye now!
[deleted]
Hahaha , you made it into some dumb comparison with our fanbase which is not addressing the fact that this all happened yesterday.
I said bye now twice and yet here YOU are still trying to chime in.
Get lost.
[deleted]
Love the name-calling!
That must be a sign of Intelligence where you come from.. oh wait.
Maybe the fact that this is a dead thread and yet you are here, says something about that thing i spoke of in the first part of this.
Im not sure who's emotions are being manipulated here, last time i checked, im not here calling people "degenerate".
But you go on and keep telling yourself that to make your self feel better.
LOL.
[deleted]
Way to give up, cya!
[deleted]

Summary: 
The salt is pouring through you.
And you have no idea how the isles will be this year?
Yeah, they all know it's business.
What does an Islanders fan know about winning cups?
And the salt continues lol.
It keeps going and going.
The isles were trying to sign him for the last two years.
Lol buddy go get some help.
Did you think of that yourself?
Oh I know why the ice is shit a barclays, it's because of all of the salt.
I don’t think you know us Leafs fans too well.
The difference is, the Leafs now have good management and a great team.
They should know cups are won on BOTH sides of the ice..
take it easy and lay off the salt.
&gt; islanders fan mentioning salt

That was a mistake.
Ahhhh still no answer for that 50 year.. gotcha.
And the Islanders have a 34 year cup drought so they're little better.
How's that 50 year drought treating you?
Its funny how other leaf fans come to his aid for being a douche.
You do know they haven't done shit yet right?
Don't worry, we'll take good care of him.
It's still a unionized environment.
*


*This is only directed at this specific isles fan.
Hahahahah you do know "Pounding salt" has absolutely nothing to do with tears right?
Let the salt flow through you, you salty beast.
Go crawl back into your hole.
