Original Response: 
Good.
Why does a university need a “free speech policy” beyond what’s already legally protected?
I think it more about the freedom of ideas and different opinions.
&amp;#x200B;
the one place I expect there to be an abundance of ideas allowed to be debated and explored is within a university.
You should not be silenced for your ideas, rather you should be forced to back up your ideas through scholarly sources/debate.
I actaully couldnt care less if youre the most racist POS human on the earth.. id rather not silence you and instead have you in a debate scenario where people arguing the other side can make you look like a complete ass hat.
Have you not been following the Laurier [debacle.](https://nationalpost.com/opinion/rex-murphy-now-laurier-wants-to-ditch-free-speech-for-better-speech-can-we-converse?)
Is there any known cases where schools reject specific views from formal debates?
The Ford demand realistically seems more to protect the ability for "racist POS humans" to say what they want, when they want, and how they want.
Yeah, I’m not sure what such a “policy” would have done for that situation?
In both Canada and the USA, university higher-ups routinely go against the stated policy of their own school when they see fit (often to do with political winds).
Just ask anyone who’s ever worked in higher ed.
What exactly are these policies supposed to *say,* according to the Premiere?
None of these articles are specific.
This reminds me of the sex ed issue, lots of talk and no details...just “the status quo is wrong and rail against that wrongness.” Isn’t that the playbook the right accuses the left of using?
Here is an example:

If I use a noise machine anytime you speak in public, I am not infringing on your legally protected rights.
Under new policy, doing this to you on campus would be need to be against campus rules and enforced.
Shouldn’t that just be enforced already?
Blowing an air horn in the middle of a lecture or pulling a fire alarm for any reason other than an emergency is already both against “policy” and a violation of honour codes to boot in any school I’m aware of.
Making it double against the rules does what?
I don’t think any “policy” will address what is fundamentally a cultural issue that’s broken in higher ed right now, where even comedians won’t go to campuses anymore.
You bring up some very good points.
Trying to differentiate the substantive policy direction from the rhetoric can be very challenging.
Has politics ever been so superficial?
It seems like it's all about sound bites these days.
Perhaps it's always been about that but it seems particularly acute these days.
In any event, I hope that the government of Ontario does something about the "group think" currently occurring in Canadian universities.
Free speech is the backbone of democracy.
since when is that what he wants?
Universities should NEVER silence ideas... that isnt what university is about.
You want to really teach people how to think critically?
you allow them to be introduced to these ideas and then destroy those ideas with other ideas that are more logical and based in better evidence.
There have been universities that refused to allow certain speakers on campus, and there is a growing trend amongst the extreme left students to try and stifle this speech by pulling fire alarms and attempting to force institutions to ban certain speakers on campus, Jordan Peterson being a prime example.
Maybe not from formal debates, but Ryerson was in some hot water not too long ago for [banning the formation and funding of a men's issues group on campus.
](https://www.macleans.ca/education/uniandcollege/ryerson-students-union-censors-mens-issues-group/) Many of the group members were female.
Then there were the [feminist "protests" of an MRA speaker at UofT in 2013.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iARHCxAMAO0) They've also pulled fire alarms to prevent other talks from happening.
How tolerant, eh?
Seems like anything that isn't a "progressive" enough is labelled "hateful" or "dangerous".
Maybe if you think an idea is bad, you should challenge it instead of censoring it?

Summary: 
since when is that what he wants?
I think it more about the freedom of ideas and different opinions.
Universities should NEVER silence ideas... that isnt what university is about.
Shouldn’t that just be enforced already?
Maybe if you think an idea is bad, you should challenge it instead of censoring it?
You want to really teach people how to think critically?
