Original Response: 
If the employees refuse to follow the lawful instructions of their employers, fire them.
It’s crazy to me that there are actual living people who fight for what Ford is trying to do here.
Like what the fuck.
Like why the fuck do you support the lunatics running the asylum?
Teachers do not establish policy or curriculum.
Government does.
So go down to Queens Park and lynch Ford if you like, but at the same time insist that paid staff do their fucking jobs.
Or leave.
Choose one.
How does Ford wanting to roll back sex ed have to do with any of that?
If you want to teachers to teach certain things then so be it, but don’t go back several years and take out information relevant to the times we live in.
Additionally teachers have always had a curriculum to follow incase you are that inept about the subject.
They each teach that curriculum in their own way of course but that has been the case for nearly every school forever.
Nothing wrong with that at all.
But here you’ve decided that the best thing to do in your life is get aggressive and defend anti education.
That’s just sad.
A teacher's job is to educate students to best prepare them for the future.
The conservative Ford government is hindering the teacher's ability to best prepare students for the future.
It has forced policies that are unproven, ill researched (if at all) and detrimental to students futures.
Better this than forcing unproven theories onto children and teaching it as fact.
An employee duty is to follow the curriculum.
But wait, you see teachers as having the duty to fooow their conscience?.
So you'd have no problem with a fundamental Muslim teacher teaching the merits of genital female mutilation, or a Christian teacher insisting on mandatory prayers before each class?
Both would be 'doing their job' by best preparing them for the future.
Or am I exaggerating your sincerity, and you actually think that the teachers union is responsible now for Ontario curriculum development?
I don't live in ON, but aren't they now teaching the sex ed curriculum from the Dark Ages of 2014, when Wynne wrote curriculum?
This dispute- obviously- has nothing to do with curriculum or education.
Duh.
The teachers ran the show under your Liberals in ON, and now they don't.
This is a power play  between employer and employees.
Can we agree on the facts of the matter?
I agree that teachers have always had a curriculum to teach, one that is developed by their government and employer.
Public schools and publlic school  employees have never had the option of teaching what they please.
of course.
&gt;  fire them.
That's one of the problems.
The unions for the teachers, especially here in Ontario, is way too fucking powerful.
They have waaaay too much power.
It's sickening.
What unproven theory in regards to the sex ed curriculum are you referring to?
Why are you bringing any of this up to me?
This has nothing to do with Ford rolling back sex ed to be less relevant to modern times.
Any specifics you in regards to what's wrong with the pre-1998 rollback curriculum?
&gt; So you'd have no problem with a fundamental Muslim teacher teaching the merits of genital female mutilation, or a Christian teacher insisting on mandatory prayers before each class?
Mind sharing how the examples you provided, would best prepare students for the future?
[removed]
40.5% of Ontario would prefer to have Mississippi-style Bible thumping, abstinence only "sex education".
Ontario's teen pregnancy rate will go up.
So if Dougie decided Ontario Physicians should no longer treat heart attacks you'd be ok with firing anyone who kept on treating?
They are employed by the school board (which I understand get their funding from the government).
My board already sent emails out (the board, not any union) telling us to continue teaching the curriculum.
They are willing to challenge the government and defend the teacher.
I don't think people are understanding what a curriculum is.
The curriculum is a set of MINIMUM expectations for a teacher to cover.
If a teacher decides to use their professional judgment to go above and beyond the curriculum, its within their right to do so.
However, you should not be evaluating students on it.
For example, in Gr 10 science, in the optics unit, students are expected to be able to predict the qualitative characteristics of images formed by plane and curved mirrors.
They should also be able to use ray diagrams and algebraic equations to predict the characteristics of images formed by converging lense.
However, I regularly go above this and teach my students about diverging lenses as well.
Why?
Because using my professional judgement, I feel that this is an extension of the curriculum that is not explicitly covered but students should be able to do.
So similarly, if I'm a health teacher, the old curriculum doesn't teach about sexual harassment/bullying online, but if I feel like my students can benefit from this, you bet your ass I'll be teaching them.
Edit - why the downvotes folks?
Let's have a rational discussion.
Good, our birthrate is pretty low as it is.
More realistic yet equally controversial example: Ontario government says euthanasia is illegal.
Ontario physicians start practicing it as they see fit.
Do you fire them?
That is the point, the instructions are not lawful and that is why the Elementary Teachers’ Federation of Ontario is going to court.
Teachers have been given instructions that contradict the conditions of their teaching licenses.
&gt; This dispute- obviously- has nothing to do with curriculum or education.
Duh.
What?
This is a direct result of a curriculum change.
It has everything to do with education, because Ford reverted back to an outdated curriculum based on ideology and not fact.
What was wrong with the most recent curriculum, and why is the old one better?
And what is it that he is trying to do?
having met many public school teachers, their "professional judgement" is extremely questionable.
Do elected officials set the mandate on the curriculum, or do an unaccountable rogue organization do ?
It is the government job to set a minimum standards.
It is the school board, school and teachers to take that minimum and go above and beyond.
It is not the government's job to fire teachers.
It is the school and school boards job.
No.
It is a direct result of regime change.
The teachers union has become accustomed to running their show.
That day is done, until Ontario voters decide otherwise.
Utter baloney.
Governments via the education ministry review and change curriculum constantly.
Necause I'm not going to let you pretend that this dispute is not political.
It's  a power play, and a pretty pathetically transparent one,  from a union that has ragdolled Ontario taxpayers for a long time.
Reality is a tough pill to swallow.
And extremely expensive too.
[deleted]
Originally replied thinking it was another thread.
But I don’t know what you are trying to say here.
I know it’s a political play.
Ford is signalling his base and rolling back sex ed to be less relevant.
How people could be in favour of this boggles my mind.
Nope.
Ford has four years of majority govt to signal his base.
His actions are aimed at signalling another political base, the teachers union.
The message is clear: their is a new boss in town, and he is not a doormat like Wynne was with this group.
You act like teachers are evil and don’t actually want to teach at all.
Ford has made it so people are going to learn less, not more.
If that’s a good thing to you then at least it’s good to know you’re anti education.

Summary: 
Teachers do not establish policy or curriculum.
It is not the government's job to fire teachers.
It is the school and school boards job.
This dispute- obviously- has nothing to do with curriculum or education.
I don't think people are understanding what a curriculum is.
The curriculum is a set of MINIMUM expectations for a teacher to cover.
This is a direct result of a curriculum change.
A teacher's job is to educate students to best prepare them for the future.
An employee duty is to follow the curriculum.
I agree that teachers have always had a curriculum to teach, one that is developed by their government and employer.
Nothing wrong with that at all.
They are willing to challenge the government and defend the teacher.
&gt; This dispute- obviously- has nothing to do with curriculum or education.
The unions for the teachers, especially here in Ontario, is way too fucking powerful.
It is the government job to set a minimum standards.
