Original Response: 
Talk about your day.
Anything goes, but subreddit rules still apply.
Please be polite to each other!
I don't know why when I know a girl, will only be a platonic friend I don't really bother to keep the conversation going, but when it comes to a girl I see as a future SO, I put so much time and effort in engaging them.
Am I selfish?
Ugly girls don’t deserve attention.
i think thats how normal girls react i guess?
any female redditors can correct me on that?
Tbh I don't really give a damn about looks.
fully agree as a girl LOL we only give a damn if we deemed that person as someone we want to keep / spend our time with.
Tell me I am egg is a guy leh?
[deleted]
monkaGIGA.
i know but im saying like its normal if a guy does that too.
u get what i mean?
yeah like 95% of a time girls i met are like that.
haha!
humans like that one cant blame!
!
Nope, I do the same thing too (as do lots of people).
You'll see the same thing in girls who don't give the time of day to guys they're not interested in.
So egg say he only put in effort for girls that he feels like being in a relationship with.
So shouldn't your statements be, it's normal for guys (since egg is a guy) to react this way and girls do that too?
Or you just skip straight to girls react this way as well so it's normal for guys too?
Sorry a bit cannot brain today, hope I'm making sense 😂 it's not a big deal.
haha!
i totally understand what you are saying lol.
i mario jumped straight to the point thats why you were confused at first.
XD.
hahah i wished i could understand that when i was like 19 or 20 lol.
at least u learnt it now!!!
no more heartbreaks!
Ding ding.
and therefore i deserve all the attention in the world.
no.
isnt that normal?
if you can keep up that kind of enthusiasm and level of social ability with everyone you talk to, then something wrong.
On the verge of another breakdown but im in the middle of a mall lol gg.
wah why.
Mental breakdown?
Yeah p much.
Kena triggered and all my traumas were playing in my head so yeah.
Take care, bro/sis.
I hope you're feeling better now.
*hugs*
go toilet and breathe and wash face.
Thanks, i appreciate it.
Thanks :)

Summary: 
i know but im saying like its normal if a guy does that too.
Tell me I am egg is a guy leh?
i totally understand what you are saying lol.
i think thats how normal girls react i guess?
Ugly girls don’t deserve attention.
I hope you're feeling better now.
yeah like 95% of a time girls i met are like that.
