Original Response: 
His promise for 1 million jobs was basically "I'll make another Walmart for you idiots"

No thanks.
We already got hipster Target.
And that bastard Kmart, with giant parking fields no one ever uses, except for beatdown RV vagrancy or tranny trick turning.
I love Target so much I feel like I make a difference by shopping there instead of feeding into the cycle of sweatshops that Wal-Mart runs.
lol they're all the same except kmart has better popcorn.
But a competitor to Walmart would make Walmart pay people better...
Hmmm..   Walmart or coal digging jobs...  I’ll take the Walmart job, thank you.
Are we that retarded that coal digging and Walmart is the extent of our abilities?
Identity politics polarizes brain matter.
Wait what??
to me Target **ALWAYS** smells like popcorn... you're telling me K-Mart smells more popcornish?
Oh you sweet, summer child..
Target treats its employees just as bad as Walmart.
It also sources it shit from the same places.
I identify as charcoal.
Wtf do uncreative job markets have to do with identity politics?
dont you want another Walmart?
this figure is about as reliable as chinese accounting.
I heard that Chinese steel is the best too, and that those vast shoddily built empty Chinese cities are evidence of an economic boom.
Have you been there?
yes.
I dont think so, China consuming more steel in last couple of decades than US in last century, and still China is Shoddily built?
Welcome to the new world brother, you are in for a big surprise.
You will slowly realize the hard work of the rest of the Human species.
yeah its shoddily built, what does steel consumption have to do with the quality of what they build?
the Chinese are world famous for making terrible shit.
Like iPhone?
Japanese had the reputation for low quality at the start of the century, look where are they now.
High-quality stuff is not rocket science, you just have to pay for it.
&gt; Like iPhone?
No, like every other consumer packaged product, building material, and manufactured good.
"Made in China" is not a stamp of success.
I can't tell if you're actually dumb or just being disingenuous.
&gt;Japanese had the reputation for low quality at the start of the century

No, they did not.
This is absolutely not true.
&gt;High-quality stuff is not rocket science, you just have to pay for it.
Yeah, and China does not produce these things.
They also do not innovate.
Your in for a rude awakening :)
Very well, tell me that in a decade.
Time is the ultimate judge :)
funny they said that about 20 years ago, China is always on the brink of being important but never gets there.
They've been saying this exact same thing for like 20 years, I was watching documentaries 10 years ago about how amazing their economy is and it isnt.
I have no idea why people continue to believe a nation propped up by intellectual property theft can thrive.
The largest scooping out of human species out of poverty, without war and still the economy is not amazing, and in case I offended you please forgive me, I have no such intention, I just feel a certain way, and a said it.
Calling me dumb is not cool or effective.

Summary: 
dont you want another Walmart?
Target treats its employees just as bad as Walmart.
Yeah, and China does not produce these things.
I can't tell if you're actually dumb or just being disingenuous.
yeah its shoddily built, what does steel consumption have to do with the quality of what they build?
the Chinese are world famous for making terrible shit.
