Original Response: 
You don't appear to understand what the word gay means.
Also, there is no such thing as the "homosexual lifestyle".
Flatly a lie.
Everybody chooses their behavior.
There is zero evidence - none - that homosexuality is heritable.
You don't seem to understand what you're responding to.
Being gay is *not* a behaviour.
It's simply the state of being exclusively attracted to ones one gender.
It doesn't matter whether that person has ever had sex, it doesn't matter whether they've made a lifetime commitment to celibacy--*if* they are exclusively attracted to other men or to other women, *then* they are gay.
Period.
And sexual orientation is obviously not a decision you make.
Given the frequency with which I get responses similar to yours... why should anyone take what you have to say about gay people seriously when you have this much trouble even understanding what it *is* and respond this aggressively to being told simple facts?
Doesn't seem very reasonable or rational if I'm being honest.
You're making things up.
Behaviour is entirely volitional.
It is exactly a lifestyle choice when acted upon...just like all other forms of sexual deviance or adultery.
Your agenda is at odds with your claims of faith.
Pick one.
Again, being gay is *not* a behaviour.
I've already educated you on that point.
It always amazes how much trouble you people have understanding this simple fact.
[deleted]
As a gay person.
It is not a behavior.
We don’t choose to be attracted to the same sex.
Get it through your head.
You choose to engage in the act.
What exactly is 'the act'?
There are plenty of chaste gay people.
Like you choose to be a D* about it?
That’s gay sex, that isn’t being gay

Is not like very single gay person is having loads of gay sex and is always goin g to shag.
[deleted]
The act is exactly a choice and a behavior.
Being gay and having gay sex are two different things.
How are you still not getting this?
I got that years ago.
Reading is apparently hard here.
If you understand it then why do you keep whining?
Yeah, and you're the one having trouble reading.
I have not whined once.
You're just irritated that I pointed out that homosexual acts are both a choice and in contradiction with Christian doctrine.
You cannot change your instincts but can control your behaviour...
&gt; You cannot change your instincts but can control your behaviour...
Which means that someone can't control whether they're gay or not.
You're *so* confused.
Did you skip reading with comprehension 101?
The Christian texts declare homosexual acts as a sin against nature and an abomination just like they do heterosexual adultery as sinful.
In both cases the sexual desires of the individual are beside the point.
Their ACTIONS are the point.
But you and the rest of the gay apologists want to make instinct an excuse for permitting the action.
Choose your faith or your social agenda, you cannot have both.
&gt; Their ACTIONS are the point.
A person can take no ACTIONS and still be a gay Christian.
The word "gay" has literally zero implications with respect to a person's ACTIONS, so it doesn't any sense to talk about ACTIONS when one is asking the question of whether someone  can be a gay Christian.
Please let me know *exactly* what about this you find so confusing, or otherwise be quiet.
[removed]
&gt; You want the first try to establish that there is a biological basis for homosexuality, and then moveto the argument that they therefore they have no control over their behavior.
No, that's stupid.
It's just a simple fact that being gay isn't a choice.
That's all.
Anything else you've imagined is just an invention of your hysteria and moral panic.
&gt; It is almost certainly a psychological disorder.
Stop lying.
I have no moral panic, I have moral clarity.
Deviant behavior needs to be called what it is.
Yes you have to have compassion for the individual, but there must never be room for perversion and deviant behavior being mainstreamed.
More to the point perverted behavior should never be called Christian.
By Christian Theology and teaching, straight people must be monogamous or abstinent.
By that same teaching, all gay people or people who have that instinct, must remain celibate.
&gt; By Christian Theology and teaching, straight people must be monogamous or abstinent.
By that same teaching, all gay people or people who have that instinct, must remain celibate.
Which means that there's no contradiction between being gay and being Christian, which is what I said in the first place and what you got yourself all panicked over.
Thanks for playing!

Summary: 
It is not a behavior.
Being gay is *not* a behaviour.
Again, being gay is *not* a behaviour.
I have not whined once.
Their ACTIONS are the point.
&gt; Their ACTIONS are the point.
There are plenty of chaste gay people.
You choose to engage in the act.
The act is exactly a choice and a behavior.
It's just a simple fact that being gay isn't a choice.
