Original Response: 
[deleted]
Hey, guess what?
You went into shock!
Your body thought you were gravely wounded and bleeding out, so it plummeted your blood pressure (which gives some people intense nausea) in an effort to slow your death!
Sounds like you need to find another donation center because everything they did (making you stand up at all, blowing out your vein, telling you to down a gatorade, waiting to put you on an IV, etc) makes me think they didn't know what they were doing.
Glad you're ok.
Honestly, I was so stressed out reading about how bad the nurses and doctors handled everything.
See, the issue with these places (the one I go to and have seen reviews for) is that the people handling these needles are ***not*** medical professionals.
I have a friend who just got a job at CSL (one of the bigger centers) and he's a weedhead who barely graduated high school (his girl did a whole online class for him) 

Needless to say, I don't think you want someone like my friend sticking needles in you and drawing blood.
My girlfriend who is also practicing something in the medical industry (always forget exactly what it is) but she gets basic procedures in a hospital setting and she pointed out what they were doing wrong.
To give you an idea, the guy we had last time we went did not change his gloves between sticking needles into different people.
Former CSL Plasma employee here.
A lot of the phlebotomists have actually taken phlebotomy courses and some are certified, but you're right, it isn't a requirement.
They usually won't hire someone on as a phlebotomist right away though, and will start them off as a donor support technician (someone who sets up the machines, removes needles, and takes down the setup).
Then you can move up to phlebotomist.
They won't let someone remain a phlebotomist if they constantly screw up though.
The medical staff employees, however, are always at least LPNs or paramedics and should've known how to handle OP better.
I have no medical training whatsoever and that didn't sound right to me, either.
Yes let’s take the semi conscious delirious persons account on what happened to heart.
Look I’m not saying everything he is saying is a lie.
But having worked in healthcare and the bedside in ICUs and EDs for a while.
I’ve witnessed plenty of people passing out, having a seizure or going into shock or what have you that afterwards state different or wildly exaggerated events of the prior ten minutes or even hour leading up to their event.
If you had someone with you and this is their account of the events then carry on and this doesn’t apply to you my dude.
Maybe it doesn’t anyway but just food for thought for everyone else.
Edit - Missed period.
Yup I was gonna day I donated plasma before and never seen anything as OP describe.
Definitely sounds like something more than just not eating.
I used to go donate on empty stomach hell sometimes I would have a couple of beers before going or be stoned.
I don't recommend it I was just a jackass a few years agao lol.
Me three.
Woah is that what it is?
I use to donate blood/plasma a lot since I’m O+.
But I remember this one time I pulled an all nighter with not much water/food in me and took a midterm the next day.
After I finished I felt so relieved I thought it’d be a good idea to give blood as a good deed to top off my day.
My veins are usually super visible but that day the nurse had trouble finding my veins and I was watching her move the needle around WHILE UNDER my skin.
I thought she was gonna rip open my veins.
Started getting dizzy and having trouble breathing then proceeded to pass out 3x in a row for like 5-10 seconds at a time.
They gave me snacks and told me to chill then I was on my way.
Always blamed it on the lack of sleep and dehydration.
Actually the vomiting is cause by an adrenaline dump secondary to shock.
Your body thinks you are dying and shunts blood to vital organs.
Part of fight or flight is to vomit and shit, as your parasympathetic nervous system is being supressed.
I worked in a plasma center for about 8 months.
The impression that I got from my time there was that it was the most incompetently run place I've ever worked.
You may have had a vasovagal response, where the body preemptively puts you into shock because of perceived injury (needle moving under skin, knowledge that blood will be leaving your body soon).
Can come on stronger with lack of sleep and dehydration, for sure.
Ooo thank you for the explanation.
Always wondered what was going on back then.
No.
This is incorrect.
It is the other way round.
First adrenalin (sympathic nervous system), then an (over-) compensation by the parasympathic nervous system.
Vasovagal = circulatoric change brought on by the Vagus nerve (part of the parasymphatic nervous system), slow pulse and low blood pressure.
My pleasure!
I want to know how to get into this.
So, I do have a vasovagal response ever time I donate blood.
I've known this for some time.
I also get a mild syncope if I stretch really hard a certain way.
My mom received a LOT of blood transfusions before she died and I really want to donate back, but I'm afraid I will pass out or something and they wont take the donation.
Is there anything I can do to minimize this or do I just have to live with the fact that I can't donate?
You are talking out your ass.
They have low BP because they are hypovolemic.
Not bc of vasovagal.
Apply.
The place I worked hired fucking anyone.
We had an employee come in way high on meth one time.
He got fired previously for coming into work high on weed but they re-hired him.
Spoiler alert, it pays shit.
I used to work at BioLife (CSL and BioLife are kinda the big two) and I just applied online.
It was a pretty good stepping stone to get into the medical field if that's something you're interested in.
Probably just don't donate.
Some people just can't, and it's fine.
I worked as medical staff in a plasma center and have some exactly what you have done.
Smaller people are especially susceptible to having a reaction, but it can happen to anyone.
It happens a lot on people's first donation, once you do it a few times it usually lessens.
My local centre is great.
Most of the staff are either nurses or ex-nurses.
I'm not a medical professional by any means but they all seem to be adhering to a pretty strict procedure.
Reading this original story made me very concerned.
So basically a near death experience simulator.
If you tense your abdominal muscles or squeeze your legs together, it helps your blood pressure to remain elevated.
It takes practice, but people have been able to get rid of the vasovagal response by training this way.
Yuup.
Current phlebotomist here, it can sound intimidating but the experience is almost always uneventful.
Most cases the reactions come from new donors because they don’t always know to eat before hand.
Drink a literal shit ton of water the day before.
Eat a good healthy meal about an hour or so before coming in and that’s about it.
Don’t fill up on greasy or fatty foods the day of and day before and you should be good to go.
Yes not all of us come from previous medical backgrounds (myself a manager at a movie theater and my best friend worked at a local superstore) but we are 100% trained in handling needles and reactions.
Not all veins are the same and some can 100% be different than the next.
I would say that if you’d been feeling lightheaded from previous donations then seek information from the nurses on staff because they are licensed and you might need to change your diet before coming back in.
Or honestly the experience might just not be for you.
It happens.
&gt; telling you to down a gatorade

Can you explain why that would be a bad thing to do?
Layman, all that seems obvious, but why would gatorade be a bad sign here?
In my mind its just water with sugar and flavoring to help you down it faster.
Because if his body is still having a bad reaction, his parasympathetic nervous system is still being suppressed, meaning he will just puke it up.
Sipping would help, by downing it guarantees vomit.
It's not the gatorade itself, but that they wanted him to drink it quickly before stabilizing him.
It means he is just guaranteed to puke it up and it wouldn't help him.
the entire thing here is so fucked

the fact that the OP did this for money, the fact that they drove themselves home??
this is insane.
Did they make him pay for the fucking gatorade too?
First time I donated blood, when they ask you tons of med questions, I told the "nurse" I'd recently had the meningitis vaccine for college and she didn't know what I was talking about.
She wrote it down and handed it to another nurse to ask and her spelling of it (menajockal) worried me dearly.
Thankfully she was not sticking anyone that day.
[deleted]
I have a friend working as a phlebotomist in Australia on $23AUD an hour, driving her own vehicle to appointments.
The pay really is average.

Summary: 
I want to know how to get into this.
I worked in a plasma center for about 8 months.
So, I do have a vasovagal response ever time I donate blood.
The place I worked hired fucking anyone.
It is the other way round.
I worked as medical staff in a plasma center and have some exactly what you have done.
I thought she was gonna rip open my veins.
I've known this for some time.
Thankfully she was not sticking anyone that day.
Always wondered what was going on back then.
It happens a lot on people's first donation, once you do it a few times it usually lessens.
I have no medical training whatsoever and that didn't sound right to me, either.
I use to donate blood/plasma a lot since I’m O+.
Then you can move up to phlebotomist.
They gave me snacks and told me to chill then I was on my way.
Is there anything I can do to minimize this or do I just have to live with the fact that I can't donate?
