Original Response: 
Talk about whatever tickles your fancy.
Now being posted at 10pm eastern!
https://gifsound.com/?gifv=uRvs9C1&amp;v=hHAP7NvBOU0&amp;s=74.
What's up everybody?
How are we tonight?
I'm ok.
Feeling a bit better today than the last few.
Downhill slide from this cold probably back to 75%.
Didnt do much today.
Just some light duty stuff at work.
Watching: Blue Bloods with the wife

Vaping: cloudberry strawberry kiwi in the siren, pink punch in the ammit rda.
Drinking: Static Electricity, by Perennial Artisan Ales.
Nice thick DIPA.
What are you guys vaping?
Any thing going on the second half of the week?
Hey my dude!!!
Glad you’re feeling better!!
Man our set ups are pretty similar today haha.
Yeah man, I'm glad to be feeling better!
Still got some room to improve but I'm not coughing every 30 seconds now..

And yeah, I mean I kinda copied you on the siren, you copied me on the ammit...
I guess you did send me the Eq, too.. What would you expect?
Haha.
Man I need to pick up more pods thanks for reminding me lol.
I’m on my last two haha but yeah, it seems we’re pretty similar with our vaping styles now lmao 

At least you aren’t coughing all the time!
!
MTL is my way 95% of the time.
Its that other 5% of the time that accounts for 75% of my spending, lol..
I picked up 3 more EQ pods as part of the order i received yesterday.
Just in time, too, as my first one is about kicked after 16ml.
How’re you liking the EQ btw?
I’m guessing decently enough haha

And man, wait till you find high end MTL RTAs...there goes your spending lmfao 

Real talk though, I’m a MTL dude but I’m still hunting for an authentic Sherman RTA lol.
I want that beer.
Me too thanks.
The EQ has been treating me well!
Hoping to wrap up my review tomorrow, snap some pics, and post that shit soon..
I had to Google the Sherman, and i can't find much on it, but damn... That thing costs more than my last 2 mods combined!
Haha.
You look in at the 25 or 28mm?
Dont waste your money.
It's crap.
Just point me to it, and I'll do my due diligence to keep it out of the mouths of others 😄.
28mm.
After trying one I just knew I had to have it.
Smoothest airflow out of a DL atty I ever used and the flavor was so damn good.
Should have offered to buy it then and there honestly lol.
Excited for your review!!
If I don’t see it by the end of the night, PM me and I’ll check it out lol.
Word.
I'm struggling with the decision of how to format.
Outline style like Anthony, conversational like yours, or somewhere in between?
Be prepared for the biggest shit show of a rambling review youve ever seen...
So noble, what a beautiful sacrifice &lt;3.
Because perennial really pushes out mediocre liquid.... /s.
If there’s one bit of advice I can give, do what feels natural to you.
I love Anthony’s style personally but I can’t write like that.
I’m way too informal with my writing style where he is super professional.
If that’s your style that feels natural, do it :) whatever you do, keep it you and keep it honest.
And I’m sure it will be great :)
I've never had anything by them that was a bad representation of the style.
Truly blessed to be in their distro.
Buddy goes to all the releases, brings me the really fun stuff to try.
They really are one of the best breweries, nationwide.
I've not seen or heard much about the Perennial releases..
But Side Project?
Damn.. My buddy broke open 3 bottles of Fuzzy at his wedding rehearsal for the groomsmen... Wow..
Sorry, didn't mean for that to sound beer-elitist..
Yeah, he does side project releases too.
Dude is traveling down 70 most weekends it seems like.

Summary: 
Yeah man, I'm glad to be feeling better!
Feeling a bit better today than the last few.
Yeah, he does side project releases too.
After trying one I just knew I had to have it.
How’re you liking the EQ btw?
What are you guys vaping?
And I’m sure it will be great :)
MTL is my way 95% of the time.
Man I need to pick up more pods thanks for reminding me lol.
I guess you did send me the Eq, too.. What would you expect?
