Original Response: 
Back story: I've been dating this girl for 3 weeks.
I am 30 years old and she is 23.
Today was the first time we've had sex together.
We are both Yogi's and I do a lot of tantric breathing to help sustain myself.
Today was the first time I've had sex in 3 years since my other girlfriend cheated on me.
Everyday during my workouts I work on my PC muscle doing Kegel exercises.
For those that don't know what it is here is the entry from Wikipedia: "
The pubococcygeus muscle or PC muscle is a hammock-like muscle, found in both sexes, that stretches from the pubic bone to the coccyx (tail bone) forming the floor of the pelvic cavity and supporting the pelvic organs."
I was squeezing my PC muscle while inside her multiple times and she never felt that sensation before literally no guy ever did that to her and it made her quiver.
So do your f****** kegels men!
https://www.health.harvard.edu/bladder-and-bowel/step-by-step-guide-to-performing-kegel-exercises

Strengthening the PC muscle helps with many things, it even can delay ejaculation if it's strong enough, but most of the time what it does is when you squeeze that muscle it makes your penis move in an upward motion if strong enough.
I cannot stress enough that strengthening the pelvic floor is such a great thing and I discovered that today and I am super ecstatic at this moment that I was able to give a woman a sensation she never felt before.
Ive always found doing these exercises difficult.
Like everytime I would do it I would end up constipated.
I think its because when I do the squeezes, I feel it in my ass.
Idk its hard to explain lol.
Can you give me a run down on how its suppose to feel?
Thanks.
Yeah it's not exactly clenching your butthole but it's pretty close.
Next time you are peeing I want you to focus on stopping the Stream.
And the muscle you use to stop the stream of pee is the PC muscle and that is the muscle you want to isolate and work.
It's hard to tell you how it feels, but it's like half clenching your butthole but not really and it's mostly like feeling your penis Flex even though your penis isn't really flexing.
The easiest way to find the muscle is to Simply stop peeing while you're peeing.
Thanks.
Ill give it a go.
There are several areas of level to clench, one roughly around the anus and two roughly around the penis.
Learning to relax each one is just as important as contacting them, in my opinion.
Contracting your anus muscle happens when you sneeze or cough, so it shouldn't cause you constipation problems.
That might be something you can work through or improve.
Does not the exercise makes your anus blink at the same time that the penis rise a little?
Yeah your butthole kind of clenches is a little bit.
But they key is to make sure you feel your penis "flex"  even though there's no such thing as a penis muscle.
You're using the wrong muscles I guess, and you're not the only one, male or female.
You need to visit an physiotherapist that is specialized in the pelvic.
It's worth the money, and it can improve other things as well, like your toilet visits.
Does having a dry orgasm get rid of your semen?
Like is it the same as ejaculating but without it coming out of your penis?
I've been waiting a couple of days from masturbation and just been edging but acidently crossed the ponr but was able to clench (kegel) and nothing came out!
I then subsequently lost 60% of my erection while trying to relax.
I don't know if that reset my days or not?
Also last question?
When you orgasm and ejaculate do you do a clench or reverse kegel?
Thanks!
My description of orgasms and kegels is a bit different than others.
Dry is truly no semen and just muscle contractions, I'm not restraining anything.
I never try to stop the semen with kegel muscles either.
I don't think that restricting semen is very healthy, you can cause backup problems that way.
I think that controlling the muscle contractions is more important, and letting the semen flow is fine.
If I control my contractions and let the semen flow, usually I can maintain most of my erection and have another orgasm.
Yesterday I had a normal orgasm in the morning, then at night I had two orgasms back to back while I controlled the contractions.
The next orgasm after a minute had no semen left but I let the contractions pump vigorously.
This morning, I had a normal contracting orgasm that shot it all over my chest.
I don't believe in any of the days without orgasm.
You released semen on yours where you clenched, and it might have went into your bladder instead, so yeah you "reset your days".
I think that amount of time actually edging is more important, and several orgasms a day is fine.
If I wait more than day I can't control my body very well, so I don't enjoy the process as much.
The reverse kegel thing, I do control the different muscle groups around my cock.
By my most common technique is the relax kegel, where I stop it from automatically clenching.
Hopefully this makes sense and answers your question.
Sweet!
Thank you!

Summary: 
I don't know if that reset my days or not?
I don't believe in any of the days without orgasm.
I think its because when I do the squeezes, I feel it in my ass.
I never try to stop the semen with kegel muscles either.
When you orgasm and ejaculate do you do a clench or reverse kegel?
Everyday during my workouts I work on my PC muscle doing Kegel exercises.
I am 30 years old and she is 23.
Like is it the same as ejaculating but without it coming out of your penis?
I think that controlling the muscle contractions is more important, and letting the semen flow is fine.
