Original Response: 
Talk about your day.
Anything goes, but subreddit rules still apply.
Please be polite to each other!
Started watching a dating variety show yesterday, and before I slept, I just felt overwhelming loneliness.
It is hard when most of your friends are in a relationship/dating while you have had none of those experiences.
You can't help but feel left behind, undesired and start to question what's wrong with yourself.
(But those feelings will pass and one day it will be your turn too.
That day will come.
That's what we want to believe in at least.)
you mean you didnt have any suitors before?
I was watching suits but the same thing happened to me.
The romance part was being sneaky and came like a truck in my blind spot :-(
Which show was it.
Been feeling exactly the same way for the past few years.
But in my case I've already given up and stopped believing.
[deleted]
It's ok. Come let's go watch a movie.
U go date with brianna la.
the nun movie?
Most of my friends are getting married.
Meanwhile I have been single for 5 years lol.
&gt; single for 5 years

only 5 years?
pfft...what a pleb.
McDonalds date heheeehehe.
Ikr.
In the group of my JC friends (8,9 of us), only me and another guy are single.
The rest are in long-term committed relationships.
U can go Ikea date with that who who haha!
what’s your criteria.
applepie applying?
xD.
It's brianne :/
as sweet as apple pie keyile.
Ok Brittney sorry about that.
T_T.
this Apple here is salty sour and bitter.
but i know deep down still as sweet as honey.
yah I get this often haaHAHA.
[Update from yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/singapore/comments/9egz42/rsingapore_random_discussion_and_small_questions/e5pthtn/)!
She said she didn't reciprocate the feelings, which is cool.
We're already good friends and would both like to keep it that way (for myself now that I know we aren't getting together).
Happy to have got a straight answer :)
Yay!
Glad it worked out nicely :)
Nice to have a mature and understanding friends.
Would have been nice for us to have this outcome, right u/Avocadoez?
:(
yay.
At least you tried, that’s all that matters :)
Indeed!
Very much so, it feels really nice.
Thanks!
waa sorry for being a cold towel but it's really not easy to be "just friends" after one party has confessed to one another.
There will always be this lingering tension

&amp;#x200B;

Source: How I Met Your Mother.
Hey, I seriously suggest you cut contact with her for awhile, until the crush goes away.
Depending on how long you had the crush for, it could be from a week to months.
But from experience, even after being rejected, there will still be lingering feelings that will arise especially when said crush finds a boyfriend.
At the same time, your crush would be feeling awkward from having to turn you down and hurt your feelings.
I suggest giving each other some space, at least a week for these feelings to subside.
Don't worry, since you guys weren't together in the first place, those feelings won't last long.
Cheer up!
Does this sound like some drama hoho.
You drama-junkie lot go get your fix elsewhere.
We just happened to talk about the same subject not too long ago.
¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯  can't blame me for thinking like that since you tagged him/her.
glad it worked out :)
[deleted]
Anyone here who owns pet birds know where I can get a cockatiel?
I've been thinking of getting one for ages but am having trouble in where to look for one (are breeders or shops better?)
Goodwill Birds Trading - One of the biggest bird shops in Singapore.
Or adopt from Gumtree.
https://www.gumtree.sg/s-cockatiel/v1q0p1.
&gt; cockatiel

The cockatiel's lifespan in captivity is generally given as 16 to 25.
It's a huge commitment.
I hope you get a big enough cage for your future tiel (it's bigger than u think).
I see many people keep their small birds (budgies, lovebirds, tiels) in tiny and cramp cages and its sad.
You can try Ang Mo Kio Pet Centre ~
I've got one abt  50x50x151  w/ a stand, though I plan to have it outside of its cage most of the time daily.
:)
Yeap.
I'm all ready for the commitment |\`Д´)＞.
Thanks!
I'll check them out.
Thanks, I'll check it out.
Please try to adopt and not shop.
Read this short article here first to see if it changes your mind: https://bestfriends.org/resources/reasons-adopt-pet

If you plan to adopt, look at gumtree or maybe Mandai Bird Sanctuary though tiels are very very rare there.
They mostly house conures, cockatoos, ring necked parrots, macaws, toucans and etc.
Though if you still plan to shop (understand the reasons not to adopt) the main thing is to ensure that the pet is happy and healthy.

Summary: 
Most of my friends are getting married.
Please try to adopt and not shop.
yah I get this often haaHAHA.
(But those feelings will pass and one day it will be your turn too.
I was watching suits but the same thing happened to me.
Nice to have a mature and understanding friends.
Glad it worked out nicely :)
Meanwhile I have been single for 5 years lol.
Very much so, it feels really nice.
Anyone here who owns pet birds know where I can get a cockatiel?
Thanks, I'll check it out.
I suggest giving each other some space, at least a week for these feelings to subside.
U go date with brianna la.
