Original Response: 
Im looking for the general feel of the motorcycle community as a whole, not just for any one country in particular yet, but including what country you're from would be helpful if you feel comfortable doing that.
Sorry of this breaks any rules, I've already fought the automoderator once to try and post this.
I don't want to share where I am from because that's how news rumors start.
An edit to address some frequently brought up issues.
This would be mainly for heavy traffic relief on highways /freeways/motorways/carriageways/what have you.
As well as being able to move towards the front at traffic lights.
Everyone states that lane splitting at 15mph/25kph would be unsafe when highways are going 70 mph /110 kph, but we feel that that is not the time to be splitting, only when traffic is slow or stopped, hence the hard limit.
Currently the proposal is worded to keep any existing splitting/filtering laws as they are.
Yes I realize Californian is best in every way about this, I've got 30+ messages saying so.
Also, we need to make sure what we propose appeals to the whole population.
Convincing your grandmother (who probably votes more than you as well) to allow lane splitting/filtering will be easier at current write up where it's for use in stopped or almost stopped traffic will be easier than convincing her that you can lane split at 65 mph/100 kph.
Next edit.
After a lot of replies here, we are looking to add a delta speed clause for highways, but that's a much harder sell to the general population.
Along those lines we Will also look into increasing it to 20mph/ 30 kph.
15mph limit meaning no splitting over 15, or no splitting faster than 15mph over traffic?
A hard limit is a no.
15moh over traffic is too high, 10mph over local traffic.
I live in California.
15mph as a limit.
We are trying to use this as a spring board to move forward with higher speeds in the future.
Ok, so maybe.
I'm from California, so my standard are a lot higher.
I think introducing a bill for filtering is a good start.
15 is way too low for the freeway.
If you don’t break the existing rules in CA, i.e.
states retain control to set higher limits (but not lower ones), that seems sound.
LOL so you're proposing a hard limit barely faster than gridlock traffic which you are selling 'as a springboard' to higher limits which would still be lower than where we are currently are since there's no law in CA?
That's the most governmentthink shit I've ever heard.
Please go fuck yourself.
Everyone assumes where this is going to be, and that it's going to lower California current guidelines.
As a lot of people have noticed our bill is based off one in Australia, and so far that speed has worked out fine.
The idea would be more filtering to the front of intersections or splitting through stopped or crawling traffic, not passing between cars going 75.
[deleted]
Say the traffic on the freeway is going 20mph, and you can't go over 15mph when filtering.
So there is no point to filter if you're going to be slower than just staying in the lane, which makes filtering in that situation pointless.
Which Australian law?
I'm in Queensland, and we're allowed to filter up to 30km/h.
Although with saying that, most of us riders consider it as a 30km/h buffer.
(i.e.
speed limit is 100km/h, traffic is going 30km/h, so filter up to 60km/h).
A lot of it also has to do with common sense and not wanting to crash/die.
15mph speed differential sounds fine.
But not 15mph limit.
As long as you're not going more than 15mph faster than traffic you should be able to lane split.
&gt; which is usually caused by an accident or something similar and probably doesn’t need us adding to the problem.
And usually angers car drivers.
From what I've seen, the avg driver is ok with people splitting if its just traffic, but if its dead stopped for an accident or a red light they get angry.
Look, there's a lot of space between 15 and 75, don't be so dramatic.
Do you even filter on CA's clogged freeways?
15 mph is a useless number.
Just as a sanity check, I would recommend driving your car at 15mph to experience what it actually means, Use GPS on your phone to confirm your speed.
It's *really* slow.
Also, I have major concerns with legislation that attempts to "do a little bit at a time".
Modifying or removing existing law seems like it's much harder than adding new policies.
We believe it will be safer to start at 15mph in stopped or slow traffic would be the safest way to get people ready for the sudden change in motorcycles driving past them.
If they started doing this suddenly at 60 mph/100 kmph it could be more jarring and dangerous.
Why are you guys complaining?
15mph is way better than the current 0-3 mph we have currently sitting traffic.
Fair enough.
By the way, get in touch with budman on the bay area riders forum.
He's got a lot of great resources and experience with lane splitting legislation.
Yes it does, that doesn’t make the whole thing useless though it just limits the situations you can split in.
I think you would have a better chance of passing this if you limited it to filtering.
Basically, motorcycles are allowed to get to the front of the line at red lights.
Sure it would be great to have a lane splitting law; however, I think the majority of non-motorcyclist voters wouldn't go for it.
I think implementing a filtering law first would A. get drivers used to have motorcycles between lanes B. be the easiest law to pass in regard to splitting in general.
[deleted]
&gt; We believe it will be safer to start at 15mph in stopped or slow traffic would be the safest way to get people ready for the sudden change in motorcycles driving past them.
If they started doing this suddenly at 60 mph/100 kmph it could be more jarring and dangerous

I'd like to challenge this belief, or at least see some supporting evidence.
It *is indeed intuitive to me* that your belief is correct.
But if traffic engineering has taught me anything, it's that traffic is *very not intuitive*.
Traffic studies of motorcycle accidents show that around 30-40 percent (depending on country) of motorcycle accidents occur under 15 mph/25 kph.
That is what we are starting from and working from there.
All subject to change and adjustment based on feedback.
Where I live (cape cod) it routinely hits stand still for miles at the bridges.
A law like this would be a blessing.
And although I would technically be breaking the law, I could push the boundaries and maybe go 20-25.
I doubt anyone would notice.
Simply allow for 15-20 mph difference, and, say, 40 mph being maximum traffic speed for filtering to be allowed.
And start thinking of introducing mandatory licencing for bigger motorcycles, anything more demanding than figure of 8 on a parking lot - that will help as well (and I'm not even talking about mandatory helmets :))
[deleted]
surely you've experienced that spring boards in politics only exist when creating additional restrictions.
For a differing opinion, I live in Chicago and traffic is constantly going &lt;15 MPH during rush hour.
(It can take 3+ cycles to get through traffic lights.)
This would improve my commute considerably (take it from 45 minutes to 15) and cause me to actually ride to work.
(It's currently faster for me to ride a bicycle to work than a motorcycle).

Summary: 
A hard limit is a no.
That is what we are starting from and working from there.
A law like this would be a blessing.
speed limit is 100km/h, traffic is going 30km/h, so filter up to 60km/h).
I doubt anyone would notice.
I think you would have a better chance of passing this if you limited it to filtering.
15mph limit meaning no splitting over 15, or no splitting faster than 15mph over traffic?
I think introducing a bill for filtering is a good start.
Say the traffic on the freeway is going 20mph, and you can't go over 15mph when filtering.
As long as you're not going more than 15mph faster than traffic you should be able to lane split.
I'm in Queensland, and we're allowed to filter up to 30km/h.
15 is way too low for the freeway.
