Original Response: 
Global has a more in-depth (and slightly less alarmist) story here:  https://globalnews.ca/news/4461315/will-your-cannabis-credit-card-purchases-be-visible-to-u-s-border-officials-some-might-some-wont/

&gt; If you’re able to buy cannabis in person, a debit card is a far better option than a credit card from a privacy point of view, since debit card data is processed and stored in Canada.
(Cash, obviously, is still better than that.)
Cash is the best solution.
This is good for bitcoin.
It's like the credit card companies hate young people.
They are already abandoning credit cards and now there is even more reason to do so.
The government won't ever accept crypto, it threatens their control over the economy.
They won't accept crypto because it doesn't work as a currency.
The prices are way too volatile for now to work as more than an investment.
And the economy itself.
This is good for bitcoin.
It isn't good if you want to call yourself a currency.
Hyperdeflation makes a currency effectively useless.
Nobody who wants to stay solvent will ever accept crypto.
Silver is one of the most volatile commodities, yet it worked as money for hundreds of years.
Volatility decreases as the market size increases, excluding bubbles of course.
But I agree, crypto would be a bad currency, but Venezuela is TRYING to make it work.
Bitcoin is even less private than a credit card, unless you bought it with cash for that one transaction.
Everyone can see your wallet activity, everyone.
Since when are young people abandoning credit cards?
Is this a thing?
Everyone I know has one because it's imperative if you ever want to actually like own anything.
Yep.
Google it.
Only 1/3 of millennials compare to over 1/2 of older people.
This is good for Monero.
this is what pot shops are running with now and, um, "people I know" would never use a credit card for this anyway because of who is watching your credit card usage.
this is good for silk road

wait.
good?
[deleted]
So what?
Buy enough things with that wallet, and perhaps use it at some future pharmacy, or other store that needs ID or a home address... Hell, with enough transactions it becomes as identifiable as a finger print.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Unless each new one is financed by a cash trade then they're all linked.
It's not too hard to see that it is valuable to trace transfers when wallets are used in one off transactions.
The enforcement agency need only walk back the path until they find the fat wallet or cluster of wallets.
It's stupid to not use a credit card for all your purchases.
Even the cheap 1% cash back ones are still 1% cash back.
That's like $200+/year just for buying stuff you're already buying.
^^***that's ^^the ^^joke***
It does work as currency though because it's a ledger that people pay into.
But you are right with the value being volatile.
However it's easy to move and can do international dollar exchanges instantly and for no fee.
I used to export crypto from Canada to Korea to exploit a market difference but it had its limitations.
&gt; Bitcoin is even less private than a credit card.
No.
Just no.
You are cherry-picking for situations where you wouldn't need anonymity.
Absolutely ridiculous argument to make.
What kind of ignoramus takes his anonymous account and uses it in a way that they can be tracked.
JFC.
It's like saying an undercover agent isn't undercover at all if he shows his badge to a criminal.
You're not wrong.. just...
Why would they abandon credit cards?
My credit card pays me when I spend money with it, cash doesn't do that and debit costs money to use at many places.
We pay for it in the end.
Credit card fees are not eaten by retailers.
Which is why you need to get your percent back.
The people not using rewards credit cards are paying too much to subsidize the rest of us.
[deleted]
Go on...
That would make sense since the older you are the more likely you would be to apply for one and secondly I would suspect the older you are the more likely you would have the wealth or credit history to be eligible for one.
This is good for any decentralized currency because they in themselves provide anonymity, and quite a lot of it - especially when compared to a credit card.
You can't hide who you are with a credit card nearly like you can with cryptocurrency.
The comparison is ridiculous and makes the assumption that you declare yourself with identification which is how most Tom, Dick and Harry's got (bought) theirs.
You are absolutely right but even if you pay cash, chances are the retailer is not giving you a deal.
I operate retail store.
At one time charges 4 percent for American Express as that is what American Express charges me.
Got a warning from American Express to cease as they would revolk my credit agreement with them.
Yes that was in the small print in all my credit card companies.
Charge the fees and loose access to taking payment via credit card.
This even applied to giving discounts for passing with cash.
The problem with bitcoin is you have to somehow aquire it without establishing a link to yourself.
Pretty difficult.
And every single transaction is logged and public, forever.
Date and time.
Also, the person you're sending/receiving bitcoin from has to also be completely anonymous, with absolutely no connection to their identity.
Pretty hard if you're buying something from a legitimate business and you're not receiving the goods/services anonymously.
&gt; Venezuela is TRYING to make it work.
To be fair, crypto is far less volatile than Venezuela's past currency.
&gt; Credit card fees are not eaten by retailers.
They are eaten by the people paying cash.
&gt; chances are the retailer is not giving you a deal

They build it in to the price.
Unless you live in Ontario and there are no stores open until April!
Hurray for credit or visa debit being our only options?
I think it's actually because younger people are swimming in student debt and are therefore wary of it.
Older people never got saddled with 1000s of dollars of debt at a young age and therefore fear it less.
I believe it stems from a general fear of debt as a result of student loans.
Maybe, but its what is happening.
A person who wants to use BitCoin to replace cash and credit cards.
Isn't that the stated goal, to replace fiat currencies?
Face it, BitCoin isn't anonymous; other crypto currencies TRY to be, but BitCoin is not and does not.
Yes, just yes.
Those that I make purchases with using a credit card cannot then trace the history of transactions of that card or where the money came from; only those with special access can.
EVERYONE can see wallet activity in the distributed BitCoin ledger.
[deleted]
Go on...
No they're not.
Young people are the hottest new demo for CC's....that's why companies are coming out with cards that target millennials like the new AMEX Cobalt.
Go on /r/personalfinancecanada and tell me young people are losing interest in CC's.
They have turned into a game to get the most rewards.
[https://business.financialpost.com/personal-finance/debt/millennials-are-ditching-credit-cards-and-its-threatening-the-entire-industry](https://business.financialpost.com/personal-finance/debt/millennials-are-ditching-credit-cards-and-its-threatening-the-entire-industry)
True if buying off an exchange that does KYC/AML.
And even then you have wallets like Wasabi that do mixing on every transaction.
Samourai does Stonewall/Ricochet as another mechanism of privacy by default.
On the base layer, privacy is improved by upcoming Schnorr signature and Taproot implementation.
You can avoid exchanges altogether by using a decentralised exchange like Bisq.
Which means if you're not paying with a card back credit card, you're getting ripped off.
If you get 1% back, but the business pays 4% in fees, you are still paying for it.
If you don't get 1% back, but the business increases prices 4% to cover the fees from those who pay with a cash back credit card, you are still paying for it but you're out the 1%.

Summary: 
Credit card fees are not eaten by retailers.
Why would they abandon credit cards?
This is good for bitcoin.
Since when are young people abandoning credit cards?
&gt; Credit card fees are not eaten by retailers.
It's stupid to not use a credit card for all your purchases.
They are eaten by the people paying cash.
&gt; Bitcoin is even less private than a credit card.
It's like the credit card companies hate young people.
Yes that was in the small print in all my credit card companies.
They are already abandoning credit cards and now there is even more reason to do so.
A person who wants to use BitCoin to replace cash and credit cards.
It does work as currency though because it's a ledger that people pay into.
This is good for Monero.
&gt; Venezuela is TRYING to make it work.
Bitcoin is even less private than a credit card, unless you bought it with cash for that one transaction.
