Original Response: 
[deleted]
So?
Many minor parties are free.
This one actually benefits Australians though, unlike the Sex Party.
[removed]
The Sex Party is now called [Reason Australia](https://www.reason.org.au/), but 5/7 for effort.
[removed]
Mate... You had to know the kind of reaction you were going to get here.
No, I thought everyone would be respectful and open minded.
Like they demand in nearly every scenario that they fight for.
Katter has Mr "Final Solution" on the payroll.
Bob stood by him.
There's isn't a respectful or open minded conversation to be had here.
Maybe before Fraser came along there was, but they're basically the North Queensland nazi party now.
On Q&amp;A Bob produced a letter from the main Jewish society in Australia that stated they had NO ISSUE with his choice of words.
"Nazi Party" lmao, go back to your inner city apartment and hide from the problems regional and rural Australians face daily.
You are causing this and preventing progress you filthy latte sipper.
I do live in regional Australia and I'm originally from far west nsw.
So you can put your assumptions back where they came from.
Katter proposes solutions that diminish the humanity of others.
If you've got a solution to a problem that involves targeting people based on a particular legal trait they possess, then it's fascism.
This is politics exploiting your fear.
What are you afraid of?
Is maybe blaming entire societies of people a bit of overkill just because foreigners give you the willies?
I am honestly more afraid of people like you and your borderline sociopathic political views than any refugees.
I am concerned about foreign investment.
But supporting the katter party to try and do something about is like burning down your house to kill a spider.
I make my own coffee too btw and I'm damn good at it.
[removed]
[deleted]
I'm sorry :(

Summary: 
I am concerned about foreign investment.
What are you afraid of?
Many minor parties are free.
Katter has Mr "Final Solution" on the payroll.
