Original Response: 
Sometimes i picture Conor in a dark room sitting behind a desk pulling alnighters as he shuffles through pages of background info regarding his opponents and those around them.
The shit you learn about a fighter and company thats facing Conor is crazy.
When Conor retires he might as well open a school and start teaching.
He’s got the bulletin board with red strings connecting pictures and he just sits and stares at it with a Cuban and a glass of Proper 12.
The direct competitor to Jameson.
Whos Pepe Silva?
as he takes his third sip of proper 12, the direct competitor to jamesor, he realizes something.
fookin' shit aye, ali has a son!
Ya Id love to see all the Tabs he has open.
I bet a lot of it is everyone wants to tell the champ something interesting so he hears tons of shit.
I just pictured Anderson Silva making the Pepe frog face....
So I walk down to HR, CAROL, CAROL!!
!
it's fucking weird!
it's like he's spilling the beans on all the shit no one is supposed to say!
next time the story about woodley fucking cerrone's girlfriend will be spilled!
Conor.... money money monet!
Or he can hire a PI, throw a few racks at them.
What's 20gs worth of private info when you're making millions?
Untill recently I didn't know that "pepe Silvia" was Charlie's dyslexic take on "Pennsylvania" which was written on all those letters.
Urijah Faber's story about the tj thing was crazy.
Conor was able to spot TJ trouble like a hawk can spot a mouse from the sky.
Urijah only told him about issues with the striking coach Dwayne.
Its the fight game.
Everyone trains with someone that knows everyone else.
A lot of people want to be in good terms with the ufcs biggest drawl.
Im sure these are all gym rumors that people say to Conor just so they have something to say to Conor.
&gt; He’s got the bulletin board

[TRASHTALK BOARD.
TRASHTALK BOARD.
TRASHTALK BOARD.]
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpTFcVQOTqI)
Conor used to talk shit on MMA forums this isn't that crazy.
I'm pretty sure rat in the cage was very easy to find if you look up Ali.

Summary: 
The direct competitor to Jameson.
fookin' shit aye, ali has a son!
&gt; He’s got the bulletin board

[TRASHTALK BOARD.
I just pictured Anderson Silva making the Pepe frog face....
