Original Response: 
[deleted]
Uninspired, uncreative and untalented man makes a judgement on another man with all of those attributes who runs 5 companies at the same time.
[deleted]
Being part time CEO of five companies is great.
How’s it working out for Tesla?
Pretty great despite the negative media / stock attention.
Fantastic in every single way except stock prices and media "opinions."
The level of delusion in here is impressive.
Since you are an internet warrior here, how would you run it?
By all means, clue us in how you would run the company.
[deleted]
&gt; Fantastic in every single way except stock prices and media "opinions."
Every part of this sentence is wrong.
They're not profitable (BY A LONG SHOT), their stock price is the one thing that is doing well, and the media loves Tesla.
Well done.
&gt; How’s it working out for Tesla?
Best car on the market imo and a lot of others, I don't know many young people that don't want one, and that would make it the first car that is that desired as a dream car with that low of a price tag.
As a start: 

1.
I’d avoid using illegal drugs while being filmed and acting as a representative for the company, it’s directors, employees, and major institutional investors

2.
I wouldn’t attempt to defraud investors by claiming I’ve secured a deal to take the company private when I hadn’t 

3.
I wouldn’t constantly engage in heated Twitter battles with the media

4.
I wouldn’t publicly accuse someone of being a pedophile without offering some sort of evidence

5.
I’d stop making grand promises about production volume, pricing, and product quality unless I knew I could deliver on them.
Great, how many successful multi million dollar companies have you ran?
A guy whose entire job is to evaluate companies and their future performance comes up with a negative outlook for Tesla, and you call the guy “uninspired, uncreative, and untalented”.
Yet, [he’s had an average return of over 15% per rating in the past year and ranks 405 out of 11,497 in the listed Wall Street experts](https://www.tipranks.com/analysts/romit-shah).
I think I’ll trust the advice of the expert over the Musk fan who uses Trumpesque insults to try to discredit anyone with a negative outlook on Tesla.
TIL only sucesssful businessman can post on /r/business.
Tell me about your qualifications.
Many successful years running the internet [proof](https://afinde-production.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/Imagination.png).
Uhh...
They are aiming to be profitable this year, and by all accounts will succeed in doing so.
Sooo..... What are you saying?
Would you though?
I think you woulda burned out years ago if you were in elons shoes.
I agree his behavior is hurting the company, but one has to recognize the absurd stress he has been under for years.
Where’s the math to back up your statement?
Where is the math to back up yours?
Elon said profitable in q3, and production/sales are generally meeting expectations now from what ive heard.
So i think the burden is on you to prove your claim.
Your math is Elon said?
OK, we’re done here.
literally first result in google: https://ftalphaville.ft.com/2018/08/15/1534305600000/Tesla--getting-to-Q3-profitability/

TLDR they think the Q3 results will be approx + or - 250 million.
which, taking the OPs comment into account, means that even if they aren't profitable, its not by "A LONG SHOT".
Take the worse case -250 million, that's still a trivial amount to overcome to be profitable in the following quarter.
So you are welcome for doing what you could have done trivially yourself if you were at all interested in learning the real answer and not just trying to be a smarmy dick on the internet for no good reason.
fuck off.
And you're doing WHAT for the world besides suction up value created by other people...?
What is your comment even trying to say?
You’re in r/business, but it seems like you don’t even have the most basic understanding of how the stock market works.
Without equity investment, there would be extremely limited growth opportunity for companies which include Tesla.
Analysts like this guy do their best to make sure a company is accurately valued, which aids the stock holder looking for an investment on his/her return on the small-scale, and helps the efficiency of the market in accurately pricing the value of companies on a large-scale.
It’s puzzling how you think this equates to sucking up value created by other people.
Actually there is a good argument to be made that Tesla stock has long been overblown and overbought.
Musk himself has made remarks about how the stock price was not entirely realistic.
That means it can fall quite a ways and still be a good catch for investors that use value as a metric instead of recent media hype.
The herb is legal, attempts to take companies private fall through all the time for all kinds of reasons, Twitter is silly so that is a wash, accusations are common enough to be uninteresting without evidence, company leaders often make grandiose predictions about future events.
You might have some good points to make, but those five have limited if any relevance.
He hasn’t been under absurd stress for years.
He claimed he could ship the model 3 in 2017.
He did.
30 handbuilt units as they ramped up production to “production hell”.
&gt; don't know many young people that don't want one

Do you know any?
Lel at the arrogance here.
You're claiming to have intimate knowledge about whether or not a CEO has a stressful life or not?
This is incredible.
I live in Silicon Valley where everyone wants a  Tesla.
The dads of two of my son’s HS classmates a couple years ago quit their exec jobs, said Musk was impossible to work for.
He’s going to have a difficult time attracting top talent, life’s too short to work for an asshole.
...I hate to break it to you, but if you are working in corporate America, there's a good chance that's the environment you are in.
Worked for 9 of em in a row at my last job in just 3.5 years.
The executive turnover was practically a turnstyle.
&gt; He’s going to have a difficult time attracting top talent, life’s too short to work for an asshole.
Steve Jobs was an asshole, too.
Somehow Apple did well after he came back to the company.
Steve Jobs was nuts as well.
Had breakdowns and crying fits.
I think these super ceo type men need to be nuts to be where they are.
Or more like their success is a by product of their craziness.
The difference is that when Jobs ranted about something, he was usually right.
Like the time he was right about diet curing his cancer.
Yeah, thought he was smarter than the medical profession.
Silicon Valley is a little bit different.
The most common mantra here nowadays is "Mean people fail".
Being abrasive along the way to producing excellence can work out as Steve Jobs showed, but Travis Kalanick of Uber and Elizabeth Homes of Theranos are two examples of how corporate players tend to get ejected when they play rough even if their moves generate success.
I suppose, but you might also argue that Tesla isn't really a Silicon Valley entity any longer.
They have offices in SV, sure, but they also have their Gigafactory in Vegas, and they sell cars globally.
They've broken out of SV, and are operating far wider.
Whether you agree with that or not, what is absolutely true is that his behavior is *erratic* but not *mean*.
He does some patently dumb shit, and as a Tesla owner, and a dude without a neckbeard, I feel totally comfortable saying that.
:)     He needs to knock it off and focus on innovating more and talking less.
Like many people, he needs to get the hell off Twitter too -- it's making him stupid.
Dude comes up with some amazing tech, but none of that makes him a great spokesman or CEO.
He should realize that, and put a frontman / frontwoman into that spot and go back to making cool shit.
Unfortunately, events in his past have jaded him to him not being in the driver's seat, so I kinda get it.
It's a catch 22.
All the top Tesla engineers are in the Valley.
There is no major engineering work going on at the Vegas factory.
At a surface level what you say makes sense, but in reality Elon is kicking ass as an annoying nutcase and you are on reddit recommending he be more sensible.
There is an argument to be made that your need to get off reddit and go do something is far greater than Elon's need to conform to your comfort zone boundaries.
Eh, in the end, I actually don't care as long as he keeps innovating.
Keep rattling the shitty auto industry that continues to make the same old same old.
Keep rattling the space industry that relies on rockets from Russia to make NASA fly.
Keep rattling the solar industry until panels are on every roof, but more importantly are radically more efficient than the 15-17% that is the norm, or the 22% at the top end for PV.
Keep making batteries that don't suck.
If being a complete nutbag gets it done, so be it.
I'll be over here driving my rainbow farting Model 3 in oil-addicted North Texas.
:)

Summary: 
How’s it working out for Tesla?
&gt; How’s it working out for Tesla?
Steve Jobs was an asshole, too.
Keep making batteries that don't suck.
Steve Jobs was nuts as well.
I live in Silicon Valley where everyone wants a  Tesla.
All the top Tesla engineers are in the Valley.
Being part time CEO of five companies is great.
Your math is Elon said?
Many successful years running the internet [proof](https://afinde-production.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/Imagination.png).
He hasn’t been under absurd stress for years.
Like many people, he needs to get the hell off Twitter too -- it's making him stupid.
By all means, clue us in how you would run the company.
I think you woulda burned out years ago if you were in elons shoes.
Somehow Apple did well after he came back to the company.
I agree his behavior is hurting the company, but one has to recognize the absurd stress he has been under for years.
