Original Response: 
[removed]
she manipulated you and is trickle truthing you.
she will continue to for as long as you let her.
its up to you whether you want to deal with that for life or not.
Yeah, I'm leaning pretty heavily towards no to that life, haha.
your only 25 my man, which in my opinion is way too young to be married to begin with.
you are young, you wont be forever, you have plenty of time to find someone else.
Haha yeah, I feel like I'm a fucking statistic; high school sweethearts, married too young, torn apart by infidelity.
i personally believe the best way to learn is the hard way mate.
They are statistics for a reason - it’s a common occurrence, nothing to feel ashamed of.
Better that it happens now rather than when you’re 35 or 45.
Make a clean break, spend a bit of time recovering and getting to know yourself as a single adult, then get back out there.
Very true.
Yeah people grow and change and relationships get challenged.
People want to see what else is out there.
When trust is broken then it's tough to continue.
Ask me.
I found out my ex had been fucking people over the years.
Trust was broken.
End of story.
Yep - she is manipulative and untrustworthy.
Love or not is that the type of partner you want/need ?
I got married at 20.
I'm still married to her with 3 children.
Both of us have been faithful to the other.
It's respect, communication, compromise and most importantly unconditional love and understanding.
In my marriage, those are the ingredients for our success so far.
It's sounds cliche, but she really does make me a better person.
I'm 32 btw.
Yeah man, if u r not okay with this lifestyle u guys should split.
Cause it wont get better, if she wants to be open, she will, and even if u force her to stop, that wont make anyone happy.
I got married at 21!
And I thought we had all of that too, but it was just a one way street I guess.
I'm really happy for you guys, honestly.
Keep it up!
&gt; unconditional love

Would you still love your wife if she behaved like OP's?
Love is of course the most important thing of all in a relationship, but it comes with a bunch of conditions, unfortunately.
dont worry i understand, my parents have been happily married since their early 20s also and still going strong 30 years later, i know it can happen but its a rare occurance.
It's not as rare as you'd think.
You just hear about the failed relationships more than you do the good ones.
My wife and I met in Junior High School and have been married now for 33 years with 6 kids and 2 grandsons.
The reason our relationship is still going strong is the absolute trust we have in each other.
Without trust, there is no relationship.
I'm so sorry you're going through this, but this is not your fault.
She is the dishonest cheater.
And once that trust is broken, it's almost impossible to get it back.
Just remember that if you decide to ride this out, it will almost definitely happen again.
Ask yourself if you can handle that.
If not, it might be time to bail while you're still young.
Ty.
We both are very happy with our relationship and realize were not done growing and learning.
I'm so sorry all of this sounds just terrible.
And it sucks to feel like a statistic.
But if it makes a difference, I think it's pretty clear that you were capable and prepared to work for the relationship in the long haul.
In talking about my relationship.
It was a response to what dude said about being married young.
And yes.
Love doesn't have an on/off switch unfortunately.
Life would be easier if it did.
Smart move, hurt is something you have to deal with in life, sometimes in a situation as such, dont let it destroy you just try to grow from it, there's Tons more to do in life after this, remember that... it always seems to help me stay positive and stand up for myself.
I have been there, married too young and then divorced when I was 32.
Because he cheated and lied about it.
Even when I found out he tried to minimise it, not giving me the whole picture.
I think the temptation became too much for him, since I was his first girlfriend.
I can understand being curious about other people.
I felt so myself!
I could have lived with an open relationship.
But not with the lies, from the person who was supposed to be my other half, my most trusted person.
He should have had the spine to be honest.
So should your wife.
If your partner does not have that, there is no longer any trust between you and then what is left?...
I’m sorry.
I could have lived with an open relationship as well, if it was built on honesty and trust like I foolishly thought it was.
I'm sorry you went through this too.
Im this exact statistic, but now I’m 2 years post divorce.
And a million percent happier.
Don’t be afraid of changing everything you know just to stay with this person, do what is best for YOU.
Better to recognize it now.
You're young.
Take a day.
Then call a divorce lawyer.
That's encouraging to hear, thank you!
I never married my high school girlfriend but we had a baby together and tbh the best decision I ever made was leaving her.
Found my now wife less than a year later and now I'm happier than ever.
Drifting apart after years together sucks but it happens quite frequently.
I stuck around with my wife after her cheating.
I regret it some days.
I wonder what kind of relationship I could have with trust being back in the equation sometimes.
It’s been three years and I don’t think I’ll ever heal all the way back.
God damn, I'm sorry man.
You deserve better too!
!
Different people are in different places at different times.
Some people are ready to be married at 20, some won't be til they're 30, some are never ready.
End it man.
She's cheated and manipulating you.
You can do and deserve better.
Best of luck.
Take care of yourself.
To add to the successful young marriages stories- my husband and I met at 13, started dating at 15, and got married at 21.
There is nothing but absolute faith and trust, communication and (strive for) understanding.
Relationships require mutual work and desire for betterment.
Without that bedrock, there's not much building up to be had, unfortunately.
If OPs wife loved him unconditionally, she wouldn't have had to stray from the relationship to find something he wasn't providing her.
hugs to you, op.
can't see [deleted] but I also wouldnt trust the caliber of responses you're getting here; personally, I think the comitment of marriage requires at least 1 trip to a therapist's office for some hard evaluation before pulling the plug.
that said, i've been in a toxic relationship before, and you know when you know.
heart felt hug to you, and good luck.
pm if you want, xo.

Summary: 
Without trust, there is no relationship.
I got married at 20.
I got married at 21!
I regret it some days.
I can understand being curious about other people.
I could have lived with an open relationship.
I have been there, married too young and then divorced when I was 32.
I'm sorry you went through this too.
In talking about my relationship.
I stuck around with my wife after her cheating.
You can do and deserve better.
I found out my ex had been fucking people over the years.
I'm still married to her with 3 children.
Better to recognize it now.
I'm so sorry all of this sounds just terrible.
I'm so sorry you're going through this, but this is not your fault.
