Original Response: 
So I thought it was time to start raiding.
I've been putting it off because I heard horror stories about the raiding community with words like "elitism" and "gatekeeping" thrown around but it couldn't be that bad, right?
Plus, I do dungeons and fractals a lot and pretty easily too so it shouldn't even be that hard, right?
WELL

Day 1 - Since Spirit Vale is the first raid, I figured that'd be the best place to start.
In order to create a chill environment, I started my own squad instead of joining someone else's, made sure to include "All welcome" in the lfg to hopefully reduce the amount of un-chill doods.
The avengers eventually assemble and we get the ball rolling.
It all goes well, we got to the first boss and took it down in 3 tries.
It was a lot of fun too.
Group was awesome and everyone just showed up to have a good time.
It seems my plan worked, unfortunately, I later found out I just got lucky with this bunch.
After the first boss, everyone leaves, and I mean EVERYONE.
I was confused, I thought "What's the point of doing a raid, if you only do one boss?
Why even bother if you're not going to do the whole thing?
", little did I know, that's just how things are done, apparently.
So I manage to round up another squad, we get the ball rolling but....

Halfway to the second boss, the raid stops dead in it's tracks.
Everyone leaves, the commander stays to tell me the raid failed because of me.
He points out that I don't that I don't have an elite spec, after explaining that I like using the base class, he just says "You can play what you want but no one will take you seriously.
Do go your hero points and come back.
I don't ever want to see you in a raid off-meta again."
I could tell he meant well but I found the whole encounter very off-putting.
He was probably right but I liked my build and I knew it inside and out, I didn't want to change it.
After failing to gather more squad members late at night, I decide one boss kill will have to be enough for me and gave up on finishing the raid.
I considered it the day a failure at the time, but little did I know, this was the closest to success I'll ever get.
Day 2 - I don't have PoF but I noticed the new mystic forge raid allowed me to enter anyway.
I giggled and decided to take advantage of this.
Got a squad together and after explaining my situation, the local mesmer portal'd me over the gap.
We put in a good effort, came close but after the 4th try, everyone left.
One guy stuck around to offer to buy me PoF, I declined his offer, but he wasn't having it, invited me to his guild, sent me 250 gold and refused to take it back.
I felt so bad for taking it but this guy was seriously just too nice.
Awesome guy.
Sadly, we couldn't find any more members and the day ended in failure but I just couldn't be mad.
Shoutouts to him.
Day 3 - Tried Mythwright Gambit again, this time, I didn't even care about completing the raid, I'd be happy with a single kill.
Got a squad together and unfortunately, got a less than patient commander.
"Base mesmer..."

I knew it was going to be a rough night.
We tried once, wiped.
"Mesmer, the chronos are out damaging you.
Step it up, bud"
I was about to say that I was sorry and that I'd try to do better, but then it turned into a less than friendly statement.
"This is your last chance"
Well, I did step it up, we cut through the boss like butter this time, we got really close but one of our shield people didn't save shield for the clap and wiped.
I was feeling pretty good, I thought about typing "How was that?"
but thought it might be best not to piss off the person who threatened to kick me from my own squad a moment ago.
But, SOMEHOW, I was still the problem.
I guess base mesmer makes you an easy target or something but it's beyond bizarre to me that one person makes a mistake but I take the blame for it.
"Why are you using boon food?"
one member says
"What build are you?"
another inquires
"Must be something op" another answers for me
"Why are we letting him in our group?"
another asks
"Just kick him and get chrono" one suggests
"Mesmer, I thought you said you knew the fight?"
the commander asks

I stayed quiet, I really didn't know what to say.
The next fight started, we wiped again.
Commander ragequits, "Learn mechanics next time, this is a big meme"

I had no idea what to make of that disaster.
I know I was doing the fight correctly, but I got the blame for it because of my build.
Couldn't get more members, called it a night.
Day 3 ended in failure.
Day 4 - The bug that allowed me to enter Mythwright Gambit had been fixed, I shrugged and did a different raid.
Got a squad together, and unfortunately, I got more folks with sticks up their asses.
"Hey, you know that this guy is base mesmer, right?"
"Is he an alt?"
"A guildie or a friend of someone?"
"Not an alt, not a friend"
"Base mesmer, you better not get us killed"

Right off the bat, they hated me.
I knew I was in for a bad time.
The fight starts and the worst thing that could have possibly happened, happened.
I disconnected.
"Base mesmer left as soon as the fight started" one person said
"I DC'd" I respond

Second attempt started, wiped again.
I was the last man standing though and I held my own against the boss fight a good 10 seconds.
So here I am, impressed with myself thinking that showed I was a good ally for surviving longer than anyone else.
See, that's what I thought, but they still found a way to blame it on me and kicked me from my own squad that I put together.
The squad that said "Chill run - All welcome".
I was pissed.
Getting kicked from my own squad was the last straw, I was done.
But I thought, there was no way, I was ending the day on that note, I needed a kill.
So I attempted the one thing I KNEW I could beat: Vale Guardian.
Got the squad together and they ended up being the most chill, awesome group ever.
I don't know how many times we attempted it but we came very close on each attempt and were having a good time all the way.
See, this is how the game should be: fun, so don't make it terrible for others because they aren't "good enough" for you.
We had one member witha  stick up his ass, he wasn't happy witht he way we were doing things.
So one person tells him "You need to understand pugs won't be as organized.
If you can't handle that, don't do pugs"

He left in a huff and we continued on.
New guy was really nice and played music for us while we waited for one of our guys to come back online.
Our commander who was a total bro, eventually had to call it a night.
We replace him with a chronomancer who we called "The Goddess" because she seemed to have everything our group lacked, quite literally an answer to our prayers.
The fight starts and unfortunately, I'm thrown out of bounds and die instantly.
I didn't even know that was a thing that could happen.
But the goddess pulled through and we managed the kill.
Everyone laughed and said my sacrifice gave them the power to win.
I had such a good time, I wasn't even mad, I loved these guys; they were the best group I've ever had.
I considered the day a success.
Everyone leaves in good spirits.
Those guys were awesome, though the goddess whispered me "Play another class next time".
So I guess things could have gone very differently had we failed the kill with her.
Conclusion: While those guys were really nice and the perfect group, I have good reason to believe I was extremely lucky to have an entire squad of chill doods and that in reality people like that are few and far between.
Like I said, getting kicked from my own squad was really the last straw and the nail in the coffin.
I felt really disrespected and I wager that's not even the worst of it.
So with my two successful runs, I had an awesome time and my last run was made so good by the people I shared it with but I think it has to be just that, my last run.
I play games to have fun, those guys understood that but unfortunately, most don't and make the experience very un-fun.
I've seen for myself that all those horror stories are true and aren't just the worst of the worst, this actually seems to be quite common.
It sucks that this is now content I'll never experience but it's just not worth it.
Thus ends the adventures of a first-time raider, now and forever.
Mesmer main here

What build are you playing?
I assume it's a damage build, so Power or Condi?
In case of power: You should really try the Chrono DPS build, that's a lot more damage, even if you don't change your rotation at all (Bc phantasms attack twice before turning into clones), and then you could slowly try to move to the Chrono DPS rotation.
In case of condi: I don't really know how good Condi Mesmer is right now, but lots of your DPS is based on confusion, so don't trust ppl saying "Your DPS is worse than our tank's", bc they don't see your confusion damage in the third party DPS meter (Known bug, has been in the meter since release, no way to fix it yet)


Back to your post: No, it's not usual practice to disband after one boss, most groups try to find ppl for an entire wing, maybe you phrased your LFG wrong?
Or it didn't go fast enough for some ppl, so they left, which led to snowballing.
Mythwright is new, so there's no real "Meta tactic" yet, maybe they used a slightly different strat than you assumed?
There are ppl who place the shields in the middle during the "scrap oneshot" attack, and some go to the right side and stack there bc then you only need two ppl with shields in the second phase (One for the scrap oneshot, and one for the clap after the burst phase)

Sadly, many ppl are quite elitist, and there are close to no "free" teach runs.
I'm trying my best to change that, but I'm only a small tank in a huge community of toxic pseudo elitists, so I don't think my actions alone will have much impact

If you wanna try raiding again, you can poke my at any time, I'll try to help wherever I can.
&gt; In case of condi: I don't really know how good Condi Mesmer is right now, but lots of your DPS is based on confusion, so don't trust ppl saying "Your DPS is worse than our tank's", bc they don't see your confusion damage in the third party DPS meter (Known bug, has been in the meter since release, no way to fix it yet)

whaaaaaaaaat?
seriously?
it doesnt counted at all?
or its counted wrongly?
fck ive never heard about that.
Arcdps only shows the base tick in logs and for other players, bc it doesn't register the "ticks" of confusion if you don't do them yourself.
It is definitely shown correctly in your own personal live benchmark ("Area stats" window).
I'm not 100% sure about the following, but I THINK that arcdps shows it correctly (In the live benchmark) for other ppl if they are also playing a class that has 100% confusion uptime, like Mesmer or CEngi.
That's why the benchmark on Raidar for scepter Mirage sucks like hell, bc ~50% of the scepter DPS is confusion

Edit: Clarification on the "other players" sentence.
Personal stats displays it correctly however the he standard area stats does not afaik.
I hope Area Stats shows the real numbers, bc I'm always top DPS at confusion heavy bosses (Talking about my static, and these ppl definitely know their job) xD.
thanks for explanation ill try to check it with my friend on golem later.
sounds very intertaining since im just about to learn mirage.
golem never attacks so you wont notice it there.
You'll need to give it a try on an actual boss.
You can add me on GW2 (Nightara.1804) and ask me anything regarding mesmer at anytime, I'm always happy to help other players \^\^
Nope.
Last week I was trying scepter mirage on SH.
Area stats had me at around 20k, personal window was almost 40k.
&gt; Arcdps only shows the base tick in logs and for other players, bc it doesn't register the "ticks" of confusion if you don't do them yourself.
Not quite, but close.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=trnJyiwI4GU

Arc will show confusion properly on some of the bosses, but not all.
The reason there is few "free" teach runs is simply that LFG/PUGs work very poorly for that.
Like even for new boss, like in mythwrigth, haft the group leave after 2-3 wipes, very hard to practice and make progress that way.
But plenty training guilds/discords, crossroads inn on EU servers, for example.

Summary: 
I knew I was in for a bad time.
I considered the day a success.
So I thought it was time to start raiding.
I was confused, I thought "What's the point of doing a raid, if you only do one boss?
I know I was doing the fight correctly, but I got the blame for it because of my build.
"Mesmer, the chronos are out damaging you.
I didn't even know that was a thing that could happen.
I giggled and decided to take advantage of this.
I don't ever want to see you in a raid off-meta again."
Group was awesome and everyone just showed up to have a good time.
I assume it's a damage build, so Power or Condi?
But, SOMEHOW, I was still the problem.
"Base mesmer..."

I knew it was going to be a rough night.
"Hey, you know that this guy is base mesmer, right?"
Getting kicked from my own squad was the last straw, I was done.
I was feeling pretty good, I thought about typing "How was that?"
one member says
"What build are you?"
Everyone leaves in good spirits.
Last week I was trying scepter mirage on SH.
