Original Response: 
I think the passive buff thing is lame, but I'm glad to see them doing stuff like this and the 'No Down State' week.
I'd like to see stuff like "No arrow carts" or some kind of debuff for having too many players on one team in a specific radius.
Commander tags disabled in WvW.
Whatever.
The possibilities are endless and would do a lot to make a stale game mode (I say that as an almost exclusive WvW player) more interesting.
I want to see Social Awkwardness week(end).
*based on the old social awkwardness where ever second it did damage to any allied player within so many units of you*
We've actually talked about it, though mostly jokingly.
It's likely too expensive a mechanic in a WvW setting.
&gt; We've actually talked about it, though mostly jokingly.
With the amount of complaints about zergs over the years I have no doubt many ideas to address those have been thrown at the wall, both serious and mostly joking.
&gt; It's likely too expensive a mechanic in a WvW setting.
No doubt, probably even with the 5 or 10 player limit that I am sure would be the absolute maximum you would even attempt.
Adding an aoe on a small timer to every single player in the instance certainly is not a well scaling mechanic in terms of total interactions.
But its fun to dream about what could be.
I would especially like to see if anyone attempts to build a team composition around just haling through it.
That will be fine.
Evading blobbing and zerging is interesting.
Just do it anyway, even for a weekend.
&gt; It's likely too expensive a mechanic in a WvW setting.
Can't there be a cheaper workaround that's similar enough?
Like, dunno, say, splitting the map into larger tracking squares/cubes, and counting the amount of players in them by pulling their coordinates, and then triggering some "Unstable Mists" AoE in an area when too many players gather there?
:P.
Lag isn't fun.
And yet, the zergs...
That's actually pretty funny: kill one kind of lag with another.
Down here we all lag Billy...
Ideally we should have mechanics that don't reward trolls.
[deleted]
Add WvW collision, what could go wrong?
Haha xD.
"Finisher only" gambit please.
Fractals do 😄.
Friendly fire weekend, do it!
hahaaaaa^AAA^AAAAAAA!
They could, in theory, just use the existing regions that the map is split into, or perhaps even subdivide them a bit further, but if you take that route the sweet spot between "everyone's game crashes from the processing requirements" and "playing in a large group becomes literally impossible" becomes extremely narrow, if it exists at all.
WvW is my favorite thing to do in GW2.
I'm nearing 5,000 hours and I honestly only log in to represent my realm nowadays.
As a long time WvWer, I really *really* don't care about these bonuses.
I'm still patiently waiting for new features to be added to this game mode, or at the very least, some form of news or update from Anet on what their future plan is for WvW.
tl;dr
**I would trade all these bonuses in for just a word or two from the developers on what their plan is for this game mode.
**
I guess you missed this: https://en-forum.guildwars2.com/discussion/26547/world-restructuring.
Thats from February.
The WvW team has been restructured since then, so its not clear if goals are the same.
There was an update in July.
https://en-forum.guildwars2.com/discussion/45856/world-restructuring-update-1.
I've been wondering this for a while, and you being an avid WvW player means you're a great person to ask: would Desert Borderlands work if you were able to mount up?
People hate the because they are so large, but I think they could fix it by letting mounts work there, I just don't have the WvW experience to back up that claim.
people don't hate it just because it's so large, they hate it due to the amount of bugs still present, uncounterable siege placement, the stupid fucking smokescreen in the better open field locations.
Along with all the hills that break line of sight or just flat out kill (yes it can still happen) you from walking down them the map is just a nightmare.
\^ As well as frequent leaks in the WvW developer livestreams every Thursday.
/u/Oneiric19 you can have both!
Mounts wouldn't change much of anything really.
It would help you get to the action quicker but would allow people to easily run away as well.
Most people that I've heard talk about mounts are casual players.
The more hardcore players want to stay far away from mounts and still find gliding pretty lame since you can just glide away when things aren't 100% in your favor.
I personally wish they made it so you can't glide while in combat.
The bigger problem with desert bl is that fighting on it is terrible.
When I've led zergs and followed my guild, you're literally finding better places to fight before engaging.
There are way too many chokes, steep hills (which don't work well with a lot of skills because of how the combat system works), and cliffs.
The terrain is just terrible.
There are some servers, like Maguuma, that will literally let you cap the entire map because they hate it so much.
My guild is personally on it more and more though because there are always so many PPT commanders out there that its easy to get bags.
They don't expect a fight and half of them port to spawn when we show up anyways which can be frustrating.
really?
i missed some stuff to do you know when sey sad something?
:D.
No we really hate it because it is to large, the rest are just annoyance.
&lt;3.
I think a bit of update from a post over 7 months old is a reasonable request.
There was an update in July.
I linked it in one of the other replies.
Restructuring is still being worked on.
We are looking for some low hanging fruit and quality of life/convenience improvements in the mean time.
Sounds good, thank you kindly for responding to the community!
&lt;3.
Thank you for the response!
As a longtime WvW player who has drifted away from WvW, the alliance system is something I'm extremely excited about.
I hope you guys can deliver it.
I think choosing your allies will help unlock meaningful matchups.
No most of you don't have a clue why you hate it, but it's a lot worse than "too large".
Alpine maps and EB were designed - in the past - to promote healthy interaction between two sides.
Unfortunately it didn't work out fully, and over time this design philosophy was also lost.
You want a natural "progression" of difficulty of objectives, so even tho 2 groups have different strengths, they go from one objective to the next each time being more difficult until both attackers and defenders have a good chance to "win".
But instead with the siege spam and upgraded defenses, we get shit like T3 SM every day so there's no progress.
You jsut instantly hit a "wall" of a very strong defensive that cant be flipped.
That's also desert bl.
Keeps upgrade fast and are very hard to get into, and very easy to defend.
They're decent to fight inside, but still.
Also if you flip an objective, it doesn't mean the next one is easier or harder.
I find T3 garri on desert easier than T3 air keep, by a long shot.
The "design" of garri doesn't promote say, defenders from garri and attackers from fire keep side fighting over shit.
T3 alpine nowadays is the same - but in the past T3 south alpine keeps were a LOT more rare.
T3 sm was a LOT more rare.
And that's what you need.
Desert bl as a whole is very inbalanced, relatively unhealthy and shoudl be deleted.
But EOTM style ktrainers like to hide there when they get bullied on other maps; and so do pve heroes and since they have pretty high numbers it won't happen.
Even if it screws them the most in the long run.
5,000 hours and you say realm instead of server :(
[deleted]
I think i am fairly sure over what is wrong with the red border.
How ever i was not in the mood to write a long answer to why i don't like red border i just wanted to make fun over it.
But if i would write such post it will have about 50 more points then those you made :P

Regardless though i totally agree that the red map should be deleted  it is a punishment for the team who have it and many players don't even log in during the week your server is red because of it.
Isn't it called world in game?
[deleted]
You mean world?
&gt; would allow people to easily run away as well.
Would it?
Can't mount while in combat.
If someone can get far enough to drop combat then the mount wouldn't have made much difference.
I agree there's a lot more about red that's pretty awful.
For now this is my biggest issue, but that's mostly from comm perspective.
I usually like writing actual walls of text, but i had AG/GH friends to farm ;)
The problem I see more and more prominent is that commanders won't even bother taking on fights they don't think they can win.
There are a couple on NA servers known for running around maps and not really doing anything despite having more or an even amount of players ready to fight.
Mounts I think would go both ways.
You'd have people already on mounts and ready to run away and others ready to click it at the commander's call.
If he/she says to run, everyone would mount up and then you'd have the Kentucky Derby with a zerg chasing another zerg while everyone is on mounts.
I could see them potentially making it easier to defend though.
Walls and gates would still take time to bring down so ambush attacks of you getting there quickly would help but not as much as one would think.
Then you have the enemy come in to save the tower/keep/castle and they have mounts too.
Since you probably wouldn't be able to mount in combat, you'd be screwed if the enemy zerg came in mounted up because you wouldn't be able to move fast enough to get into position for the fight.
Keep in mind, these are just my personal thoughts and I could be wrong.
I'm personally against adding mounts to WvW but I wouldn't mind a week of testing to see how it actually plays out.
springers only, if Anet won't give us a week without gates springers would be the next best thing.
@Jonanet, is it possible to actually fix Shadow Trap and Ambush Trap?
You speak of QoL convenience improvements but I find several unacknowledged threads regarding the two.
I would love to discuss the other skills' issues and the latter if you or another team member are willing.
!
btw happy cake day!
&gt;still find gliding pretty lame since you can just glide away when things aren't 100% in your favor.
I personally wish they made it so you can't glide while in combat.
THIS, OMG  
You get into a fight with the enemy team and the second they start losing they just jump off their tower/keep and glide away.
Server is more technical while realm is more immersive.
As maguuma player.
Can confirm, if you show up to contest i think theres basically one guild thatll fight it out for red bl.
The rest of us wait for any downtime in the enemy presence there to retake things.
When I said "we", I mean ArenaNet.
I wouldn't be the guy fixing any thief skills, so I can't comment on them, sadly :-( But any such conversation on the skills should probably take place on the forums, rather than reddit.
Thanks!
Happy cake day!
thanks, however the forums' posts go unread as far as my topics go on the thief skills, at least i tried here.
I'd love to see some love for siege golems, they were what got me into WvW five years ago.
Now all anyone wants to do is catapult.
alright thanks :D.

Summary: 
Can't mount while in combat.
Mounts I think would go both ways.
I linked it in one of the other replies.
I guess you missed this: https://en-forum.guildwars2.com/discussion/26547/world-restructuring.
I hope you guys can deliver it.
I personally wish they made it so you can't glide while in combat.
It's likely too expensive a mechanic in a WvW setting.
I want to see Social Awkwardness week(end).
Restructuring is still being worked on.
I agree there's a lot more about red that's pretty awful.
Even if it screws them the most in the long run.
&gt; It's likely too expensive a mechanic in a WvW setting.
WvW is my favorite thing to do in GW2.
When I said "we", I mean ArenaNet.
There was an update in July.
Keep in mind, these are just my personal thoughts and I could be wrong.
I think i am fairly sure over what is wrong with the red border.
I could see them potentially making it easier to defend though.
Commander tags disabled in WvW.
&gt; would allow people to easily run away as well.
Mounts wouldn't change much of anything really.
