Original Response: 
I am a theology and apologetics student at a Christian university and am a senior preparing for a capstone interview.
While I am far from an expert (the more I learn, the less I know), I enjoy helping others understand the Bible better and having healthy discussions and debates.
Whether you’re trying to understand something for the first time or are an expert in something and want to test my grasp of it, feel free to ask me anything about the Bible or theology!
Could you be wrong about your belief in gods?
I only believe in one God, but yes, it is possible that I’m wrong.
I find belief in a deity to be more rational than no deity, and I find the God of Christianity to be the logical choice.
What about this god, that you have chosen to believe in is so compelling to you?
Most religions are works based salvation.
Christianity is the only faith based salvation.
If we as humans are tainted by sin, we cannot remove that taint ourselves.
For God to remove that taint on our behalf, we must consent to that removal.
If I could show you another religion that was faith based salvation, how would that affect your faith?
I would be steadfast, as there is plenty of other things that I see as evidence.
So what would get you to change your mind then?
I mean to get you to give up your faith?
While I don’t deny the possibility of some awful trial putting my faith to the test, I would like to believe I would continue to believe as I currently do, and that my faith would be strengthened.
Outside of time travel evidence, I do not think I would give up my faith.
Have you ever had any deeply held beliefs that turned out to be wrong before?
Closest thing I can think of is my recent interest in annihilationism, as mentioned in a different comment.
It went from a borderline heresy to legitimate school of thought in my mind almost overnight.
Because it’s treated so much as a settled issue in evangelical circles, I never had wrestled with the possibility as I have with the reliability of the Bible, the hypostatic union, or other topics.
You never believed in santa clause?
I find that hard to believe.

Summary: 
I find that hard to believe.
Christianity is the only faith based salvation.
Could you be wrong about your belief in gods?
