Original Response: 
*There have been a couple events that have come about recently to paint a different light on the famed pop star.
*


In late august, he was on tour in Washington DC, where he allegedly rented out a whole restaurant so he could eat with a model who recently turned 18.
Yes, shes legal, but this situation alone gets weird fast.
How did they meet?
Well .. this ended up saving his ass, for now.
They met when she was 16, at his show, backstage.
She posted a picture of them together that night, and apparently one later in the year on his birthday that included a sweet note of appreciation that she has now deleted.
Fast forward to last week, they ate at the empty DC restaurant and then she posted a picture of them showing some PDA with the caption .. “No place I’d rather be ❤️”

https://www.instagram.com/p/Bm47gM9j-c8/?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet

It should be mentioned that this model, Bella Harris, is the daughter of James Samuel Harris, who is a pretty powerful guy in the Music industry from his songwriting back in the day.
The pictures goes viral as people connect dots on her past posts and how old she would have been.
The pictures are deleted and she very quickly posts this:

https://www.instagram.com/p/BnuRdh6nkZv/?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet

Which could easily be true, since the alleged dinner was in late august.
She honestly handles this well, from the perspective of her not wanting her dad to know and to ruin Drakes career over this type of speculation.
She could have made the dinner, and then gone to fashion week.
As this forces things to subside, the dust settles, and the profitable OVO machine keeps going.
Until an article is published on Drakes close friendship with Millie Bobby Brown, who is 14.

https://www.billboard.com/articles/news/awards/8475767/millie-bobby-brown-drake-friendship-interview-video

Talking about boys .. missing each other ..
I will end my efforts here besides sharing this tweet that someone posted in response to someone tweeting the billboard link in concern

https://twitter.com/_ke3n/status/1042177357078061056?s=21


EDIT:

I forgot to mention two things actually ... how his ass was saved and the CDAN post that was very obviously about the dinner situation that I will try to go find.
Several outlets claimed the pictures were from a long time ago when they first met which were clearly going out of their way to protect Drake, since the pictures are actually still up on her instagram.
EDIT2: http://www.crazydaysandnights.net/2018/09/blind-item-8_15.html?m=1

BOOM FOUND IT

EDIT3: Your collective response and voting patterns are discerning

You all used to be concerned about children, Im sorry to see thats changed

EDIT4: Cant believe I missed this ....

http://www.crazydaysandnights.net/2018/09/blind-item-4_19.html?m=1.
They're adults.
No one cares.
I dont believe a 14 year old is an adult &amp; he met the other girl backstage when she was 16.
Thats what has just overflown into public knowledge.
Yet another comment that proves a lack of reading comprehension ... sad.
Ok good luck in your crusade for this victimless non crime.
there is a systemic plague of pedophilia in the world that amasses millions of victims and are not constrained to any border

this man has millions of fans that have given him the dream life

who are we to say if he deserves it or not?
I was bringing this suspicious activity to your attentions, not sure why you’re so offended unless you’re one of those people trying to normalize pedophilia by labeling yourself a NAP or whatever the pathetic acronym is.
Yeah I know.
Donald Trump raped a 13 year old girl for example.
And Putin fucks little boys.
Theres no evidence for that and thats slander, have fun growing up since life’s bound to hit you hard soon.
You mean libel not slander.
Except its not libel because its true.
He also raped his ex wife and probably fiddled with Ivanka.
semantics are petty, especially when you admit to what you’re doing by correcting me then do it further

grow up.
Adult is an odd term.
Mental vs physical maturity, I'd say you need both to be an adult.
But not everyone becomes mentally/emotionally mature in our culture.
The age at which a woman starts menstruating was used as a norm for becoming a woman for many cultures, and some still do.
Even in the south eastern US it is looked at as such.
For a man, making your first kill, or a physical act to some extreme was used.
Now we have pressed the age of consent basically to 18.
But for myself, I was sexually active and very interested at 9, and had a 12 year old girlfriend at the time, to fool around with.
Technically I could have been convicted as a pedophile in many states today, even though I was younger.
It was 8 more years before I actually lost my virginity.
Yet they were rather uncomfortable years of puberty where I was a loaner basically, and could never fit in...

To sum up, I think alot of this stuff is silly.
Teenage girls classically seek out older men, while some are terrified.
There is no cookie cutter answer.
We're all people, and the person is what should be addressed, not just a law written down.
There is a cookie cutter answer and your attempt at blurring the line is gross.
If she is under 18, and you dont know her, theres no need to have a close relationship with them.
End of fucking story.
Yeah it is pretty weird, especially if you barely know them.
Of course any young girl will be down to do almost anything for Drake because, well it's Drake haha.
I do see where the person you replied to is coming from though.
I for one think that as long as you have no bad intentions with someone, then by all means do what you feel.
And that has to be from both sides.
But at the same time, allowing young people to go with older people can be dangerous.
I mean, that law is there for a reason obviously.
[removed]
victimless non-crime huh?
wow.
Do you think that teacher who married the student she fucked after she got out of jail also committed a victimless non-crime?
I was blurring no lines.
Just philosophically considering the issue.
Imagine being a mother from a 3rd world country, where you were married off soon after your first time menstruating.
It's not barbaric, it's your version of normal.
What I find gross, is this still happens here in the US in the south, and girls are often partnered with much older men.
If the line was so crystal clear, why is there no federal law?
Why do states have different ages of consent?
Why do some states water down the label pedophile, by convicting underage boys with the pedophilia, for simply having a naked photo of a girlfriend their same age?
My main point is that people mature both physically and emotionally at different ages.
Different ethnicities mature physically at different rates.
There shouldn't be a norm beyond decency, caring, and common sense.
The human condition doesn't do well with infinitives, there's always a case that breaks the rule, thus rules are guidelines only.
I do like the general idea that you should wait until your 16, and spend your time investing in your mind.
But that idea is also ridiculous, because at 16 you've spent years being immersed in hormones, and not really in your right mind.
It would be better for these kids to spend middle school years in some kind of work/study apprenticeship, and communal living.
Kinda like summer camp, but with a professional direction.
Have them working and playing so hard, sex would be an excess you don't really have time or energy for.
But no matter what we do, it's going to happen.
My son has turned 10 this year, and just like me, he is interested in sex, and I caught him looking at some rather explicit material early this year.
So for my family, the game is on.
I didn't have a dad around for this time in my life, so it's both terrifying, and interesting to both be there for him, as well as give him his space.
But I've yet to decide on an appropriate way for him to exercise his interest.
I've only had a serious talk with him, and explained that looking at that material was very serious, and not allowed, unless I gave it to him.
But if I don't figure out something, he'll just be finding it like I did, from friends who raised their dad's stash.
Generally I think 16 is too young and 18 is a better age of consent, but your still hardly mature enough yet to make decisions that could end with you being responsible for a new life.
No because a teacher has a duty of trust.

Summary: 
I was blurring no lines.
I mean, that law is there for a reason obviously.
It was 8 more years before I actually lost my virginity.
But no matter what we do, it's going to happen.
Why do states have different ages of consent?
I do see where the person you replied to is coming from though.
Well .. this ended up saving his ass, for now.
There is no cookie cutter answer.
I dont believe a 14 year old is an adult &amp; he met the other girl backstage when she was 16.
But at the same time, allowing young people to go with older people can be dangerous.
I do like the general idea that you should wait until your 16, and spend your time investing in your mind.
I for one think that as long as you have no bad intentions with someone, then by all means do what you feel.
If she is under 18, and you dont know her, theres no need to have a close relationship with them.
