Original Response: 
My husband and I have been married for a year and a half, we have a 3 year old child together.
Whenever my husband and I have sex, he says that he can't feel anything during because my vagina is too loose.
He has mentioned this to me around last year, and didn't really want to keep initiating it so he would go and masturbate instead.
Of course it hurt my self esteem, I actually enjoy the sex we have but he doesn't and I wanted to make this better for him so I looked up ways on how to naturally tighten vagina.
I've tried everything: kegel exercises, regular exercise, diet change, ben wa balls, other tools.
and different sex positions.
But for some reason, it barely works and it just widens up again during sex... so sex life hasn't really improved.
My husband says he is sexually frustrated from having bad sex and he doesn't have an orgasm, even though semen comes out.
He said for reference, he is a self proclaimed sex addict and back in his younger days before me, he would always cum too soon.
And with me it's different, it always last too long with no feeling and grip whatsoever.
I really don't know what else to do, I'm still trying to figure out ways to get past this and tighten up my vagina.
We don't even get intimate with each other anymore and I want to change that.
I don't even have that much sexual confidence anymore.
Please help me.
It is called death grip, but it is fair to say it could just be PMO addiction (porn-masturbation-orgasm).
The desensitization to normal sex due to the continuous exposure to sexually explicit material and self satisfaction that makes it difficult for normal, healthy sex to do the job anymore.
(Edited this answer to reflect a correction made below by another user).
He has been over-masturbating, and probably looking at pornography to such an extent that it is impacting his attraction, excitement, and ability to feel normal pleasure during sex with a real person.
I would consider exploring marriage counselling, and ways for him to fix his masturbation and pornography addiction.
He should also get a testosterone checkup.
Not feeling pleasure during orgasm, despite ejaculation could be a sign of low T.

He'll need to hit all the avenues.
Medical check up, cut back on masturbation, consider marriage counseling.
If he is ejaculating during sex, clearly there's enough stimulation occurring to cause an orgasm.
^
This comment right here!
Please listen to this person, they’re right!
There’s so many reasons why he could be feeling this way and I doubt it’s from you!
This.
And this.
👍👍👍👍👍.
I too agree with this!
Thank you for the thoughtful response.
He has mentioned that he has stopped masturbating and looking at porn for a while now, about a month, and he recently started to have less of a sex drive resulting from it.
So he started to become less interested in sex, also doesnt help that hes always working and too tired to really do much now.
I asked if it was a mental thing, he said no, that he gets emotionally stimulated, just not physically.
Maybe youre right, he did say he used to masturbate 3-4 times a day, slowed down to once a day because of work fatigue, and now no masturbating at all..
[removed]
Why is death grip everyone's go to response on this sub?
There's no science that backs the idea up, and if it is real, it's probably incredibly rare.
Your other suggestions are on point - could be low testosterone, porn addiction, or something mental - these are all medically researched areas - but long term penis desensitization doesn't come from over stimulation.
That is a good point.
I've always used it in association with PMO addiction.
I never thought to stop for a second and re-examine the assumption that the penis or brain is actually being affected by the grip, and that what we should really be talking about is the PMO addiction causing issues in the areas that are actually medically researched.
Thanks for the correction to both my assumption and my terminology.
I actually did have a flaw in my understanding here.
It can take up to few years.
For reals, you are not to blame you of this.
I should add that death grip syndrome is not the only cause possible...
To add to this, peripheral neuropathy desensitizing the penis is a very real thing, but its known causes are diabetes and other diseases, medications, drug abuse, and more.
There are no studies out there that have been able to show that peripheral neuropathy results from over stimulation.
And as you were saying PMO addiction can have a detrimental effect on people, but mental effects aside, the physical effects of that are easily resolved by refraining for a short period of time.
As I heard from sexologists, the key is to force yourselves to have relationships, everyday.
At least of some kind.
Eventually, the drive will come back.
This has to be everyday.
[deleted]
It would be hard to test because many don’t believe it’s a problem until they have it.
Yeah I’ve never really understood the death grip theory.
Most guys masturbate on a regular basis starting around puberty but only some end up with difficulty having orgasms with a partner.
Those guys supposedly grip their penises tighter when masturbating but that begs the question of why only some guys do that.
Could it be that they need a lot of stimulation to orgasm so they grip tight during masturbation?
That implies the causal arrow points the other way.
I’ve done plenty of masturbation in my life but I have premature ejaculation.
It just doesn’t really add up to me that masturbation habits cause long term re-wiring of the brain.
It sounds like a satisfying post hoc theory on the surface but I’m skeptical.
I could understand if some guys need very particular speed, duration, and friction to cum and they’ve learned how to do that when masturbating, but that doesn’t mean masturbation *caused* those requirements.
It sounds like masturbating isn't his problem, and it also seems like he had no problem performing with other women.
That sounds rapey.
He does though.
Yeah no problems whatsoever with others, it's just me :/
Couple's counseling and a frank discussion is in order, I think.
I wouldn't look too much into that, I'd get that right out of your head!
If he has Deathgrip its easilly possible that he only resently got it, there is no reason to belive this is a you thing.
Source: Have DG.
Yeah, I didn't really used the best words for it.
It should be taken as a daily excercise.
Still, feels off.
Is that really still possible to be that desensitized like that if he used a fleshlight?
He no longer masturbates now.
[deleted]
This.
if he uses a fleshlight it isnt death grip.

Summary: 
I too agree with this!
He no longer masturbates now.
I actually did have a flaw in my understanding here.
I should add that death grip syndrome is not the only cause possible...
It can take up to few years.
if he uses a fleshlight it isnt death grip.
This has to be everyday.
Could it be that they need a lot of stimulation to orgasm so they grip tight during masturbation?
Yeah, I didn't really used the best words for it.
He should also get a testosterone checkup.
I don't even have that much sexual confidence anymore.
I've always used it in association with PMO addiction.
