Original Response: 
This idiot got schooled by an actual architect, he also completely ignores the fact molten metal was found at all three demolition sites

[For the undying 9/11 MORONIC STEEL = AIR ARGUMENT](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvuKUmK9eB0)
Imagine an architect that doesn’t understand physics.
No wonder he has to scam people for a living XD.
The point of op's video was that the beams wouldn't have to melt for them to lose structural integrity.
You are correct.
Steel beams do not have to melt to lose their structural integrity.
But they do have to melt in order to completely disintegrate; which is what *actually* happened.
[deleted]
[This article](http://archive.is/z72VO) is in response to Tye, the ironworker.
It points out each of his mistakes, and corrects them.
Hell, even Popular Mechanics (who actually promote the official story) made this statement about the iron worker's video:

&gt; “He openly admits that the forge he was using heated the steel beam several hundred degrees above the temperature at which jet fuel burns,” the magazine observed.
“That, and he doesn’t say how long the beam has been in the forge, or offer any evidence of the forge’s actual temperature.
His little experiment here is more party trick than perfect simulation.” 

Edit: /u/Greg_Roberts_0985, I think I've sent you that article before.
If you have it saved, you'll see that it is no longer up.
I found it under this new link I've posted here.
It's a good write up although I don't agree with everything Scott Creighton has written about 9/11 and especially his attack on Niels Harrit.
Neither do I.
Although he is *spot on* here when it comes to correcting the iron worker and what the "truther" argument is in the first place.
What are the odds of 3 buildings to undergo perfect free fall onto itself.
He bends these rods in the videos.
I'd like to see him heat up 4 rods place them in a square then take a flat surface and press down with force.
Will the rods buckle and fall into themselves?
wouldnt an inferno inside a building be burning hotter than just jet fuel?
ps... ive seen video of firemen saying they saw melted steel, like they were in a foundry.
if charges were used to melt the beams, it would have been at specific points?
and would not have created a mass large enough to "flow" the way the firemen described?
ill take a look later cheers.
Sure thing.
The section on Jet Fuel Fires (section 2) is particularly relevant.
There are photos of the rubble where you can see some of the remaining steel core columns and they appear to have been cut diagonally...

Summary: 
Steel beams do not have to melt to lose their structural integrity.
It points out each of his mistakes, and corrects them.
He bends these rods in the videos.
if charges were used to melt the beams, it would have been at specific points?
