Original Response: 
A crack in a weld is always a bad thing but this doesn’t look too too bad.
You could probably find a professional welder who will fill that in and weld it and it will be just fine.
No professional welder would repair that.
An amateur might, but a professional would tell you to replace it.
Replacing would be the best thing to do but frames can be costly and if you can’t afford it could be a temporary solution for a short time.
If it's straight I see no reason a welder couldn't fix it.
It looks like aluminum so it won't have rusted.
Are you a welder?
edit fuck me, no not know.
I am.
Aluminum looses strength when welded, it needs a heat treatment to restore that strength, the cost to reweld and properly treat it would make the cost of a new one a far more reasonable option.
Hah, aluminium "rusts" a lot faster than steel, it just does not rust deeply because that surface rust prevents more corrosion.
Welding this would definitely not be easy.
Aluminium welding is never easy.
Besides, it's a weld between a cast alloy part and some sort of an aluminium extrusion.
You need the correct rod to weld it, else it'll be impossible to weld or produce a really weak or brittle weld.
There's so many alloys out there that it can be really hard to find the correct welding rod.
Still might be just fine if welded...
Some dealers buy crashed bikes, fix them up and sell them on without the buyers ever knowing (some do notice it later, but even if they occasionally make a refund they still make lots of profit), and welding stuff like this is not uncommon.
Same as straightening fork tubes, most owners wouldn't even consider it, but it's very common for dealers, and I don't imagine it could even be dangerous (more probable is premature fork tube and bushing wear since they probably arent completely straight after being straightened).
It's not the "right" thing to do by the book, but you may be okay...  however welding aluminium is not cheap.
&gt;It's not the "right" thing to do by the book, but you may be okay

Not by a mile it's not.
I wouldn't let my kids get on 'might be okay' and I'm pretty sure those dealers would let their own kids ride one of their refurbished bikes either.
A good condition used swing arm would cost about the same amount as repairing this one poorly and would be much cheaper than doing it properly.
Sure it's a scam, but in most cases nothing happens even if it's not how it should be done.
If you can't afford to ride/drive a safe vehicle, you shouldn't be on the road.
ah, I see.
Thats not a stick weld....
In most cases you use a welding/filler rod to weld with tig.
Homogeneous welding is possible if you have a very small gap, but noone would do that for a motorcycle frame.
I'm not a welder so I might be wrong, but since there's a crack doesn't that mean it's not straight?
Nor am I, and certainly if the impact broke a weld you would expect at least some bending.
But motorcycles are very sensitive to alignment, and op says the collusion was years ago yet never suspected serious damage.
I got the impression from their post that the bike a for several years, and they're just now getting back to it.
I am, I would grind it out and fix it if had alum experience.
Obviously that’s how it came from the factory in two prices.
I suspect this was not welded correctly from day 1 though it looks like a good weld.
Mig likely, Tig possibly.
No collusion!
I want to say tig almost guaranteed, those beads are way too clean.
hehehe, man i'm a total *wreck* in this thread.
I reread it, yeah I think you're right.
yeah, that's what I don't get.
If it's a clean break it's absolutely repairable.
Whether it's cost effective is another matter.

Summary: 
Welding this would definitely not be easy.
Thats not a stick weld....
Aluminium welding is never easy.
Still might be just fine if welded...
No professional welder would repair that.
yeah, that's what I don't get.
