Original Response: 
This druid/chronotank sighs... \^\^
Rather laughs, people always think Chrono and Druid is hard.
But they’re ResidentSleeper af.
Usually don’t have to do any mechanics at all.
Orb pushing, seeker pushing, running glenna, entangling spirits, pushing and keeping ringom, stunning eyes, protect at shake, black kiting, golem pushing... is only what spontaneously comes to mid for druids.
But hey, keep thinking that lol.
Every pug druid my group gets has no clue on how to kite cairn nor how to push orbs.
LET ME REST.
Yeah, but they actually should be able to do it cause its druid jobs.
Doesn't make my argument invalid.
Saying "druids dont have to do mechanics" just attracts idiots like that to the class :/ (a yeah forogot kiting cairn and kiting flak)
I’m a main chrono/druid.
Orb pushing: easy, seeker pushing: literal afk, ringom: sometimes a bit annoying but mostly a one time thing per phase, stunning eyes: just watch the bar?, protect at shake is a chrono’s job, black kiting: literally afk on the boss, golem pushing: actual pain in the ass.
So from all of those things there’s literally 1 hard mechanic for the druid.
And what makes mechanics for a druid so easy is because his other job, healing, is mindnumbingly easy in most encounters.
It’s not like you’re doing some complex rotation and have to have situational awareness at the same time.
You can just look around you all of the time.
And how hard exactly are the other mechanics the dpssers don't wanna do cause they wanna dps race and have no responsibilities?
Btw I kind of see my main point in might stacking, healing as a side product :P.
Well who kites at cairn nowadays anyway... :D

But yeah, people at bad at pushing.
The DPS rotation some classes have to do is already harder than most mechanics a Druid has to perform.
Like I said, it’s the combination of the difficulty of performing that rotation and having situational awareness for mechanics.
Which brings to mind Dhuum greens, Sabetha cannons, trio mortars.
(standing on buttons for Xera crystal seems to br a challenge for a lot of people xd) Doing a dps rotation while trying not to stand in the black on Deimos, same with blues on VG and yellow stuff on Cairn.
Epi bounce is actually a very tight timing on Desmina.
Perhaps the mechanics they do aren’t inherently harder, but because Druid and Chrono itself are so easy to play you can focus on mechanics more.
And perhaps I’m biased because I have more experience on Druid and Chrono which makes it feel easier.
Its ok, still the argument was "druids don't have to do mechanics" ;)

Yep they do.
Esp since they can do it easier cause your point there IS valid.
But it just plays towards the fact that you will definitely have to do mechanics as a druid.
It's not like its fractal life (CA and sleep away XD)
I guess I just forget they exist because I do them automatically.
xd.
Rigom is the easiest of all.
Get entangle and LB on swap and you can do the whole job yourself, no chrono pulls or warrior kicks needed.
Orb pushing... Usually it is quite easy, especially if chronos know how to focus pull, but since majority fail at it, it can get quite messy.
Eyes stunning... Well that is quite easy, yeah.
The only problem for me is actually picking the orbs up, sometimes I have to press f like 2 or 3 times.
Seeker pushing, yeah, as long as you watch the ports you will be fine.
But still most players have no clue.
Protect at shake...
I am not sure what you mean.
You protect after cc.
With shake... Chrono cen either distort or players have to evade, if they get hit with the full thing they are down insta, nothing you can do as a druid.
Golem pushing is one of the harder jobs but still it is ok. 

Kiting with greens at Dhuum now that is a fun one.
Lots of things can go wrong and if you fail you wipe the squad.
And for druids job... Yeah if you stick just to "heal so people don't die keep up some mights and throw some cc" then sure your job is easy.
That is why you should always push yourself:

- maximize scholar uptime (so not just heal but keep people above 90 as much as possible
- have as good boon uptime as you can (mainly might)
- try solodruiding
- optimize for best personal dps and always try to line up skills with cc phases

And there is so much more.
Don't try to just do your job, try to be really good at it and work some extra to carry those dps noobs.
X fucking D.
:)
Yeah.
I mostly only do training runs now.
They're more interesting, but you end up having to do the traditional (read: sketchier) mechanics.
Hence the kiting.
&gt;Doesnt make my argument invalid

Wasn't arguing, friend.
The class has both a lot of nuance and occasionally none.
Why getting downvoted?
People in gw2 have obviously never played a real raid with real mechanics in other games before..

Summary: 
Usually don’t have to do any mechanics at all.
Yeah, but they actually should be able to do it cause its druid jobs.
I am not sure what you mean.
Eyes stunning... Well that is quite easy, yeah.
But it just plays towards the fact that you will definitely have to do mechanics as a druid.
Its ok, still the argument was "druids don't have to do mechanics" ;)

Yep they do.
I mostly only do training runs now.
But still most players have no clue.
