Original Response: 
Woke up this morning to find that my bike was gone... again.
6 weeks ago, my first bike was stolen (CBF 125).
This was semi my fault - left it on the road side without a lock at night, woke up to find it missing.
Sure.
Okay.
Stupid mistake.
Insurance paid out and 2 weeks ago I bought A YBR 125.
Everything was going great, it had a disc lock alarm, a chain, I'd just ordered a cover and I parked it in my back garden, hidden from the outside world behind two big locked gates.
Woke up this morning and it was gone.
How the fuck?
Pretty sure my house is being watched - is there any way to stop this happening again other than just you know, getting a car?
Buy a gun?
And if you can’t buy a gun, buy a really big knife/sword and defend your honor/bike?
I like the way you think.
neckbeard detected.
*Runs out swinging Suzuki Katana*
Seems like OP is in the UK, knives are illegal there.
Making a fist is illegal there.
Oi, you gotta fist-making loicense?
Knives?
Keeping a screwdriver in your saddlebag would land you in jail in the UK.
Shit, I'd be jailed for life if they searched me and my toolkit.
When I was looking for my first bike I found a used one at a dealership with saddlebags mounted on it.
Not being sure if they could be removed without actually taking the mounting hardware off I thought to myself "eh, maybe I'll just keep a screwdriver in the saddlebag" and then thought back to the time police in the UK did a "weapons sweep" and confiscated pliers and screwdrivers lol.
The best part is that the local police department posted about it on twitter and posted a picture of the "weapons", 2 screwdrivers, 2 pairs of pliers, a pair of scissors, and a file.
Now if they had a hammer...well damn the dude would've been looking at some serious time!
I hope you like prison.
no it wouldn't.
knives aren't illegal

carrying knives around is illegal

using a knife as a weapon is illegal.
[removed]
except people start to believe it and you get bullshit jokes like yours

and yes if some street yout is walking through peckham with a pair of scissors down his boxers yes it will be seized as a weapon

they're not taking spanners out your top box

and the guy above said "knives are illegal" which is just not true.
[removed]
right.. so I'm talking about the specific comments in this thread and you're generalising an entire continent :)

good meme

have a nice weekend xxx.
[removed]
embarrassing.
Stop embarrassing yourself.

Summary: 
I like the way you think.
I hope you like prison.
Woke up this morning and it was gone.
Making a fist is illegal there.
Seems like OP is in the UK, knives are illegal there.
