Original Response: 
I’ve been feeling a little down about my performance in NS lately, cos of fitness mainly.
I feel like I shouldn’t care so much even if I OOC from it (spec course) if I can’t hit my vetos, cos I feel like it’s not important?
But I can’t really stop myself from feeling a little disappointed.
As many people say, nobody cares about NS outside of NS.
But what do y’all think?
No one gives a shit whether you were an officer, spec, or man post NS, only how long you will be away for your reservist.
isn’t the duration the same for everyone though.
if you’re officer you liable until your 50 man lol.
This, as a men you can MR and at 40 years old throw away all that junk :)
This is incorrect.
Some companies (eg.
Cisco) will specifically ask you to state if you were an officer in the SAF during job application for some of their positions.
Still,it hardly makes a difference in job prospects.
Heard numerous stories of men in NS being bosses of officers who were in the same vocational unit as them.So your rank in NS doesnt really matter much.You may be inefficient/unproductive in the SAF doesnt mean that you are a useless asset to other organisations.Everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses,which varies from person to person and thus different companies will capitalise on those with the unique strengths certain people have,with little or no regard for how they fared in NS.
Well, the comment says no one gives a shit.
So I’m just pointing out that some companies do care.
I am not an officer and I agree that it doesn’t really matter.
If you want to join Cisco as a Management Associate, the requirements for males and females are the same, with the additional requirement for males is being a Commissioned Officer in SAF or equivalent in HomeTeam.
Depends on vocation also.
Pes E guys dont get called back.
At least as far as I know.
Plus officers and specs often get called back a week earlier.
What's MR.
Military Reserve

means u finally ~~no use for~~ free from the military.
Oh that's only after ten years of reservist right.
No.
you need 7 high key(2 wks continuous).
i’ve known them to try to cheat you by making you come back for multiple low key exercises (which doesn’t count) to extend your liability.
pro tip.
you can protest and defer when they try such tricks.
as a reservist you have to serve but not to be abused.
thats why so many talents go overseas work till they’re 40.
Finishing your 10 cycle of reservist.
Yes, debunking the myth here, you only need 7 HK and if you are in a stupid unit, you can even miss one HK and get attached to another unit before your own unit MR, this allows you to be a Super ninja since no one knows you lol.
Cisco in Singapore maybe.
Cisco anywhere else doesn’t care.

Summary: 
I am not an officer and I agree that it doesn’t really matter.
Cisco anywhere else doesn’t care.
as a reservist you have to serve but not to be abused.
At least as far as I know.
But I can’t really stop myself from feeling a little disappointed.
