Original Response: 
Seems this really hit a nerve.
Sign of good satire!
I downvote not because I’m offended by it, but because it’s the same tired, low-hanging fruit that evangelicals jab at without any critical thought and actual interaction, as usual from the Bee.
It's also a sign of being a jerk.
Assuming backlash means you're right leads down a very bad feedback loop.
[deleted]
Yeah I remember when Jesus had that sketch comedy show where he made fun of those nasty nasty liberals (more like LIEbrals am I right?
Lol fuck em)
Can you take criticism without lashing out and misrepresenting your interlocutor?
Might actually lead to some profitable debates.
Chill out there with your thesaurus reading self.
I thought this thread was about satire and humor but you're being a spoilsport.
Oh you were joking, ok.
Hitting a nerve isn't indicative of good satire.
If someone posted an article saying "Local Jew upset he can't pay with pennies online", you'll get a ton of criticism and ire, but this is just a slur and an attack, not "good satire, bro".
Of course it is indicative of good satire, but not in isolation.
The example you cite is irrelevant since that's not what's happening in the original piece at all.
What was the Crucifixion then?
man started a riot in the temple.
quite a negative feedback loop.
Quite a negative feedback loop indeed.
Humans are all horrible who deserve eternal punishment after all.
I’m not sure you understood what I said.
I’m not sure you want to.
Yep.
So you might as well embrace it.
Speak truth and die, so you commune with Jesus.
I *always* downvote the Bee, because it's so lazy.
Even when I find it funny that day.
It's exactly the same sentiment.
Insulting someone and then using their offense to measure how good your satire is, means it's really crappy satire.
DEMONcrats.
Oh MAN!
Got those sneuxflakes!

Summary: 
quite a negative feedback loop.
I’m not sure you want to.
Hitting a nerve isn't indicative of good satire.
I’m not sure you understood what I said.
I *always* downvote the Bee, because it's so lazy.
