Original Response: 
[removed]
TYFU by giving your mom a raging case of bacterial vaginosis.
Maybe it was his mom's ass dildo?
True, I don't know her life!
Why does everyone assume it was his mom's?
Cause...it was...

oh god.
I mean hey, who hasn't thought of buying a mold-a-dick, molding their own penis, and fucking themselves in the ass with it?
Maybe his dad took "Go fuck yourself" literally.
The alternatives are worse.
Redditgarlic!
!redditgarlic.
Apple doesn’t fall too far from the the tree I guess.
Taking "go fuck yourself" literally.
....I’m considering it now.
"Go fuck yourself"

"Don't mind if I do"
Everyone should try it once.
"I have!
And it wasn't bad!"
“Well Jerry I took your advice, ordered a cast set and everything.
Yeah, been using it for a week”.
No soup for you.
That's the first thing I thought of when reading this post.
Like father like son.
r/redditwritesseinfeld.
Yah, my wife made one of me, and we found out my 13 year old daughter was using it, undoubtedly unaware it was a mold of me.
Barf.
[deleted]
13 seems a bit young to be sticking things in your vagina.
Masturbating with your clit but penetration?
*wow reddit is making me feel like a loser.
Having sex at 13, what the fuck guys.
depends on your friend group a few girls I grew up with had sex by 13 and 14 so penetration during masturbation sounds average.
I did when I was 11 or 12 not often but deffinatly a few times.
How did you come to find that out?
Who said vagina?
I really hope you’re not older than 15 and sexualizing a 13 year old.
3 way.
eh i was probably about that age when i started.
i have fond memories of those hairbrush handles.
don't forget girls mature earlier than boys, and it's easiest to start "experimenting" and "exploring" on yourself.
[deleted]
Yeah man keep those thoughts to yourself.
He came to finding out.
Wake up and smell the horomones, kids have sex at 13.
Not all of them of course, and im definitely not saying its right/encouraging it, but that's just how it be.
I lost my v-card at 13.
[deleted]
Yes officer this is the one.
No.
Seriously wanna know how you guys found that out.
I mean cmon, it's internet, it ain't the worst thing to be found here.
probably just the pedophilic bits 

it's still pretty worrisome whether you think the story is real or not.
[deleted]
Not sure how you're under the impression that saying the words "this is kinda hot" as a reply to someone explaining that a thirteen year old daughter used her fathers penis cast didldo to masturbate represents "all of modern history," but I'm happy I clearly must not live on the same planet as you.
To say the least.
Sweet home Alabama.
**FBI OPEN UP!!!
**
Exs sister had her first kid at 14, got pregnant at 13.
Their step dad kept insisting kids don't have sex till 18, until the day she pushed out the kid.
[deleted]
Kinda hot?
I mean, you're denying feeling pedophile tendencies while spouting typical pedo defense logic.
"Woman can bare children at 13" does not make it okay for you to fantasize about someone's child masturbating.
I simply don't see how you can say "regardless of age" in earnest.
I get kinks and maybe an 18 year old with their dads dick in hand is hot in a way, whatever.
But this is eyebrow raising to say the least man, and I'm not trying to be an asshole or ostracize you.
Like, if you made that joke and walked away it would be one thing but you're sounding like someone who just got cornered on To Catch A Predator.
You don't honestly believe this should be socially acceptable right?
If so I would seriously recommend talking to a professional about it before these "fantasies" up the ante.
[deleted]
[removed]

Summary: 
I lost my v-card at 13.
"Go fuck yourself"

"Don't mind if I do"
True, I don't know her life!
Having sex at 13, what the fuck guys.
Taking "go fuck yourself" literally.
Everyone should try it once.
Maybe his dad took "Go fuck yourself" literally.
Masturbating with your clit but penetration?
Wake up and smell the horomones, kids have sex at 13.
That's the first thing I thought of when reading this post.
