Original Response: 
[deleted]
LISTEN TO ME!
I completely tore my ACL, MCL, partially tore my PCL and Meniscus.
All at 36.
I’ve been a very athletic person my entire life.
My knee is now better than the non tore one, and I was back playing competing sports agains guys 15 years younger within a year.
The key: GET A PROFESSIONAL ATHLETIC DOCTOR AND PT STAFF WHO WORK TOGETHER.
I worked with a doctor and staff who work with an NHL team.
Their job is to get a person back to 100% athletic capacity, mentally and physically, ASAP.
A general doctors job is to get you walking through Fred Meyers comfortably.
That is a huge difference.
Yes, listen to this person.
Skier here, I know dozens of people with varied outcomes.
The best followed this person's advice.
Agreed, LISTEN TO THIS.
I've seen several doctors for mine, drastic difference in outcomes.
But what if you don't have insurance and no money?
I wondered about the folks who were adamant about getting a brace.
My daughter obliterated her acl skiing (we had no idea it was so bad) and then continued to play basketball for a couple more weeks with just a sleeve before she finally asked to go back to the doctor.
She had acl reconstruction and they told her NO BRACE because patients tend to use it as a crutch and not do the work to get better.
PT started two days after surgery and went on for a year.
They told us she had to stay out of sports for a whole year because her growth played hadn't even started fusing yet (she has grown about 4 inches since then).
Now 2 yrs later she is kicking butt, playing volleyball and softball and only gets a tiny nervous when she slides.
Real doctors, surgeons and PT's are amazing when they all have the same common goal.
She is a Junior in high school and wants to go into athletic training for all these reasons!
Let's hope she doesn't live in a shit hole without health-care I mean USA.
I feel like this might be expensive, getting NHL doctor team.
Any professional teams doctor is a regular practicing doctor.
He just does way more athletes, and on different schedules, than a normal doctor.
Do you have insurance?
[deleted]
Oh, and if he looks at a $700 Don Joy brace as anything other than a temporary assistant during PT and initial months of physical activity, walk away.
If the doctor does he’s job right, you won’t need a brace.
Will he use a cadaver ligament?
Your Achilles?
Your Hammy?
Your Patella?
Will he instruct you to strengthen your hurt leg for a month or two prior to surgery so that muscle loss is minimized during PT, and it doesn’t take an additional 3 months to get your repaired legs muscles back to regular.
I can go on and on.
This same doctor, and his team has done 8+ surgeries that i personally know of.
Hips, knees, Achilles, etc.
Every single one was better than before.
He’s one of many doctors who are hired by to best, to repair the best.
Find one in your neck of the woods.
Then find a PT staff with his stamp of approval.
My doc would check in on me during PT and hold his staff accountable to my progress.
“14 days in, you should be doing XYZ.
Let me see him do it...”.
You got this.... :thumbsup:
Agreed!
My torn ACL happened on workers comp, and I ended up with a professional sports athlete doctor.
His goal to get me to 100% was a serious commitment, but looking back I couldn't imagine what my life would be like if it hadn't gone that way.
Age has a huge amount to do with how well you heal from an injury.
This shit hole is where all the people from real shitholes come when they need the best treatment, especially from the "free" healthcare countries.
Get the chainsaw.
Ain’t no poor people coming here from shit hole countries to get worked on...just because rich people from shit hole countries can afford the best of American healthcare doesn’t mean anyone else can.
That includes middle class America.
Or whatever’s left of it.
How does one look for this?
D'rose is that you?
Semi-pro basketball player here, and patient of 2 ACL surgeries (each knee).
Working with the right doctor makes a big difference in terms of recovery to any level of athletic capacity.
Pair that with a knowledgeable physical therapist who knows your goals.
Add in your own personal drive to get better and you have a recipe for a 100% recovery.
Happened for me twice!
YES, listen to this person.
Ex gymnast here, completely destroyed my ACL and both sides of my meniscus.
The BEST advice I can give is to find a physical therapist who you feel comfortable with &amp; who will push you to your limits.
And, most of all: DO.
YOUR.
DAMN.
PHYSICAL.
THERAPY.
It's gonna hurt and be the last thing you want to do, but I slacked off and it slowed my healing by months.
jinx.
Oh so this is about the 1%?
Fuck them.
Also, life expectancy is 3 years lower in the USA than in say, France.
The USA ranks first in health expediture (maybe that's what trump meant with "America first"), while being 37th in overall health system performance.
Online.
Usually doctors of that magnitude have a hard time being quiet about their customer base.
Sadly not!
Never quite made it to the league.
Had a D-league tryout at one point, but never got the call back.
Le cry.
Bullshit, we have tons of middle class from Canada coming here daily.
Regardless of what you think, it is still the best health care in the world.
Maybe not the best insurance, but no contest on quality.
#1 in expenditure since we fund research for all other countries, kind if like nato and defense.
We find cure, other countries like Canada buy for pennies.
Still best care in world which has nothing to do with performance which is more if a rating of efficiency which we definitely do not have.
And middle class gets that coverage, as well as poor people under medi-cal and other programs.
Enjoy the usual class hating.
Yeah for cosmetic nonsense their healthcare won’t cover.
They aren’t coming over here for basic healthcare or emergency care.
You know, the shit that bankrupts middle class americans.
More like cancer treatments, heart issues that are being delayed though state health care.
Free comes with a price obviously.
https://www-usnews-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.usnews.com/news/best-countries/articles/2016-08-03/canadians-increasingly-come-to-us-for-health-care?amp_js_v=a2&amp;amp_gsa=1&amp;context=amp&amp;usqp=mq331AQCCAE%3D#referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&amp;amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&amp;ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.usnews.com%2Fnews%2Fbest-countries%2Farticles%2F2016-08-03%2Fcanadians-increasingly-come-to-us-for-health-care.
It didn’t say anything about Canadians going for cancer treatment or heart issues.
It said 52,513 Canadians received non-emergency medical treatment abroad.
And some are treatments unavailable in their respective provinces where the hospitals have partnered with sister hospitals across the border for things like stem cell treatments.
Canada has one of the his best life expectancy and lowest infant mortality rates.
It’s not because Canadians come to the states for hip replacements and Botox they can afford with their generous pensions and retirement benefits.
Whatever you say, they are coming my friend.

Summary: 
I can go on and on.
Yes, listen to this person.
YES, listen to this person.
I worked with a doctor and staff who work with an NHL team.
The best followed this person's advice.
How does one look for this?
And, most of all: DO.
I wondered about the folks who were adamant about getting a brace.
I feel like this might be expensive, getting NHL doctor team.
I’ve been a very athletic person my entire life.
That is a huge difference.
This same doctor, and his team has done 8+ surgeries that i personally know of.
He’s one of many doctors who are hired by to best, to repair the best.
Every single one was better than before.
Find one in your neck of the woods.
