Original Response: 
Talk about your day.
Anything goes, but subreddit rules still apply.
Please be polite to each other!
Morning guys, anyone can share their experience with ninjavan?
Is the estimated arrival time accurate?
What happens if no one is at home at the time of delivery?
So far so good, they never screwed any of my orders up despite the negative reviews I read online frequently.
Estimated arrival time is always "9AM - 10PM" is it not?
If no one is home at TOD, they will usually call you or drop you a message, then you can work things out from there.
However, I have heard of cases where the delivery dude just leaves your parcel at your doorstep (lol)
That's good to hear!
There's 2 timing on the page one says 13sep-15sep 9AM-10PM and below says 13sep.
Just hope they don't leave it there lol.
depends on the driver servicing your area I think, it's 50/50 from what my friends and I experienced.
got estimated arrival time one meh?
My deliveries just say 9am to 10pm in the whatsapp msg.
By right in the whatsapp txt they will give you a code to give the delivery guy when he calls and no one's home to leave it somewhere.. but one time I didn't receive any call and came home to find my parcel sitting at my doorstep where anyone could take it.
Ohhhhh on the day itself they will send a whatsapp txt ah?
I never got it tho..hopefully they dont leave it there.
[deleted]
Next time keep the parcel and say you didn't receive it.
I actually worked indirectly for ninjavan as a delivery assistant with my friend who was one of their contractors.
They are paid pretty shit, it's $2-$2.30 per successfully delivered listing shown on the app, compared to other delivery companies that pay $2-$3 per parcel regardless of whether it was delivered or not.
Anyways, because of this, the drivers would just want to deliver the parcel regardless of whether or not someone is at home.
Especially if the parcel was HUGE, like a vacuum or a 24 pack of beer or a freaking 60" TV.
so what we would do is if nobody is at home we'd try to slot the parcel between the gate/door, or hide it somewhere like behind some potted plants.
huge parcels bobian need to call and ask if it's okay to leave at the door or something.
our standard protocol was to call twice and if the recipient didn't pick up we can fail the parcel under 'nobody at home to receive'.
some of the drivers who want to rush through the day will just fake the calls.
(just call but immediately end so it doesn't go through on the other end)

cash on delivery parcels were the worst.
almost 70% of the time we had people claiming that they already paid for the parcel, why need to pay again etc etc and time would be wasted explaining that hey I have no idea I'm just here to deliver your parcel.
after that still have to wait for them to decide if they want to pay for the parcel or not.
fun times.
would not do again.
edit: also, signatures were almost always forged but the ninjavan office people don't really care as long as you deliver.
have no issues with them.
normally theyd call you then id tell them i wont be around to receive so i just tell them to reschedule on weekends.
&gt;60" TV 

&gt;huge parcels bobian need to call and ask if it's okay to leave at the door or something.
"Hi yes please leave this $3500 65 inch tv outside my door.
Think you can hide it behind my plants."
- said no one ever.
That's a pretty shitty and practice cheap on ninjavan's end.
Like you said this is just encouraging drivers to mark it as delivered regardlessly.
This surely will hurt their company name in the long run no?
yeah their focus is mostly on delivering quickly.
any parcels marked as unattempted is like a $70 fine.
oh you'd be surprised.
I had someone requesting for me to leave their cpu at the doorstep and even I was like 'uhhh you sure??'

Summary: 
What happens if no one is at home at the time of delivery?
got estimated arrival time one meh?
Next time keep the parcel and say you didn't receive it.
I never got it tho..hopefully they dont leave it there.
Is the estimated arrival time accurate?
Estimated arrival time is always "9AM - 10PM" is it not?
any parcels marked as unattempted is like a $70 fine.
