Original Response: 
&gt;you say you dont want me, i recognize that, eventually i will show you i dont care.
How rapey.
He’ll accept it... for now.
Very rapey.
where are you getting this quote?
pretty girl at work said that this is how her current bf got her.
they split up because he was abusive, years later he wouldnt leave her alone, ignoring her rejections, went wherever she went.
eventually she thought it was sweet and that he must really love her so got back with him.
she constantly complains about his behaviour, pretty much emotional abuse as far as i can tell.
she wont leave him now, he won, she doesnt think she will get anyone as good as him ever again because she thinks she is fat and stupid... sad.
All the classic hallmarks of an abuser.
It was paraphrased to drive home the point they were making.
oh okay.
i thought there was a second page i missed or was part of the top text that i couldn't see the top.
... because of the implication.
Seriously this guy comes off as Dennis Reynolds after he cracks in the later seasons of Always Sunny.
Especially that second text.
Have her check out emotional/domestic abuse.
She sounds like a typical abused person and it's sad, but they can't see how badly treated they are until someone spells it out for them.
yeah people have tried at work functions but despite her agreeing and getting upset she wont leave him and acts like even that is her fault and she is being stupid.
Jesus send me to hell if peeps like this go to heaven.
Also, can we bring back “sticks and stones but words will never hurt me”.
Only because I see people get upset about shit people say or type and really they shouldn’t, and also some people literally need to be pelted with sticks and stones when they do this type of shit.
The abuser controls mostly by fear.
When someone has been threatened thousands of times with death if they were to leave, choosing to leave *means* choosing death.
That’s on top of not having a shred of self esteem left.
The hopelessness is soul shattering.
No clue why you were downvoted.
Abused people generally can't/won't leave an abusive relationship until they're ready.
It's difficult for them to leave for a lot of reasons.
Mostly because their abusers have worn them down physically, mentally, or in both ways.
It's frustrating for those looking on from the outside, because it's easy to just pick up and leave the abuser.
From the abused person's perspective, it's like there's no way they can escape their situation.
Please try to be patient with your coworker.
Be there for her as much as you are able.
Idk if she's fat but she is stupid.
Seriously.
I stayed in an abusive relationship for 6 months after realizing it was abusive.
This was an online relationship, and the abuse was mostly unintentional (she was in a bad place mentally and we both had trouble setting boundaries).
When you're being annoyed by someone who's had time to hone their tactics and break you down mentally, it can take decades to leave.
i had a girl do this to me, wouldnt leave me alone.
calling me almost every night, showing up at my house randomly.
wouldn't accept that i wasnt interested in her no matter how plain or brutal i put it.
i eventually caved and we dated for a while.
until i found out she was cheating on me lol.
like why go through all that trouble if you're just going to fuck around?
I left a codependent (drugs) and abusive relationship figuring I was going to die anyway so why be scared he's going to kill me if leave.
That moment was soul shattering, I chose death no matter what.
Here I am 10 years later sober, in a healthy relationship being a functioning adult.
I'm glad I chose the death that would eventually resurrect me instead of just putting me in an urn.
I would like to point out that often it isn't a threat of death, either direct or indirect.
It is a threat of 'you will have nothing if you leave me'.
The abuser often claims that all the income is theirs and if you leave you have to leave the money behind... even if you are the one who works.
They will have separated you from your friends and family by convincing you that your friends and family are horrible people, and they make sure that situations happen that makes that look like it is true.
So you have no one to run to when you are truly ready to leave, at least in your mind.
They have convinced you that the only person who could ever care for you, provide for you (even if you are the one providing), and make sure you live the best life you can live is the abuser.
Leaving that is death in many ways.
They never have to threaten to physically hurt you, they never have to say they will kill you, they just have to convince you that there is nothing in this world without them.
&gt; Please try to be patient with your coworker.
Be there for her as much as you are able.
And be careful pointing out the flaws in the relationship, or in 'bad mouthing' the abuser.
This is even true when the person is confiding in you that they think they want to leave.
You don't want to say anything positive, but you want to be careful of the negatives.
If they don't leave they will resent you for the things you said, even if they agreed in that moment.
They also might see it as the abuser being accurate about how all of the abused persons friends hate the abuser and will say bad things about them.
The abuser is possibly constantly talking crap about anyone they think is a possible threat to the relationship.
Often a lot of fine lines to walk:-/
How very Dennis Reynolds.
[removed]
We call that being gaslit.
she seems pretty stupid to me.
It’s good to see that others are finding their way, too.
These stories are important to those still looking for hope and a way out.
I have a friend more of like an ex who was pretty manipulative and abusive to me when we were together and she’s going through this right now, at first when I heard about the things that happening to her I kinda felt like well know you know how it feels to be on the other end but now I just feel really bad for her because she seems like she can’t escape.
She keeps breaking up and getting back together with him  after he’s proven countless times he can’t be trusted and it’s ho early frustrating to see her like this she’s making every bad decision she can and even is going into debt whenever they go out because he doesn’t even have a job.
I did the same.
He did come and try to kill me.
He did threaten me with a gun.
But ultimately he just left.
I got clean and sober too.
You're strong!
Proud of you!
I'm proud of you!
Looks at us go!!
So much better off without that in our lives xxxx.
You didn't have to be quite so patronizing, but I wholly agree with the notion that online relationships are worthless.
[removed]
I refuse to believe these dudes don’t read Harlequin Romance novels.
Refuse.
That’s where he got the *woman from.
It’s in alllllllll the most popular romance novels.
Hey girl, *woman.
https://youtu.be/JAHA4Jh5jkw.
*Women.
Assuming this guy is a Nice Guy or InCel, the dude probably would also be reading Harley Quinn romance novels too...
You think they care about any other perspective but their own?
r/BoneAppleTea.
Now that's the funniest comment I've read all day.
r/wooooosh.
[removed]
SHE NEEDS ME TO BEAUTIFY HER.
Nah it's probably just loads of anime, and the guys writing the anime probably read a bunch of those novels for inspo.
*tips hat*
[deleted]
M'woman.
[deleted]
M*woman.
Anime definitely has its own creepy romance tropes, but this sounds more like 50 Shades of Grey or something.
I honestly think it comes from all the anime hero storylines ending with the nice quiet guy randomly getting the huge breasted shy girl with no boyfriend....
These nerds don't read novels they watch anime and play video games.
With how popular she is, it's surprising that there's anyone left on the planet that doesn't know who Harley Quinn is.
Maybe not the modern ones, the bisexual polyamory might be too much for 'em.
I drew a dick on my fiancee's face once when she passed out at a party.
Congrats.
You just made these novels sound interesting to me.
As someone who watches anime, I have to assume it was initially that.
They have a weird obsession in bad anime with making it so doing something nice or giving a compliment now means the woman is now in love with the main character, no matter how small.
Girl: Pass the salt?
Guy: Sure.
Girl: (thinking) *This is the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me.
I shall devote the rest of my life to becoming Whatshisname-Sama's wife*
Well, its been a while since I checked, but the comic creators realized jokerXharley was toxic, made her swear him off, and she got into a relationship with ivy and some guy.
Read a little of it and it was ok.
[removed]
\*men LOL.
1) that’s awesome

2) brother!
Nah.
I mean I think you're seriously on to something in general, but aren't Harlequin romances all about the guy taking/ravaging the woman, causing her to "come into her sexuality"?
It's been a while since I've seen one - I didn't even know they were still a thing.
[deleted]
For me it was the "I'm doing you a favor letting you love me" angle the guy had.
Maybe he's read/seen too many shoujo series, but there's a creepy sort of ownership there that reminds me of the terrible romance at the center of 50 Shades of Grey (which I have to admit, I only know from watching Cinema Sins episodes.)
Unless you’re a hair stylist or makeup artist, I don’t want you to beautify me.
Did you trace it?
The pure subservience of women in a lot of anime romances is super weird to me.
Also that women characters sometimes only become people *through* male characters.
That’s what you get when you have people who’ve never been in a relationship writing all about them.
Mills &amp; Boon.
Or that one day the very average guy will suddenly be bombarded by big boobed hot women that all want to bed him!
The harem anime are like really bad these days and totally unrealistic lol.
Is that in rebirth?
Every time I read your post I read it as harl-quin instead of harly-quin and continuously got more and more confused about this new book genre.
uhhh.... not sure.
https://www.autostraddle.com/drawn-to-comics-harley-quinn-and-poison-ivy-finally-have-their-first-in-canon-kiss-390603/ 

&gt; Harley Quinn #25.
Yes.
i mean technicaly woman should be the norm, girl is belittleing in a way.
kinda surprised nobody seems to care about that in today's "woke" culture.
BEAUTIFY ME.
[deleted]
God that song is such a banger but I always feel like a casual misogynist when I’m listening to it.
He's a God damn romantic.
As a *woman, I am indeed swooning.
Wet all over.
See this is how cheesy I think I sound when I try to be sweet or emotional.
Like a lame dime store romance novel.
Just minus the rapey bit.
Jan all over.
I'm honestly so wet I could fix the drought in California.
He just woke my libido.
It's time to Michael down your Vincents.
Nice username.
Then we want you over here.
But you must give yourself to us and we can't take you.
Also, you may want to consider selling an organ or two preemptively to help pay for rent.
[deleted]
he did get your girl's number...
woman’s *
I’m wondering how that happened as well.
Maybe he asked a not so close friend for the number?
Lol yeah what the fuck is OP's girl doin lmao.
[deleted]
Group texts?
His girl being a ho.
He doesn't say it was his girlfriend's screenshot?
I assumed it was a friend of hers.
Plus, even if it was, a lot of women feel pressure to give guys their number when they don't want to just to be polite.
It just doesn't strike me that odd as a woman, some creepy people just won't take no for an answer or hide their intentions until they have someone's number so they can harass them.
OP's Girl: "hey new guy in the group!"
Weird Dude: "Can i have you number..?!"
OP's Girl: "Sure !
What could go wrong?!
We just met !
AND i have a boyfriend !"
Probably.
I've had a random pizza delivery guy one night suddenly texting me.
I was so creeped out and confused how he got it.
Must have gotten it at his work.
Another night I was going out with my friend and met two guys in a train, and one of them was a old friend of my friend.
Never gave him my number but he was texting me the next day anyway cause apparently he asked my friend for my number and without asking me first she just gave it to him.
Shit like this happens all the time.
They were in the same friend group?
When someone gets pushy for a number and i dont want to be mean about it just yet, I always say i'm changing my number this weekend because some nut got it.
Or i'm getting spammed non-stop.
So i don't have my new number yet and this one is already blocking incoming calls &amp; texts.
Or i just tell them i block all incoming calls &amp; texts.
I keep an extra public social media account for random people to contact me on and set real ones to private.
The only consolation I could take away from that is you're probably attractive.
What the possesses people to just hand out phone numbers?
That's because you're smart.
Please pass this along.
Aww, thanx.
I do tell people this often.
:) I have no problem just firmly saying no, but there are times it isn't the best option.
Also, keep a google number to give out to new people.
With the app you can forward calls and answer texts but block people easily.
Lots of management options.
And no need to change your real number if the google number is comprimised.
Once you trust them, give them the real number.
I use Google numbers for all my loyalty/club accounts too.
It kinda does I think.
Same here.
Usually people will tell friends and family they "lost" your number and need to reach you, leading them to believe you already gave it to them.
nope she’s obviously up to no good!!!
(sorry I should have added an \s)
Shit like this is a factor in why people are reluctant to report assault.
This person is getting creepy as fuck texts and this thread is full is people blaming them for it because (everyone is assuming) they gave their number to the creep.
Holding a victim responsible for a perpetrator’s actions contributes to the this sort of behavior, whether you want to accept that or not.
This dude could have gotten this woman’s number in  any number of ways but, no, it does not in fact matter whether she gave it willingly or he got it from someone else or from a group text or picked the number out of thin fucking air.
He’s a predatory creep who was going to do this no matter what.
Right?
Day one.. got the number...
Lol chill out, nobody is condoning his behavior.
It's possible to prevent assault by being smart.
People are gonna do what they are gonna do but you can do yourself a favor and not put yourself in weird situations.
This isn't about victim blaming it's about doing your part to not become a victim.
She clearly said she wasn’t interested so why would you think she gave him her number for romantic reasons?
If a group is all hanging out together or using a group text he could get her number.
[removed]
I hope you called the pizza place and told them.
That’s way out of bounds.
It gets creepier.
I'll explain how it went.
It was a few years ago and I ordered Domino's.
So the delivery guy comes over, and he said that he should check the box to see if the pizza was in order (which already ringed some bells to me, cause they never do that in front of your door while talking to you).
He opened the box and the pizza looked fine, except for one slice where some of the toppings fell off, but nothing too big.
He was like "Oh no, they can't do that.
You deserve a perfectly good pizza, let me call them and order a new one.
You won't have to pay for anything" and I was like "No, it's fine honestly.
It looks good to me" and he kept insisting to call them to order a new one (for free).
Eventually I agreed and he apologized for the 'ruined' pizza and left.
So later I get a new one from Domino's from a different delivery guy, and like 2 hours later I get a text from a random number and it's the first delivery guy (based on his picture) asking me "How is it going?".
When I ignored him he said "It seems like you aren't happy I texted you?"
I just blocked him and showed it to my parents and they said they would call Domino's but ended up never doing.
I wish I had called them, but I was 16 and was kinda shy and scared since he obviously knew where I lived if I reported it to his boss he would come back to take revenge or something if he maybe lost his job.
But it's creepy cause I think he messed with my pizza on purpose.
And I was 16 and he seemed like he was 24 so it gave me pedo vibes.
[removed]
This is the same thing as asking what someone was wearing when they were raped.
It just another shade of victim blaming.
Yeah, we can all be vigilant and try to protect ourselves but a determined creep or predator is going to find a way to perpetrate no matter what.
Bingo, your number is visible to everyone in the group.
Also, group texts are cancer.
&gt;This is the same thing as asking what someone was wearing when they were raped

  


No it's not.
Ugh.
That's so creepy.
I'm trying to figure out why he might've messed up the pizza-- did he hope he'd get to deliver the replacement and form some kind of rapport because of it?
Did he think he'd come off as a nice guy hero and you'd throw yourself at him?
[deleted]
[removed]
My Google number is the number i always used for when i used tinder.
I felt way more comfortable giving that out over my real number.
But even still, i would get guys on there way too pushy to get my number even though i only spoke to them for one day.
When i explained that I'd like to get to know them better before i gave it out id always hear how they're not creepy and shit.
Those guys i usually ended up unmatching.
I dont like feeling pressured at all.
It isnt cool.
That’s a lot of assumptions just to make her look bad.
Title says he kept doing this to the girls in the group, so could easily be someone else’s screenshot.
And even if it was his girlfriend, dude could have got her number from a group text, or from another friend, or for from her before he started being creepy.
Girls and guys are allowed to be friends and have each other’s numbers.
It doesn’t automatically mean she’s a ho or an attention seeker.
doesn’t look like a group text.
[deleted]
Would you believe that there's a group text we can't see.
He gets her number from the group text and then texts her individually.
you're absolutely right - you could be buck ass naked and passed out and it wouldn't be at all your fault.
I'm 1000% in agreement.
Just be sure to tell that to the judge at your rape trial!
That's what I bet.
I don't have to ask any person's number in my school because we're all in the same group chat so I can just look them up and I have it.
maybe he was stoned and wanted to eat the "ruined" pizza in his car on the drive back.
So he could have gotten the number from the group text and started a new convoy just with her to woo her.
Google number...?
Its a virtual phone number through Google Voice.
I've had them for years.
They forward, port, voicemail, use the app, etc.
Everyone should have one!
My brother used to get one in a new location so he could put a local number on applications.
I use them for rewards clubs and verification.
If you have a google account just go to Google Voice and choose a number.
It can be any area code you want.
There’s always the one asshole who turns the whole conversation green.
Phone number =/= pussy.
&gt; "I'm not interested in true love, said no girl ever    
... 
*woman 

just fucken end me.
I feel like all these screenshots are fake.
Have to be.
I mean, I just can't believe that there are so many of these guys out there.
It just can't be.
Are they from another planet maybe?
Must be.
Everything else just doesn't make sense.
Women are princesses.
Perfect and unfailing and that's what should be expected from my girl, women*
lol No, it's just that before all the on line connecting, we seldom had written proof this is how so many guys are.
haha nah there are plenty of people who act like this.
imagine being a girl on any public transport.
but between u and me ive heard they're from mars though,
Welcome to the present.
Thats the best sales pitch ive ever heard.
Trying to sell your car and a prospective buyer turns it down?
Just be like "oh ok so you dont want the car of your dreams?
Id dont really believe you but ok."
[removed]
Ha I wish they were fake but we aren't so lucky.
There are 7 billion people on the planet.
If even 0.1% were like this, that's still 7 million.
If even 0.1% of those were posted about online, that's still 7000 people.
Men can go their whole lives without ever really meeting these guys.
We have our friends and they are solid dudes and we get to sort of pick who we end up talking to as far as new dudes are concerned.
Women talk to way more total strangers than men ever do, and the creepiest dudes are usually doing shit like this to multiple women.
So there is certain percent of shitty dudes we’ll never encounter but most women will encounter a couple times.
A lot of these screenshots are fake but not because these people don't exist.
But because Iphone conversations are literally the easiest thing in the world to fake.
There are hundreds of different websites you can go make one of these conversations in less than a minute.
every single woman i know has multiple stories of men acting like this around them....this is certainly on the worse end of the spectrum but this kind of behavior is incredibly common.
The best part is how he did this to *all* the girls int he friend group.
Cast a line, you might catch a fish.
Cast a net, and your chances go up.
[deleted]
Hi dying, I'm dad!
[removed]
I used to think the same, until my friends showed me messages they'd get on dating apps/sites.
They're Asian, so the creepiness factor of the messages are multiplied like 10x.
Seems like he's just creating an opportunity to take his shot, he's just using the wrong everything to do it.
His method is terrible, the angle is bad, and the logic doesn't work.
But at least he is trying something.
The dating unknown is scary.
And nobody likes being shot down.
But the learning experience of failing eventually leads to growth.
That's true.
It's a pretty terrible shot but dude is trying, I guess.
80% of guys in this sub will never shoot.
It's better to not try at all, Than it is to say shit like this.
If you're over 17 and dont think that saying things like that is creepy and weird, and the worst possible way to go about things.. then I just don't know what to say.
It's.... not really better to not try at all.
What dude said is weird and pretty creepy, yes, but it isn't the worst thing in the fucking world.
If you think this is bad, you need to spend more time on this sub or in redpills.
Dude needs a lot of work obviously.
Hopefully he grows and learns.
And like I said, 80% of Redditors are self-proclaimed socially awkward nerds with anxiety and depression.
They would never shoot at all.
I don't agree that it's better to not try at all.
That's where you become paralyzed by fear and rejection.
Which, again, 80% of Redditors.
Ehhh I’ve had a few buddies in the past who needed a good cold splash of reality to hit them when they try garbage like this.
These kinds of guys are usually so convinced that their approach is the right way to do it, that they’ll ignore any criticism until they actually try it.
Then, when things inevitably fail miserably, they’re a bit more receptive of advice.
That is true, one has to at least try.
I think the most cringeworthy part is how he keeps pathetically pushing after she bluntly tells him she’s not interested.
Pushiness has never worked with me.
From the other comments here it seemed like they also found disrespectful how he kept acting like he know what she wanted better than she did and didn’t take no for an answer.
Times have changed too!
What’s obviously creepy and cringe today may not have been so or so much anyways back 10/20/30 years ago.
Op stated that the girlfriend was not the only one to receive this sort of message.
If you think this is OK, there's something seriously wrong with you.
The guy wasn't trying to take his shot, he was throwing his balls everywhere hoping to make it in the nearest hole thatll let him score.
I agree, it won't work, but it's better to try to get 1% better everyday than do nothing.
&gt;The guy wasn't trying to take his shot, he was throwing his balls everywhere hoping to make it in the nearest hole thatll let him score.
.....yeah, annnd?
Obviously it wasn't successful.
I'm not really seeing how this was as "horrible" as some of you think it was.
You may need to get outside more, tbh.
This was pretty tame in comparison to a lot of stuff on this sub.
Something must be *seriously* wrong with me?
Lmao, kid, it isn't that serious at all.
I don't care if he copied/pasted the same message to 10 girls in the group chat.
They aren't going to be permanently scarred for life.
Relax.
I know in today's social climate we never think of ourselves as having the capacity to be TOO sensitive, but...
&gt;It's better to not try at all, Than it is to say shit like this.
This right here is the embodiment of modern gender politics.
Man likes and wants to do x, woman doesn't like x.
The modern "compromise" is that x is literally never allowed to happen.
Why do women **always** get to be the sole deciders of acceptable behavior?
What even?
?
That's how it goes anymore.
If men want things one way, and women want things another way, the solution is ALWAYS to do things the way women want.
Always.
All gender norms are expected to change in ways that favor women over men.
I don't see what this has to do with anything.
Hopefully what he learned was that hitting on taken girls usually doesn’t work, and being pushy makes you look desperate.
Oh this guy is definitely desperate!!
And I'm sure he didn't learn those things yet.
The OP would rather not swing at all instead of maybe swinging and missing because the potential blowback from feminist allies could be so severe.
But this doesn't have anything to do with feminism.
This is *everybody* agreeing that there's nothing wrong with taking a chance, but do it respectfully and don't be a creep about it.
This was absolutely an inappropriate and creepy way to talk to someone.
It can't be an absolute if many people disagree.
I'm one of those people.
Etiquette will always be an opinion call no matter how hard you want to shame people who think differently from you.
You're trying to find any way to spin this message so that its somehow appropriate.
Well I don't know I guess keep being a creep to people instead of growing and learning.
Good luck.
I read this and walked across the house to kiss my husband.
It helped but it didn’t quite get rid of the cringe I felt knowing that people like this are out there.
Aren't you that woman that unplugged your husband's phone and hid all of the chargers just to get him to kiss you awake in the morning?
You're no prize yourself, I feel bad for your husband that he's with a woman who has no clue how to communicate and does shit like that to get attention.
[removed]
[removed]
This made me go through her history.. oh wow.
Yeah, it paints quite the picture doesn't it?
Yup, what an insecure woman 😳.
I legitimately feel sorry for whatever poor man is stuck dealing with that, and the child that will be in the middle of their inevitable divorce.
Me too.
Her husband seems really patient and lovely, but he will "burn out" eventually like you said

Edit: yes downvoting me proves my point lol.
Aren't you the guy who missed all the comments where her husband appreciated it and laughed at the mob who went way overboard with their criticism?
[deleted]
Ikr.
Good chance she might not have.
Creeps get numbers in all sorts of ways, boys.
[deleted]
You're making up your own answer too, bro.
Unless the OP answers none of us know.
The fact that you automatically think she just gave her number out when the post said he did this to several of the women in the group makes it sound like there was a group text with everyone's phone numbers - vs these women giving this guy their numbers.
But it's cool, we get it, a ton of you on this thread think women are untrustworthy.
I'm including myself in "everyone" 💩 this is fucking stupid.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I said a "ton" not everyone.
Have you actually read the thread?
Because I had nothing better to do and I did.
Your comment has been made repeatedly in this thread.
That's my point.
When a bunch of guys make that point there is a reason.... be it that they might just all be incels or that they legit think women are untrustworthy or they didn't read the full post where it says the guy sent the same text to multiple women in the group of friends...
I donno man, it's not my issue.
Hello over reaction.
Do you feel better now that you've freaked out?
[deleted]

Summary: 
he did get your girl's number...
I assumed it was a friend of hers.
It kinda does I think.
I don't see what this has to do with anything.
I do tell people this often.
I'm one of those people.
I dont like feeling pressured at all.
(sorry I should have added an \s)
I don't agree that it's better to not try at all.
I feel like all these screenshots are fake.
I was so creeped out and confused how he got it.
I said a "ton" not everyone.
Day one.. got the number...
I got clean and sober too.
They were in the same friend group?
doesn’t look like a group text.
where are you getting this quote?
Because I had nothing better to do and I did.
It's.... not really better to not try at all.
He was like "Oh no, they can't do that.
Shit like this happens all the time.
I use Google numbers for all my loyalty/club accounts too.
Girls and guys are allowed to be friends and have each other’s numbers.
I mean, I just can't believe that there are so many of these guys out there.
I donno man, it's not my issue.
I felt way more comfortable giving that out over my real number.
He gets her number from the group text and then texts her individually.
Creeps get numbers in all sorts of ways, boys.
It's better to not try at all, Than it is to say shit like this.
Weird Dude: "Can i have you number..?!"
And nobody likes being shot down.
Then we want you over here.
Leaving that is death in many ways.
It was a few years ago and I ordered Domino's.
As a *woman, I am indeed swooning.
Maybe he asked a not so close friend for the number?
OP's Girl: "hey new guy in the group!"
Also, group texts are cancer.
It is a threat of 'you will have nothing if you leave me'.
That is true, one has to at least try.
Also, keep a google number to give out to new people.
I hope you called the pizza place and told them.
It's a pretty terrible shot but dude is trying, I guess.
I use them for rewards clubs and verification.
That’s where he got the *woman from.
Bingo, your number is visible to everyone in the group.
When I ignored him he said "It seems like you aren't happy I texted you?"
I'm not really seeing how this was as "horrible" as some of you think it was.
He did come and try to kill me.
&gt;It's better to not try at all, Than it is to say shit like this.
i had a girl do this to me, wouldnt leave me alone.
But it's creepy cause I think he messed with my pizza on purpose.
Its a virtual phone number through Google Voice.
It can be any area code you want.
Would you believe that there's a group text we can't see.
But at least he is trying something.
See this is how cheesy I think I sound when I try to be sweet or emotional.
That’s way out of bounds.
This is even true when the person is confiding in you that they think they want to leave.
Pushiness has never worked with me.
That’s what you get when you have people who’ve never been in a relationship writing all about them.
I don't care if he copied/pasted the same message to 10 girls in the group chat.
If a group is all hanging out together or using a group text he could get her number.
It's difficult for them to leave for a lot of reasons.
What the possesses people to just hand out phone numbers?
