Original Response: 
they admitted they took 7 down.
whats this post about?
anything new?
Who admitted?
Nobody, I think he’s mistaken.
Source on that that isn't  "google it"
Welp, John Kerry said it was brought down "in a controlled fashion".
And Larry Silverstein  said there was a decision made to 'pull it' and 'then we watched the building collapse'.
John Kerry admitted it on video one time.
John Kerry famously said that he thought 7 was ["brought down in a controlled fashion.
"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJsJjYwYOAA)
[John Kerry basically did.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJsJjYwYOAA)
I think Silverstein was talking about pulling firefighters out of the building, since at that point there was no real reason to try and save it.
Could you provide a source of John Kerry's statement?
Surely he walked that back, there’s no way they let that cat fully out the bag, the whole narrative would be subject to justified scrutiny if a building was wired to blow before the planes hit...
Nah, firefighters abandoned building 7 long before it collapsed.
There was nobody there.
As for the John Kerry statement, google is your friend.
There's no real time given when Silverstein said to "Pull it."
It could have been hours before it collapsed, before they pulled the firefighters out.
Listen to him.
"A decision was made to pull it, and then we watched the building collapse".
It's very clear.
But keep lying to yourself.
That interview was from a year later.
The timeframe of that comment is not clear.
Why would he admit, in an edited interview, the building had explosives in it?
Okay.
What about John Kerry saying the building was brought down in a controlled fashion?
It doesn't seem like he was that well informed about tower 7.
The guy asking the question also says that "pull it" is the standard term in the industry.
From what I can tell, it's not.
"He was not well informed" Oh my...you're so full of shit.
He even goes on saying that the decision was made because of security reasons.
But sure bud, he was not well informed.
You guys really want to keep your head under the sand.
He doesn't seem like he really knows what he's talking about.
Did they put a bunch of demo charges in while it was burning?

Summary: 
they admitted they took 7 down.
Welp, John Kerry said it was brought down "in a controlled fashion".
What about John Kerry saying the building was brought down in a controlled fashion?
John Kerry admitted it on video one time.
"A decision was made to pull it, and then we watched the building collapse".
