Original Response: 
Hey everyone, I’ve recently sparked an interest in wanting to found a Logistics business.
A little background, I’m a freshman in college, and the idea was planted by majoring in business and by playing the video game American Truck Simulator.
I’m learning more about business everyday, and I’m trying to apply what I’m learning to what I’d like to get into.
I know it’s better to hone in on one thing rather than branching out, but my vision is to have a multifaceted sort of company, if you will.
I feel while this will be a longer, more expensive plan, it will make me more in the long run.
A big question I have is, is this even a good idea?
One thing worth noting is, I plan on introducing everything in phases.
Phase 1 would be just introducing the business, getting the proper licenses and everything and then I plan on starting by transporting exotic/luxury cars.
I’d either be working with clients, or with dealers and foreseeing their day to day operations.
I chose exotic car transport to start because I feel like startup costs are relatively low.
I then plan on branching out into moving and/or towing/wrecker in phase 2, before moving onto heavy equipment/specialized transportation in phase 3.
The hardest thing so far is finding a name.
There are MANY logistics businesses, but not all of the plan on being as multifaceted as I plan on being.
If anybody could help me find a name, that would be greatly appreciated.
I’ve tried combining words, like Navigate+Away to form NavAway (unique, catchy) but that was taken.
One thing I will note is that I’d like just a single word.
As with the expansions, I’d like to keep everything short and concise.
For example, ‘(company name) Exotic,’ or, ‘(company name) Heavy,’ if that helps you get a better idea.
Any and all help is appreciated.
TL;DR: Starting a Logistics business, can’t find a name.
It seems you fell in love with NavAway.
How you use a name with similar meaning in a different language?
You can pick French, German, Japanese among others.
Not a bad idea, not really sure how to combine the words though.
You can combine them in the order that they appear.
It may, however, be a bit complex and hard for the market to identify with.
People are more likely to remember and associate with brands that have appealing, short, memorable, and pronuncable names.
&amp;#x200B;

I am actually thinking that you can name your company  'logística,' the Spanish equivalent for logistics.
From that, you can have any other sub-labels such as  logística luxury,  logística towing and  logística heavy commercial.
&amp;#x200B;

What do you think?
I like it, it’s pretty catchy.
I think I’ll have to add like group or services or something after it though in order to secure a domain that isn’t taken.
You can.
Though only for the purposes of the domain.
I would suggest you popularize the name just as it is.
Correct.
Just a one word name that I could build off of, for example Logistika Heavy or Logistika Movers or something is sort of what I was looking for.
I did notice that Logistika was taken though.
You can try others in that line.
True, my bad for the late response.
Thanks for the help!
I’ll look into either abbreviations, something with stars, or changing the languages.
Thanks man.
You are welcome man.
I am glad I added value to your query.
In case you will need any help in the planning phase, feel free to contact me.
I am a specialist in writing business plans.
I absolutely will!
Right now I’m just a freshman in college with a dollar and a dream but if you want to message me to get a rough draft together or something I’d be more than appreciative!
I will certainly get in touch with you.

Summary: 
I am a specialist in writing business plans.
I will certainly get in touch with you.
I would suggest you popularize the name just as it is.
I like it, it’s pretty catchy.
I did notice that Logistika was taken though.
Any and all help is appreciated.
One thing I will note is that I’d like just a single word.
