Original Response: 
I havnt looked into this issue much, but it seems people are getting more upset about money going to education than money going to building shit submarines.
I take it as, LNP paying rich schools while pub school fundings are always short.
In short, why?
This and $500 mil Great Barrier Reef funding, why is LNP making such hasty decision for such large sum?
To please rich buddies?
Or they’re just idiots in disguise?
If they have billions to burn, why not proper FTTP NBN?
Proper FTTP NBN didn't happen because the libs didn't want their precious Telstra shares to take  hit.
It’s which education sector gets the money.Not the fact money was donated.
But nice false equivalency.
Maybe you should look into this issue a bit more because you clearly aren't getting to grips on what the core issues here seem to be.
Nice post, that's a very succinct way to let us know you know fuck all about education OR shipbuilding.
And Murdoch was trying to release his Foxtel ADSL plans...Can't have competition for old rupert.
Maybe we would if some of the subs were getting extra upgrades and only being used to patrol Rose Bay and Vaucluse.
Thanks for enlighting me.
while i agree that the submarines are a stupid waste of money, so is this and one does not detract from another.
they werent wrong about the subs being a stupid way to spend money.
Why?
Seems like an island nation with a massive coastline in the general region of its largest global rivals would benefit from a capable navy.
'capable' indeed.
for us to have a navy 'capable' of doing frankly anything with our massive coastline we would need to massively increase funding to the navy which i think is a near total waste of money.
Basically our military is a complete joke, without assistance from allies any country in the region could have a good go and most would simply roll us.
for example Indonesia could crush us if they wanted too, unless we multpilyed out spending by about 10 times we cant do anything, our population is tiney, our standing military personnel stand at some 500,000 with the majority of those being support staff for the even smaller amount of people who actually fight.
we are far to small to try have a military that can defend against countries with literally more than 10 times our population.
Honestly we should either totally scrap our military and focus on building really good relationships ith our neighbours ( it makes zero sense that we arent as close as possible to Indonesia, they are close and massive in population and we could have a pretty good two way relationship there) or we should redirect the entire military budget into missile systems of every kind, from cruise missiles, to ICBMs.
and enormous radar/sonar coverage much more efficient way of protecting the nation than a string line of ships and planes.

Summary: 
they werent wrong about the subs being a stupid way to spend money.
It’s which education sector gets the money.Not the fact money was donated.
while i agree that the submarines are a stupid waste of money, so is this and one does not detract from another.
