Original Response: 
[removed]
If this protest became a huge issue profit-wise (e.g.
almost the whole city stops going to games) he would just relocate to the team to a place like Quebec City where they'll be so happy to have a team back they won't care how corrupt their owner is and won't boycott shit.
[removed]
Melnyk would likely sell to Joe Spano so long as he got his money up-front.
Melnyk was offered 600 million for the team from local Ottawa buyers and he turned them down.
He wants LeBreton more than anyone in the world.
Moving the team is not even an option for him.
It's either commit to LeBreton and then sell the team as a package, or sell the team now to some businessmen in Ottawa.
Just because I don't know a lot about business and relocating and shit doesn't make me an idiot, no need to be an asshole.
I never knew about any "multi-millionaire dollar development plan".
Man, I was making a joke.
There's a lot that goes into sales.
Jim Balsillie tried to buy a couple teams as well.
I just chose to make the punchline include Spano because he was a known fraudster.
Obviously people, such as Melnyk, are affectionate toward their possessions even when others, such as the fans, don't believe they're doing the best with them.
Jokes can still be made though.
You never heard about the Sens plan to move to downtown Ottawa?
It's pretty common knowledge at this point.
And if you don't know what you're talking about then you shouldn't be spouting off your opinion on the matter.
I’m an oilers fan, not a fucking Senators fan.
So then don't fucking talk about the Senators when you clearly don't know shit.
I'm allowed to state my opinion dipshit, that's literally what you're supposed to do on Reddit.
What's your problem dude.
What's my problem is that I have to hear people constantly talk about my team being relocated, and that the fans sticking up for their team will increase those chances.
It's annoying, and I'm sick of hearing it.
I'm sorry your team is fucked, you don't have take your anger out on me.
I don't have to but unfortunately I chose to.

Summary: 
Moving the team is not even an option for him.
Man, I was making a joke.
I don't have to but unfortunately I chose to.
I'm sorry your team is fucked, you don't have take your anger out on me.
