Original Response: 
As R&amp;D Chef, I oversee the menu for nearly 2,500 Chipotle restaurants.
I also run the NEXT kitchen where we create and test new menu items.
I’m proud to work for a company where all of the food is made fresh with no added flavors, colors or preservatives (except lemon and lime juices, which can be used as preservatives, though we use them only for taste).
I love that we only use 51 real ingredients across our menu, which you can see displayed right on our homepage at chipotle.com.
I have the best job because I get to see what new ingredients could make the line-up.
Proof: https://i.redd.it/xv63g1xb7on11.jpg

Edit: Thanks Reddit signing off now!
It's lunchtime in CA, got to get a burrito.
Would you ever consider adding shrimp as an option to the menu?
I think it would be delicious in your burritos.
We have totally discussed it.
Most shrimp comes frozen - but Chipotle doesn't have or use freezers.
This is the biggest challenge for us.
[deleted]
Chipotle makes enough people sick with just the basic proteins.
think of how many more people they will get ill if you start adding seafood into their restaurants.
BAD IDEA.
Ahh yes, I can see that being a challenge.
Thanks for answering!
There's also an allergy issue.
If shellfish is sharing the prep surfaces either deal with the heightened risk or double the amount of prep space.
I don't see that scaling for Chipotle's way of doing business.
Not to be unpopular, but I love that Chipotles are shellfish free.
I don't eat shellfish (or pork) for religious and allergy reasons, and it's nice to have a place to go that doesn't have it on the menu.
Also, the way that the food line operates would make it a nightmare to avoid shellfish cross-contamination.
Same goes for peanut products.
I love Chipotle and if shrimp was added to the menu, I'd be hesitant to eat there unless I knew there wasn't the possibility of cross-contamination from my food being pushed down the same counter/and with lots of hands potential getting shrimp on them.
:)
One can dream..
why would you dream of foodborne illness?
Not dreaming of foodborne illness, just dreaming of a world where I can consume a delicious Chipotle shrimp burrito.. without getting sick.
Maybe it doesn't exist.
You know they have pork, right?
Yup.
Less concerned about cross-contamination with pork, because I'm not allergic to it (I've had it accidentally before and been fine).
I've been accidentally shellfished and was also near shellfish being cooked, and that was less good.
Echoing what others have said, I’d be extremely disappointed if Chipotle started serving seafood.
Chipotle is one of the few places I can eat and not have to worry about my seafood and nut allergy.
If you started serving shrimp, it would take Chipotle completely off the table for me due to the cross-contamination issues that are so prevalent in buffet-style places.
So many restaurants and food manufacturers lately have gone from being allergy friendly to adding fish or peanuts.
Please don’t be another one.
Ah, that makes sense.
I'm also allergic to shrimp so I agree with you there.
What's the (in your opinion) the most interesting menu item in the R&amp;D Department that did (or didn't) make it to menus in Chipotle Restaurants?
SO I love hot peppers, especially Ghost and Habanero.
Still trying to find a way to get the flavor without all the heat.
Habanero Peppers are honestly my favorite pepper!
The flavor is amazing!
I would love to see some sort of habanero-infused dish in the future!
Maybe an "Extra-Hot" Salsa or something!
Maybe a mango habanero salsa?
I know that is one of the ways to get the flavor and SOME of the heat while still appealing to a big audience!
Roast them like you would with a jalapeno.
They'll probably still be spicier than chipotle, but it'll kick it down a few notches.
I bet it would taste awesome, too.
I wonder if they might be good if you: deseeded/de-ribbed them, roast the peppers, then pickled them.
You'd get some interesting flavors on that chain.
Or sun dried them after roasting them.
Kicking down the heat and concentrating the flavor.
Gonna try this now.
I'd love a mango/habenero salsa.
seed them then dry the peppers and add to a smoked salt.
grind the salt and use as normal.
adjust salt to pepper ratio to desired ass melting level.
Please please please get a decent hot salsa going that doesn’t just taste like pain and vinegar.
I need some habanero goodness in my life 

Also:
Drop the mango and sold for me!
Habanero in the beans or rice.
I should have caught thread this earlier.
Why the fuck are chains afraid of the heat?
If I'm getting ghost or habanero salsa on a burrito then I want the burn.
Neutering the heat removes the point of the pepper and changes the flavor profile in an unpalatable way.
Agreed no need to muddle up good habaneros with cliche mangos added.
I want something creative and new not something that’s overdone and not that good.
For ghost peppers it requires an exorcist.
cause most people are lawsuit-happy pussies who will claim permanent trauma from real spicy food...
Then they shouldn't be ordering fucking ghost pepper salsa.
Put two or three peppers in a stylized flame next to the menu option, that should keep them covered from lawsuits.
I agree but the problem is that stupid doesn't think smartly like we do..they are the reason we can't have nice things..
Screw the wimps I'd love a super hot salsa.

Summary: 
I think it would be delicious in your burritos.
Maybe a mango habanero salsa?
I'm also allergic to shrimp so I agree with you there.
I bet it would taste awesome, too.
I need some habanero goodness in my life 

Also:
I'd love a mango/habenero salsa.
I should have caught thread this earlier.
Not to be unpopular, but I love that Chipotles are shellfish free.
why would you dream of foodborne illness?
Ahh yes, I can see that being a challenge.
SO I love hot peppers, especially Ghost and Habanero.
