Original Response: 
It seems like the usual one hasn’t been made so I’m just going to post this one?
I don’t have a fancy template like the normal one though, sorry.
I’m sorry this thread has been absolutely insufferable from leafs fans, just jerking each other off and cannot admit any wrong doings from their team.
Like damn it’s bad.
Quit trolling and enjoy the game.
[deleted]
Only bad thing is ur team, don’t @ me.
So get the fuck out?
I’m not trolling, I have been enjoying the game even though we are getting our asses kicked.
Just saying you guys haven’t been objective at all and are being pretty insufferable.
you can talk shit about the team/fans for 10 years or you can complain when they're good, but ya can't do both.
Even Vegas fans are telling you to flair up lol.
There should be a “not the leafs” flair, it would be the second most popular flair.
I never talked shit about leafs fans when they were bad lol.
Alright man.
I know we are bad and that doesn’t bother me lol I’ve been expecting this.
I’m on mobile otherwise I would.
sure.
Wings fan, just use mobile and don’t know how to.
I mean it's r/hockey not r/Leafs he (or she) has just as much of the right to be here as you do.
Am I agreeing with them?
No, but they still have the right to be here and to not be told to get the fuck out.
Yeah fuck Leafs fans for being happy about how good their team is after a decade + of being one of the worst in the league.
Fuck them.
Were objectively kicking ur shit in.
They're hyped about their team, man.
Kinda sucks sometimes, but I get it.
I really never did, we were in the West for most of the time they sucked anyways.
They weren’t on my mind at all.
Cool ?
I’m not talking about the outcome of the game tho.
If the score were reversed I'm sure the tables would be just as turned.
No most wings fans don’t even use game threads on here, we were 6-0 before this and weren’t THIS bad.
Congrats on the team tho you guys are good.
[deleted]
alright then, sorry to assume.
good luck this year.
What would you like me to be objective about then.
People calling bertuzzi an ahler even tho he had points in half his games, and like saying he was a goon like that shits ridiculous and annoying.
Fans of good team say their team is good.
More at 11.
&gt; cannot admit any wrong doings from their team

On behalf of Toronto, we're sorry for this upcoming season.
CAN WE DO THIS?
Like a red circle with a line through it over the Leafs logo?
Then why do you care when Leafs fans cheer but not other teams.
They're complaining about this place but staying.
"So get the fuck out?"
Is honestly a very reasonable response.
Sure then, Bertuzzi's a god.
This is like the least talked about thing in this thread though lol.

Summary: 
So get the fuck out?
"So get the fuck out?"
What would you like me to be objective about then.
Am I agreeing with them?
Fans of good team say their team is good.
I’m on mobile otherwise I would.
Congrats on the team tho you guys are good.
