Original Response: 
[deleted]
Kaepernick has a lot of good will and fans in Nike's target demo.
Win win situation for everyone.
Except for those poor lost neglected Chinese orphans who make the shoes.
Actually, whatever, they didn't have anything better to do anyway and it passes the time until they can be sold into sexual slavery to the Saudis.
Dang I need to revisit my ADHD prescription, this is a conversation about the suffering of BLACK Americans north of Mexico but south of Canada and I'm being *super* insensitive to their plight.
This went over my head.
Nike almost singlehandedly saved Cambodia, the fact that they used child labor sucked, but since the Khmer Rouge occurred the entire working class was under 13...
Exactly!
Is Cambodia nice enough that we can take a holiday in Cambodia yet?
It's actually a discussion about effective ad campaigns, but yes just because stuff sucks elsewhere doesn't mean we should forget about what we can fix in our own country.
You can, but it’s more of an “adventure”!
Simple man.
DK reference.
Upvote.
Oh how the reddit rhetoric changes so quickly.
I would say it’s fascinating, but it’s also predictable.
This comment needs a lot of explaining.
I see you used English words but in what context does the former apply?
If it’s the latter perhaps we’re both kept in the dark?
I love this research, Reddit is a great place for rhetorical anecdotes.
Nike was almost at Nestle levels of hate on Reddit for years.
TIL and other subs were filled with anti-Nike posts that hit huge upvote numbers on the front page yearly, if not monthly.
Now that hate is excused or ignored completely in an effort to push the most recent temporary political circlejerk.
Maybe you haven’t been here long enough to see it, or you care too much about the current topic to be honest.
Ahh, I visited Cambodia, and that changed my mind yrs ago.
Yes child labor is bad, but in countries like Cambodia kids will be working, don’t blame bike for the cheap labor, blame the Cambodian govt for killing all the grown men.
And they still lost billions in market cap.
You spinsters are really trying to make this look like a good move on nike's part when the numbers show it sure as shit was anything BUT that.
Wait how is an increase in sales not helping your market share?
You forgot to mention they’re up 10s of billions just this year.
Shits a decimal point.
Because market cap doesn’t work that way.
Often public sentiment will sway share prices a lot more than actual fundamentals or ongoing business developments.
In the short term sure, people’s perception will get shattered one way of the other when earnings come out and this supposed shift in market share is either confirmed or not by actual earnings.
Actual fundamentals will blow out misinformed sentiment 99 times out of 100...if not more.
We'll see, I guess.
Changes in share prices are based on projections.
Sales are up, but we'll have to wait and see where they level out at.
How's that a bad thing?
I bought stock cheaper and I can ride the wave up they've been on all year.
Yep.
Just means the dumb money sold off providing a buying opportunity for smart money.
Not like Nike didn't anticipate this.
That’s it.
The manufactured outrage coming from the Kaep campaign will be forgotten in a month, if that.
That’s why this is so funny to watch.
People are losing their shit, but they’ll find something else a week later to lose their shit about.
Sorry, about which to lose their shit.
I went to college.
But that’s when company performance will balance out the price drop.
This whole outrage machine lasts 2 weeks at the most.
Anyone remember that Campbell’s showed some humanity in support of “GaY AgENda”?!?!
I’m pretty sure whatever dickhead that was “boycotting” them bought plenty of Cream of Mushroom that November.
Ridiculous.
so do you actually know what market cap means?
just wondering, i mean you are completley right, but it just sounds like your making it up, sorry not sure why.
a short term blip at the long term expense of their brand - yet another example of the Get Woke Go Broke phenomenon.
What are the other examples?
How does this negatively affect their brand in the long run?
golly i don't know how siding with an unpopular divisive figure could possibly hurt their brand long term.
It's a mystery.
ESPN, Starbucks, Battlefield V, Ghostbusters

all hurt their business by taking unwarranted "woke" positions in opposition to their customers.
it's a brilliant long term trend as any analysis anywhere shows the world going more diverse, not less.
Only racial bias sees otherwise.
diverse is not a synonym for retarded or communist.
Unpopular?
Amongst what demographic?
LoL what "woke" position did Ghostbusters take, casting women?
How rebellious.
ESPN...Starbucks....geee those companies sure are failing....

Poor Starbucks with their 74Bn market cap....

https://www.cnbc.com/2018/04/05/heres-what-happens-to-shares-of-companies-that-trump-attacks.html.
Lol.
Racists and false patriots.
God forbid!
look at polling instead of reddit sometime rookie.
Ghostbusters did so poorly that planned sequels were cancelled

ESPN continues to hemorrhage subscribers

stating market cap is NOT an argument, especially if said market cap is lower than before the recent controversy

irrelevant link is irrelevant.

Summary: 
so do you actually know what market cap means?
Sorry, about which to lose their shit.
You can, but it’s more of an “adventure”!
Because market cap doesn’t work that way.
And they still lost billions in market cap.
Not like Nike didn't anticipate this.
Sales are up, but we'll have to wait and see where they level out at.
Wait how is an increase in sales not helping your market share?
This went over my head.
How's that a bad thing?
Changes in share prices are based on projections.
