Original Response: 
As someone who is grinding for 2 weeks (800G woop woop), the only thing I dislike are the botters (mostly rangers and necro's) which I reported daily for botting and they are still doing what they are doing....
It demotivates me to farm myself the whole time and seriously starting to think to bot myself.
Those fuckers probably earned more G than me.
They are not necessarily bots.
Maybe what op saw were not bots, especially because I've never seen ranger bots.
But there are indeed a lot of Necro bots, they are less than before but they still exist and if you go to less populated places you'll usually see one or two.
bots?
:O how can you tell?
they don't reply to YOUR whispers?
:P.
Ranger bot with pet and traps.
Staying whole day on the same spot, popping certain skills (like a trap) within the same time interval.
And yes, not replying at all.
bored people could do that :P and they are only requiered to reply to GM :P 

do you reply to everyone that whispers you?
:P cause i don't :P i even block people that become annoying.
Bored people don't stay in the same spot repeating the same ability over and over again.
First of all because that would be even more boring and second, it is not very profitable as they would have to wait until the mob respawns.
Bored people either leave the game and go do other things or search for a thing in-game that would entertain them.
So.. wouldn't that also mean you are doing basically the same thing as them?
Does that also make you a bot?
i'm pretty sure this has been adressed before, but the GM do go and check if people are actually there playing or not.
and since they are still there doing it even after people report them (and waste GM's time).
that should tell you something.
Or.. they go afk farm in a spot and just watch something on another monitor / study / whatever while still getting a miniscule amount of gph doing so.
I am roaming a part of the map to kill several different mobs.
These botters stay static popping skills at the same time interval.
Basically I am putting effort in farming while they use a 3rd party program to press the same buttons over and over.
If I come back every 2-3 hours and see them standing there 24/7, something is going on.
But how do you know?
Unless you watch them all the time your assumtions are just that, assumptions.
&gt;popping skills at the same time interval.
Like the cool down time of a trap set to autocast?
&gt;Basically I am putting effort in farming while they use a 3rd party program to press the same buttons over and over.
Ctrl+ right click to set auto cast in-game is 3rd party how?
&gt;If I come back every 2-3 hours and see them standing there 24/7, something is going on.
Mostly watching YouTube or are at work running it there.
Nothing here in that you have said makes these people bots or using a 3rd party program.
This is all in-game abilities.
If you think about how long the spawn times are for the mobs they are AFK FARMING do you really think they respawn faster then you can walk to find more?
Because as an afk farmer at times I am almost positive you get more mobs actively hunting them.
A lot of people just use GW2 as a chat client... so what else are you gonna do just sitting there talking to your friends?

Summary: 
that should tell you something.
Ranger bot with pet and traps.
They are not necessarily bots.
&gt;popping skills at the same time interval.
Does that also make you a bot?
they don't reply to YOUR whispers?
