Original Response: 
$66M seems pretty cheap, how much does it cost the gov to build a road that is a few kms long?
Governments don't measure infrastructure projects that aren't measured in billions.
You could get 122 Tesla battery farms for 1 Metro Rail tunnel and stations.
A 4-lane project in Townsville cost like $14,500/m so $66m would be like 4.5km.
https://www.tmr.qld.gov.au/Projects/Name/R/Riverway-Drive-Townsville-duplication.
When you put it like that it genuinely makes me sad.
The government quite literally has the power to make Australia fully renewable in a year or two and its peoples not have to pay for electricity.
Such a shame.
Depends on the location.
That same road in Brisbane would cost a shit tonne more just for the land it sits on.
That's not quite what this battery does.
I know that, holy shit.
That wasn't my point.
I know it only stores energy.
I'm not saying we need 100 Tesla farms.
I was pointing out that with all the money the government says it can afford to spend on transport, that previous comment made me think the government could use some of that same money to spend on investing in a power source that is basically infinite instead.
Swear people on reddit are thick just for the fun of it haha.
Just because the power is renewable doesn’t mean you stop paying for it.
And if we spend the transport budget on power then what do we do for transport?
All drive cars?
While correct we could fill them up using solar too.
You'd be surprised there is a lot that actually goes into roads.
The machines alone are a min $1000 bucks a day to hire, all the gravel and dirt costs anywhere between $12P/T - $30P/T, hundreds and thousands of tons of dirt costs a shitload of money.
Transurban just spent that much on “upgrading” the Inner City Bypass to introduce 14% slower travel times.
I love that company!
I think the rule of thumb is about $1M/km for a normal road.
&gt; what do we do for transport?
All drive cars?
EV robotaxis, powered by the copious solar/storage?
The point is you need a holistic, strategic, plan that balances everything out and looks to the future.
It's very unlikely that the metro tunnel will show more value than 100 battery farms, distributed across the grid, and connected to solar panels on rooftops.
15+GWh of storage is enough to make high renewable usage practical - and the cost per kWh can be much lower than today - attracting businesses, etc.
Sydney would be $1+ million per meter as you could land a fucking jet on it and not even phase it.
Yes, it can quite literally mean that.
IF the government spent the money, they could provide free power for all australian people.
Its not that tall an order.
A lot of countries are already at or approaching 100 percent renewables.
No.
Just because the power is from a renewable source doesn’t mean it’s free.
You still need to pay for the power generators, the transmission and distribution systems, and all the maintenance.
Of course the government could pay for it all and provide the power to Australians for no charge.
But they could also do that for coal power.
They could do that for any service.
But ultimately the money has to come from taxes so you end up paying for it in another way.
Just because the government doesn’t charge us to use roads, police, or schools doesn’t mean we don’t pay for them.
I was responding to someone who said the government could provide us with free renewable power within a few years.
So robotaxis are out.
The point is the money would have to come from somewhere.
We could do a lot with no budget but that doesn’t help.
And your absolutely right that we need a holistic balanced plan.
But sacrificing metro tunnels to provide free power doesn’t feel balanced.
Three things 

1.
We absolutely need to be building out massive solar farms, yesterday.
That's in addition to putting solar on every roof.
The upfront cost is not large, and the ongoing power price is tiny - meaning we can do a wide variety of things with it.
Building our own automated solar panel plants seems a no brainer too.
2.
The government needs to be getting up to speed on cheap, affordable storage, to go with that solar.
That's pumped storage, batteries (again, we need our own gigafactory), and domestic batteries such that we don't need coal at all.
3.
Public transport investments need to be halted until we see what EV robotaxis do to their viability.
I've a sneaky suspicion that an expensive train that goes from where you are not, to where you don't want to be, not when you want to go .... is going to have a hard time competing with an EV powered autonomous vehicle that you don't have to drive, or own.
Not sure if free renewables would be totally possible, but you could get close and the impact on society would be a massive positive - much bigger than another toll road.
Absolutely.
I’m with you there except for Point 3.
A city-wide system of autonomous EVs is still some time away.
Improvements in public mass transit are needed now.
Metro lines together with transit oriented development will mean the trains are where you are, go where you want, and all the time.
It will still be convenient for a large proportion of people even after robotaxis.
All those EVs are going to take up space.
How do you get tens of thousands of people into a CBD with EVs without congestion?
It will still be important to reduce the number of EVs with mass transit.
The reality is there is a need and a place for both forms of transport.
Another part of the mix is improving telecommunications infrastructure so people can decentralise or reduce their travel needs altogether.
&gt; A city-wide system of autonomous EVs is still some time away.
Might well be a shorter time than you think.
The big car companies are aiming at 2021 for the launch, and since each robotaxi can service a wide number of people (let's say 20:1 ratio for cars:robotaxis) they can rollout out to a sizeable scale in a relatively short time.
I think we might well be seeing a noticeable impact by 2025 - enough that the question of public transport viability starts raising it's head.
Which is why I wouldn't be throwing any other money at new lines till the dust on that has settled.
It's also why we need to prepping for autonomous vehicles now.
There's another article atm about WestConnex, a 33km project in Sydney was valued at 9.3bln or something and they're selling it so like $280,000/m.

Summary: 
&gt; what do we do for transport?
But they could also do that for coal power.
That's not quite what this battery does.
EV robotaxis, powered by the copious solar/storage?
They could do that for any service.
Just because the power is renewable doesn’t mean you stop paying for it.
The point is the money would have to come from somewhere.
Improvements in public mass transit are needed now.
The reality is there is a need and a place for both forms of transport.
Just because the power is from a renewable source doesn’t mean it’s free.
And if we spend the transport budget on power then what do we do for transport?
IF the government spent the money, they could provide free power for all australian people.
