Original Response: 
[deleted]
I don't see any PC representation in there.
Probably because it was a pre-rendered cutscene?
Can't represent the PC very well when they could be any combination of races and genders, not to mention armor customization and so on.
[deleted]
Aurene=the Commander, Snaff before the cinematic said that "the prophecy hinges on your both".
So seeing Aurene is basically seeing us.
It means if Aurene dies, we also die.
I wouldn't interpret it like that.
All NPCs are more or less expandable, but the game ends if the protagonist dies.
Glint or Elder Dragons themselves are also not infallible.
Their view of the world is not absolute.
I interpret it like that Aurene is not the one that can replace Kralkatorrik, not after this vision and how many futures ended with Aurene's death.
The commander and Aurene are not the solution for any of that.
Fourth vision had Aurene with a generic humanoid figure of low detail.
That would be the Commander, I believe.
Can't make a customizee character visible in a pre-rendered cinematic.
Not necessarily.
Fourth vision had Aurene with one other figure, while the first was just Auerene.
Expandable?
Quick!
Someone inflate Braham!
We can use him as a bouncing pad *and* meat shield!
We aren't told it is so, but I think it's not unreasonable to assume the vision is shown through the player character's own eyes.
Aurene is shown from the third person, so we're clearly not seeing her perspective.
And I hate the idea that they'd just use an arbitrary "floating camera" and hope we just don't think too hard about it.
Whatever the canon rationale for it is, I think it's obvious they wouldn't want to yank the player out of the experience by showing a PC stand-in that is clearly not us.
I know they do it in trailers and that's fine, but right in our own story that would be a pretty big immersion break for anyone who is not an Elonian male human in medium Spearmarshal armor.
We might need just that on the long way to Cantha.
Plot armor is the correct solution for everything except game shutdown.

Summary: 
I wouldn't interpret it like that.
The commander and Aurene are not the solution for any of that.
I don't see any PC representation in there.
That would be the Commander, I believe.
