Original Response: 
[removed]
Driving without a license is an arrestable offense, but left to officer discretion.
It also puts people in danger as you think you know the rules but clearly do not, especially since the test is "so hard".
You being an asshole towards society and to the cop made that an easy choice.
Now you get an impounded vehicle, a massive fine, and dont have to worry about driving or a license for a while.
Maybe you should take this time to reflect on your decisions and attitude.
Alright Melvin.
Yeah thanks a lot, Kevin.
Call what you want, i got my shit and am not putting people at risk with shit driving.
My insurance is low, and i dont have to worry if i get pulled over.
Real Jobsworth here.
Why are you going to college?
If you are driving without insurance, you may as well be working at McDonalds.
If you were to get in an accident, you could end up facing criminal charges and civil lawsuits that would take most of your post-college earnings for years.
Imagine having college debt.
Now, throw a $1,000,000 civil judgment on top of that.
And it doesn't make any difference how safe you THINK you drive.
Another driver could do something stupid, but because you don't have a license, you get ticketed and arrested and the civil suit against you would be a cake walk for any decent attorney since you don't have a license.
A jury would have zero sympathy for you when deciding damages to award to the other driver.
Its like driving drunk.
Doesn't matter if you weren't at fault.
Since you are drunk, you will be responsible for everything.
Lastly, check with your college.
Many of them have shuttles on the weekends to Target and/or Walmart for students.
The campus near me has one the runs all day Saturday from the dorms and Greek row to the Super Target.
1. i had insurance on the car
2. what does driving drunk have to do with anything 
3. my headlights werent on.
Not driving recklessly.
i didnt think not having headlights on in a well lit town put people in danger melvin.
i will now go sit in the corner and reflect on my decisions and attitude.
If you don't have a license, you don't have car insurance.
Read the fine print.
I'm sure you'll find "licensed drivers" somewhere in there.
The point is that just like drunk driving, being unlicensed makes everything your fault regardless of that the other driver did.
[deleted]
didnt i state it was my friends car in there?
read the fine print.
im sure you’ll find “my friends car” somewhere in there.
he had insurance on the car.
and you have a point.
you got me there buddy!
Unless you are a covered driver of that vehicle which you cannot be if you don't have a license that insurance is not going to cover it and does not matter if someone else is paying for it.
And that is why you don't have a license.
Guess what smart guy people driving look for things like headlights.
If they don't see headlights and there's a crash, you're at fault.
There is a reason they tell you that you are required to have headlights in certain situations in the driver's manual.
So maybe you can curb the attitude listen to people who know things you don't and stop being an asshole.
Because I will tell you from experience.
if you cause a car wreck and cause an injury the people you injured will own you.
your name will be Toby.
And assuming the college doesn't out right expel you, whatever you end up doing for the rest of your life you will be losing a good portion of that income paying peoples bills.

Summary: 
he had insurance on the car.
And that is why you don't have a license.
If you don't have a license, you don't have car insurance.
and you have a point.
Why are you going to college?
Doesn't matter if you weren't at fault.
Since you are drunk, you will be responsible for everything.
