Original Response: 
##NEW BIKE SUPERTHREAD!
- a thread for questions and advice about gear and bike purchases and questions relating to your newly purchased bike/gear.
Feel free to ask any motorcycle related question, no matter how trivial or dumb you might think it is.
The point of these posts is to ask and answer questions you wouldn't want to make a separate post for.
Hopefully with the help of all the riders no question will go unanswered.
Everyone is encouraged to contribute with either questions or answers and hopefully we will be able to rid of motorcycle ignorance once and for all.
Please remember to be courteous as we want to encourage people to ask questions, no matter how 'dumb' some may think they are.
Another great place to try is /r/SuggestAMotorcycle.
As always please remember to read the FAQ.
Who knows - if your question is deemed to be helpful it may be added to the [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/wiki/faq#wiki_what_is_a_good_starter_bike.3F) (which you should read)!
***

This thread will be refreshed each Monday.
[Previous Threads](http://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/search?q=flair%3A%22SUPERTHREAD%22&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all)
I've put a couple years and thousands of miles into my first motorcycle, a 2003 KLR 650.
I've loved the riding position, visibility, and maneuverability but I'm ready for more power.
I often just don't feel like I have enough, especially on the highway or with a passenger.
Please recommend me a new bike!
Some features I'm looking for include:

- Tall friendly (I'm 6'6")
- Relatively neutral sitting position
- Top case compatible
- Pillion friendly
- $10k-ish price range (used is fine)
- Comfy for commuting and some highway driving
- Preferably low/easy maintenance

Some bikes I'm considering include:

- Honda CB 1100 EX
- Yamaha Super Tenere
- Yamaha Tracer 900
- Suzuki V Storm 1000
- Kawasaki Versys 1000

Bikes I like price range be damned!
(looking at used though unsure what mileage/state is ok):

- Honda VFR1200x
- KTM 1090 Adventure R
- Triumph Tiger
- BMW R 1200 GS (or the smaller models in the R family)
- Yamaha FJR1200
- Ducati Multistrada

Note a bunch are very similar to my KLR just more powerful.
I'd like something more commutery and less off roady though it seems like the more off road a bike is the more affordable/maintainable?
I *really* like the look of standards and scramblers (that old school simple look) but none seem very pillion/luggage/tall friendly...

Any help or suggestions are welcome.
Thanks!
&gt;I'd like something more commutery and less off roady though it seems like the more off road a bike

If you don't need any off-road capabilities:

\- Versys 1000

\- Z900 (albeit less luggage friendly)

\- Tiger 800

\- Vstrom 1000

\- VFR800 or 1200

&amp;#x200B;

If you need off-road capabilities:

\- Yamaha Super tenere

\- Africa Twin

\- R1200GS

\- 1290 Super adventure R (hella expensive tho)

&amp;#x200B;

I think this looks about right.
Feel free to correct me.
Add Honda Africa twin to the list haha.
KTM 950/990 SM.
Aprilia Dorsoduro.
Hyperstrada/hypermotard.
Husky 701SM.
Think big supermoto.
One bike that constantly comes up as suprsing people with how much they like it is the [Vstrom 1000](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aThgqwNLzYM).
Seems to be the best for the $ but nobody's favorite at any one thing.
The impression I get about the [Tenere](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gPXAA1hFZNY) is that it's not super exciting but it's super comfortable and capable.
If you are even considering the KTM 1090 Adventure R then think about the KTM 1090 Adventure S.  It's basically the same bike built primarily for on road and travelling with some off road capabilities but not a lot.
Personally I would be all over the KTM 1090 Adventure S but in reality I can see me picking up a V Strom in the next two years.
I've been riding a Vstrom DL1000 for nearly two years.
It's a great choice for what you want to do.
Anything specific you'd like to know?
The 1290 and R1200GS are pretty much the same price, don't pick on the KTM!
I love the KTMs but they're SUPER pricey and I've never seen many sold used (which in all honesty is probably a good sign implying people love them and they have a good resale value).
Oh for sure.
the Adventure S is basically the first bike I would buy if I could start putting a 'realistic dream garage' together.
It's got all the bells and whistles and what is constantly considered one of the best engines out there right now.
And you'll pay for it.
Hence why I'll be looking hard that the Vstrom unless something else comes out in the next few years and just blows everything else out of the water.
What's maintenance and upkeep been like?
I plan on doing basic oil/filter changes and the like but have replacement parts been expensive?
Any other tricky ownership bits?
Maintenance isn't too different from any other Japanese bike.
I bought my Vstrom with ~22000 miles on it, have put on nearly another 22000, but have not yet needed new chain, sprockets, or brake pads.
Some of that is down to proper chain maintenance, some to the fact it isn't a crotch rocket with a super powerful engine and I don't ride like a jackass (usually :).
Tires are just as with any other motorcycle - some last longer than others, and you're very doing well to get 10000+ miles out of a rear tire.
The DL1000 engine is very reliable.
I had my valve clearance checked at about 37000 miles, and it was spot-on.
Hadn't changed a bit since the last valve clearance check (around 15000 miles).
The major pain in the ass has been electrical issues.
By that I mean, charging system problems.
My 2007 DL1000 was (probably) on its original stator when I bought the bike at about 22000 miles.
By ~25000 miles, the stator was burned out.
Rotor magnets had also shifted out of position.
Long story short, I ended up replacing/repairing/upgrading the entire charging system, from stator to battery.
I also installed a charging voltage meter, so I can tell if there's a problem before I get stranded (this is just basic eqiupment for any bike IMO).
Haven't had any charging problems for about a year/the last 12000 miles.
I'm probably making it sound worse than it is.
The charging system was a larger issue for the first few generations of DL1000 and DL650.
Some Vstrom owners never had a problem.
All this has been dealt with, through design revisions and recalls, in newer generations of Vstrom (roughly 2010-present).
The guys with recent-model DL1000/DL650's don't seem to have charging issues.
If it's just a few years old, you should be OK (but install a voltage meter anyway!).
I've had to replace both of my radiator hoses (inlet and outlet).
At over 10 years old, they had lost their elasticity and were leaking slightly.
Under $20 each.
Easy to replace, not a big deal.
As for replacement parts: in general they're affordable, about on par with any other Japanese bike.
Suzuki does not seem to go out of their way to gouge you.
You can often find used parts on eBay, if you're on a budget.
Some of the more-commonly-broken controls: $40-$70 each for things like the clutch &amp; brake levers, shift lever, rear brake pedal, anything you're likely to break off or damage in a drop/low-speed crash.
All of which I have done at least once, except for the brake lever.
You can also do a cheap fix with a Lever Saver.
Not as pretty as a pristine factory clutch lever, but much cheaper.
Get crash bars (aka "engine guard"), whether you plan to ride unpaved roads or not.
These prevent a lot of damage when you drop the bike (and you almost inevitably will!).
If you do plan to go on dirt, get a skid plate as well.
Those two things will pay for themselves, eventually.
Seat height: It's rather tall, in the neighborhood of 31", depending on year and aftermarket seats.
So that should be fine for you.
Luggage: My Vstrom came with Givi/Kappa Monokey side and top cases.
I like the Givi Monokey system, because replacement parts are fairly cheap and easy to replace.
For example, I replaced all 3 locks (so they could all use the same key) for around $30.
I've mangled both of my side cases in offroad shenanigans, yet repaired them for about $20 each time.
Windshield: California Scientific makes an extra tall windshield for Vstroms.
Being a taller dude,you may want this.
I'm 6'2" and I just got their "XL" Vstrom windshield.
It's sooooo nice on the highway.
I can sit up straight, see over the top of the windshield, and yet not have a face full of buffetting.
Lots more info is at the Stromtrooper forums (http://stromtrooper.com/).
There are specific sub-forums for different model years, so you can do more research when you find a used Vstrom on Craigslist etc.
Hope this helps!
Great thanks for the advice.
Hopefully I can find one in the area to test ride.
Good luck!
You can easily save a thousand in accessories buying a used bike vs. putting them on yourself.
One more piece of advice: buy one with a centerstand already on it, or put one on after purchase.
It's absolutely indispensable for many reasons.
Yep I have one currently.
Though if I get something that's not chain drive not sure if it'll be as necessary.
Still great for tire changes though I suppose.
I would look into a 2006 and on VFR 800.
Add a Sargent seat, some handlebar risers, and lowering pegs and its a "sport" bike you can ride for hundreds of miles at a time.
Im as tall as you and only have the seat and it works fine for me.
Will be changing the bars soon though.
The V4 is sex and its a lot more fun than the upright adventure bikes you are looking at.
Engines are bulletproof way past 100k mikes.
Recommended valve checks every 16k are pricey, but most people only do it once every 50k miles and they're almost never out of spec.
I have about 40k on mine and haven't done the valves yet.
True.
A center stand is also great for loading and unloading the luggage, as the bike is held upright.
Thanks!
Looking at some sport cruisers like that as well.
Are Honda still manufacturing VFRs or not?
I don't see it listed on their site and haven't seen too many used.
Yes both the 800 and 1200 are still made.
Model name is Honda Interceptor.
Hm I can only find [this one](http://powersports.honda.com/2014/interceptor.aspx) on their site...that what you're talking about?
I like the touring version better but don't see it on there.
I did some research and I guess the 1200 is discontinued in the US.
I wasn’t really a fan.
While the 800 looks sportier, it’s just as capable for touring and it’s still more than enough power.
Faster than most 600 super sports up to about 80 and with a lot more torque at the lower rpm ranges.
The 1200 demographic was an older crowd, so there are gobs in my area with less than 10,000 miles on them.
Maybe pick up a used one with some goodies already installed.
V Strom 1000 is basically the same in terms of off-roadability and comfort for you, but much more power.
The KTM will also got you, but it’s even more powerful, and more off road worthy.
I’m 6’5, and I liked the tracer, but my heels hit the pillion pegs.
Not a huge deal, but sort of annoying.
Otherwise, very nice bike, if a little expensive for what it is.
&gt; Yamaha Tracer 900

Hm yeah I don't really need the off roadness.
I'd love a bike that's a good big cruiser (sport or adventure style, doesn't matter to me) with a big engine but without all the bells and whistles they put on the 1000CC+ bikes.
I feel like they just add unnecessary cost.
Outside of power and maybe some warmers I don't need a computer in my freakin' bike!
Guarantee the V Strom is cheaper than the Tracer, and more powerful too.
I'm nearing the point of needing new tires for my SV650s.
I'm still totally ignorant of tires, I've no idea what benefit particular compounds are going to give me.
I just know I want to do this as cheaply as possible so I'm looking at durability and price.
I use my bike for commuting so I'm on it 6/7 days a week, probably 30km on average a day.
Can you Eli5 what I should be looking for (size, brand, price etc)?
&amp;#x200B;

Should I replace them myself?
I don't have a stand but it is something I was planning on getting.
I've heard it can be a pain to properly balance them.
Sounds like you're a perfect candidate for Dunlop Roadsmart 2/3.
You'll get at least 10k out of em with your bike and they're relatively grippy in wet and dry, nice profile, and they're relatively cheap.
&gt; I just know I want to do this as cheaply as possible 

Don't cheap out on tires.
Period.
No discussion

&gt; I use my bike for commuting so I'm on it 6/7 days a week 

Straight line commuting (highway) or twisty road commuting?
&gt; Can you Eli5 what I should be looking for (size, brand, price etc) 

Size: Read manual or sticker on your swingarm  
Brand: Depends on the tire you pick  
Price: Don't fucking cheap out

&gt; Should I replace them myself?
I don't have a stand but it is something I was planning on getting.
I've heard it can be a pain to properly balance them 

You're totally ignorant of tires yet you want to replace them yourself?
Generally mounting/balancing tires done by a shop is not very expensive and you can be sure it's done properly if done at a proper dealer.
So please answer:

\- Straight line commuting or twisty roads?
\- Mostly dry, mostly wet or whatever happens to be going on that day?
\- Needs to be a tire that can be pushed hard in twisty roads during fun rides or not as much of a priority?
Without this info I'd basically recommend the Dunlop Roadsmart 3 or Michelin Pilot Road 5.
&gt;  I want to do this as cheaply as possible 

Cheaply as possible buys you the worst tires possible.
Tires are what keep you from falling on the ground at 70-100 mph.
You do not want to do this as cheaply as possible.
You should be looking for tires that fit your price and are designed for commuting or sport touring use, as they have a harder compound, at least in the center, and tend to last longer.
Pirelli Angel GT and Michelin Pilot Road (specifically.
Pilot Power will give you more dry grip, but won't last nearly as long).
&gt; Should I replace them myself?
If you're asking this, the answer is probably no.
Having someone else do it isn't that expensive, and they probably won't scratch your wheels.
When I did it, I scratched both of mine and I didn't enjoy the process.
Balancing was way easier than mounting.
EDIT: 
Sport Touring tires will last you the longest because of the harder compound in the middle for commuting in straight line on highway.
They are usually more expensive up front but will be the most economical $/mile.
However these dunlop roadsmarts look very good for pretty inexpensive price:

https://www.bikebandit.com/tires-tubes/motorcycle-tires/dunlop-roadsmart-3-tires/p/56277?m=19097

Certain times of the year most manufactures give huge discounts where you can get front and rear combo at a very good price.
I don't really know if that applies to roadsmarts, you'll have to do some googling.
I suggest having someone mount them for you.
Most places charge around $30 per tire to mount.
If you get a stand and take the wheels off the bike in to be changed individually that may reduce the charge.
Changing tires for the SV is pretty hard yourself, you would need a harbor freight manual tire changer, other tools, and you would need to balance the wheel yourself.
Even then it is very laborious and hard to change sport motorcycle tires with a manual machine.
If you want to look into that, youtube has many videos that explain the harbor freight tire changer and the costs associated with changing your own tires.
In my opinion, minimum you would need would be: 
Front and rear bike stand $174
https://www.t-rex-racing.com/Black-Front-Rear-Motorcycle-Stand-V-p/blafv-blarv.htm

Harbor Freight Tire Changer ($40) + Motorcycle adapter $40:
https://www.harborfreight.com/Manual-Tire-Changer-62317.html
https://www.harborfreight.com/motorcycle-tire-changer-attachment-60810.html

2  long tire irons $12:
https://www.harborfreight.com/24-inch-general-purpose-tire-iron-93230.html

Mojo blocks to hold the rim to the Harbor Freight changer securely $30:
https://www.mojotiretools.com/mojoblocks.htm

Motion Pro Wheel weights $5
A couple of jack stands to balance tire on it's axle.
I ask about replacing them myself because I want to learn to do everything myself.
How can you ever get to the point of knowing how to do it without crossing that bridge the first time?
&amp;#x200B;

Thanks for the advice.
Thanks for the replies guys

&amp;#x200B;

I really appreciate your input comrade, but this:

&gt;Don't cheap out on tires.
Period.
No discussion

is stupid.
Obviously it's a discussion.
Everything has a price scale, I'm saying I'm on the lower end.
I'm asking for insight as to what I need to look for in this range, not to actively endanger myself, ldo

&amp;#x200B;

&gt;\- Straight line commuting or twisty roads?
&gt;  
&gt;\- Mostly dry, mostly wet or whatever happens to be going on that day?
&gt;  
&gt;\- Needs to be a tire that can be pushed hard in twisty roads during fun rides or not as much of a priority?
&amp;#x200B;

\-Mostly straight line

\-Whatever happens to be going on, which will involve a LOT of rain throughout winter in Ireland.
\-I probably won't be pushing anything for a year or two.
&amp;#x200B;

Thanks again.
Thanks, that's a concise response, appreciate it.
&gt; is stupid.
Obviously it's a discussion.
What I meant is don't buy the cheapest you can get buy at the top-end of your budget.
Tires are what give you grip, handle the water, the only 2 points of contact you should have with the road (with the odd peg scrape here and there).
That's what I meant.
If your budget is 100-150 for example, spend 150 or preferably 175-200.
Probably should've worded myself better ;p.

 

&gt;\-Mostly straight line  
&gt;  
&gt;\-Whatever happens to be going on, which will involve a LOT of rain throughout winter in Ireland.
&gt;  
&gt;\-I probably won't be pushing anything for a year or two.
Sounds like Michelin Pilot road 5 to me

&amp;#x200B;
Thanks a million.
I get where you were coming from now, it just didn't come across first.
I am literally here for the discussion.
Updated my answer to include tire changing links.
Wow.
That is very compelling evidence to not bother doing it myself.
Thanks.
You don't nessecarily need all that stuff.
Ive changed 3 sets of tires with some $11 tire irons and like 2 $2 pack of extra Long zip ties.
You should look at sport touring then.
I had the Bridgestone T30 Evo's (think they have new version).
They handled well in dry and the rain and they're usually cheaper than other tires in this class.
I'm from SoCal tho so not much rain.
Roadsmarts or Angel GT are another good choice, Angel's being pricier.
I have the Road 5 now and they're great.
Highly recommend but if you're on a budget they might be a bit on the pricier side.

Summary: 
&gt; Should I replace them myself?
I am literally here for the discussion.
&amp;#x200B;

Should I replace them myself?
I have the Road 5 now and they're great.
Yep I have one currently.
I suggest having someone mount them for you.
I wasn’t really a fan.
I don't have a stand but it is something I was planning on getting.
Still great for tire changes though I suppose.
I ask about replacing them myself because I want to learn to do everything myself.
&gt; I just know I want to do this as cheaply as possible 

Don't cheap out on tires.
I would look into a 2006 and on VFR 800.
I like the touring version better but don't see it on there.
You should look at sport touring then.
I feel like they just add unnecessary cost.
Looking at some sport cruisers like that as well.
Please recommend me a new bike!
\-I probably won't be pushing anything for a year or two.
I just know I want to do this as cheaply as possible so I'm looking at durability and price.
&amp;#x200B;

Thanks for the advice.
By that I mean, charging system problems.
I'm 6'2" and I just got their "XL" Vstrom windshield.
I plan on doing basic oil/filter changes and the like but have replacement parts been expensive?
You do not want to do this as cheaply as possible.
Hopefully I can find one in the area to test ride.
If you're asking this, the answer is probably no.
Great thanks for the advice.
I'm nearing the point of needing new tires for my SV650s.
Can you Eli5 what I should be looking for (size, brand, price etc)?
I did some research and I guess the 1200 is discontinued in the US.
Sounds like Michelin Pilot road 5 to me

&amp;#x200B;
I get where you were coming from now, it just didn't come across first.
I often just don't feel like I have enough, especially on the highway or with a passenger.
