Original Response: 
[removed]
Was she being a mean miserable B?
Yes.
Were you out of line?
Also yes.
You should always be respecting your elders.
Do the right thing and apologize for disrespecting her.
But isn't respect earned rather than freely given?
Why should I respect someone who doesn't deserve it?
She is your family and is older than you.
That's earned respect.
Why don't you have loyalty to your family?
You may not have to respect her but you did go a little far.
Just a little “hey I don’t like it when you talk about my siblings that way” would be much better.
It doesn’t bring to much tension to the conversation and will not allow your grandma to respond with the same intensity you shows her.
Even if you don’t respect her try your best to stay calm and not try to increase the intensity of the situation.
My siblings are also my family and older than me.
With a big difference that they're kind and lovely unlike the grandma.
I'm loyal to them not my grandma.
This isn't the first time that something like this happens.
I've told her what you suggested many times.
She responds with "they're not really your siblings."
Respect for age purely on the basis of successful existence is absurd.
I completely disagree with the above poster - I loathe my grandmother and even sending her a birthday gift made me annoyed.
She's never been nice to me, my step family, or my bio family (but they push it under the rug).
Her behavior is disrespectful and therefore I do not respect her.
Old people don't get excuses to be shitty humans for being old.
You had ever right to call her out for how she was talking about your family.
I stopped talking to my grandmother for a year when she couldn't respect my multiple requests to stop talking about my stepbrother badly.
Honestly, the only aspect where you may have taken it too far out of anger is where you yelled at her about her funeral.
Not that it's not OK to mean that and think it; just that it escalated the fight to where you were put in this "don't rock the boat" scenario (also go read the don't rock the boat post in /r/JUSTNOMIL).
I'd apologize for swearing at her and escalating the fight.
You don't need to apologize for telling her off.
Next time stick to something like "I won't interact with you if you talk about them like that" and when she still does, walk the fuck right out of the room.
Try to focus on setting boundaries and sticking to them rather than lashing out in anger.
It's hard as hell, but has better results.
Instead of apologizing, thank your parents for providing the opportunity to express yourself freely and without judgment.
Part of growing into a mature responsible adult is having and using the ability to use your voice and having your opinions and thoughts respected.
You are a young adult, your grandmother is a an elder, you both have opinions.
There is no need for any apologies on your end.
This is the kind of backwards, rug-sweeping mentality that protects the abusive and cruel from consequences and punishes the victims and those who try to stand up for them.
Stop it.
[removed]
What kind of backwards-ass thinking is this?
Blood relations doesn't automatically earn respect.
OP, I find it really admirable that you stood up for your siblings.
Way to go OP.
You sound like an awesome sibling.

Summary: 
You should always be respecting your elders.
She is your family and is older than you.
Why don't you have loyalty to your family?
You don't need to apologize for telling her off.
You may not have to respect her but you did go a little far.
You sound like an awesome sibling.
My siblings are also my family and older than me.
