Original Response: 
So I have two weapons and a backpiece.
I’m stuck between two decisions.
Finishing my crafting of the bolt.
Orrrrrr.
Crafting Aurora.
I only have draconis mons and Orr left for that particular achievement.
Which one tends to be cheaper overall?
And which do you think is more useful?
Opinions?
Aurora has more digital clout because you can’t buy it off the TP.
no legendary frankly has any clout.
It's purely an aesthetic choice.
A big chunk of any legendary can be bought.
That’s the definition of clout: aesthetic dominance.
The Aurora collections are gigantic, have you seen them?
There is no clout/prestige of any kind in GW2.
That's not a bad thing, it's just the way it is.
Be proud of your own accomplishments, but don't expect anything you do in this game to impress other players.
Why?
Clout is in the eye of the beholder.
If people don't find legendaries special, then they hold no clout.
Not to mention having aesthetically good looking character has nothing to do with legendaries.
In short, everything is too easy to acquire.
The biggest stumbling blocks in most instances are time and gold.
If you put in the effort and time, eventually every player can earn every item and achievement in the game.
Again, that's not a bad thing, per se, but there's absolutely no item or title that anyone can aquire that carries legit prestige.
It's just the way the game was designed.
Couple that with the greed and entitlement that's rampant in MMOs, and even the stuff that's supposed to be somewhat prestigious gets exploited or sold to the highest bidder.
I have Aurora so yes.
It is probably the easiest legendary to obtain.
Depends greatly on how much you hate the JPs required.
To me there's one exception to this: the SAB stuff you get from tribulation mode, especially world 2.
You have to be a special kind of crazy to complete those.
Nope.
You'd be right, if it weren't for my last point.
Buying and exploiting.
Tribulation mode was sold through on LFG last year (2 SABs ago) due to a bug.
The hours I, and many other people, spent farming it were trivialized.
W2 and W3 trib mode weapons mean nothing unless you know that you personally spent the time doing it legit.

Summary: 
no legendary frankly has any clout.
I have Aurora so yes.
That's not a bad thing, it's just the way it is.
Clout is in the eye of the beholder.
It's just the way the game was designed.
