Original Response: 
Alabama pastor Mack Morris: Cuts a Nike headband as a sign of protest in the middle of a sermon.
College of the Ozarks: Drops Nike gear from athletics program.
Jerry Falwell, Jr.: Says university is "reconsidering" relationship with Nike.
Of all the things to take a stand on, this is the one  you're taking a stand on?
The Kaepernick civil rights movement has revealed the true heart of the American church: It's overrun by small-minded white leaders who wholeheartedly accept the bastardization of American Christianity via conservative politics.
&gt; The Kaepernick civil rights movement has revealed the true heart of the American church:

Oh, I think the true heart of the American church was revealed a long time before that.
White American Christians overwhelmingly support a thrice-married casino owning sexual abuser for the highest office in the land.
White American Christians are the loudest voices in society fighting *against* the human rights of my LGBT family members.
White American Christians overwhelmingly supported the Iraq invasion and one million deaths it caused.
White American Christians were united in their opposition to the [Civil Rights Movement](https://www.africa.upenn.edu/Articles_Gen/Letter_Birmingham.html).
We can be frustrated by this.
But eventually we need to decide what we do about it.
As a white North-American Christian myself, I've had to figure out what to do with a movement that has shown itself to be morally bankrupt.
In part, that requires a lot of self-examination.
To what extent have *I* become corrupted by the very things I hate about contemporary white evangelicalism?
And then it requires deciding which leaders I should be listening to.
Would I have been listening to MLK in 1963, or would I have been listening to the white Christian moderates who wished he would shut up?
Today, will I listen to Reverend William Barber, or will I listen to Jerry Falwell Jr?
They present vastly different visions of Christianity, and yet I'm convinced only one of them has any genuine moral footing.
Great response.
I wish I had your tact.
Just curious as to how you came to this conclusion.
- I'm a white Christian and I didn't vote for or in any way support the current president.
- I'm not anti-gay....I just don't want it shoved in my face any more than heterosexuality or any other sexuality.
I think our sexual preferences belong in the bedroom, not out in public.
- I didn't support the Iraq invasion.
I think we ought to take care of our own issues before we go sticking our noses in the problems of other countries.
We have plenty to focus on here.
- I didn't and don't oppose the civil rights movement as long as they don't try to tell me what I can and can't do or believe.
Do you have statistics to support this claim?
Not being snarky....just genuinely curious.
Quite honestly I'm getting pretty tired of white Christians being blamed for things a good number of us don't support, engage in, or believe.
It's just like any other generalization....and I'll stop there because I'm trying really hard to watch my mouth.
Again, not being snarky.
&gt; I'm a white Christian and I didn't vote for or in any way support the current president.
Ok, but the majority of your demographic did.
You then can argue about what the "true heart" of American churches are.
&gt; I'm not anti-gay....I just don't want it shoved in my face any more than heterosexuality or any other sexuality.
I think our sexual preferences belong in the bedroom, not out in public.
Nothing is being shoved down anyone's throat and no one is having sex in the streets.
How can sexual preferences stay in the bedroom?
Should people not hold hands in the street?
Kiss each other goodbye after lunch?
&gt; I didn't support the Iraq invasion.
I think we ought to take care of our own issues before we go sticking our noses in the problems of other countries.
We have plenty to focus on here.
This one I'm cool with there being differences on, especially since a lot of people were lied to originally.
This again gets into a demographic thing as OP wasn't talking about you specifically.
&gt; I didn't and don't oppose the civil rights movement as long as they don't try to tell me what I can and can't do or believe.
What do you think the civil rights movement is?
No one has said what you can and can't believe.
Obviously it involves telling some people what they can and can't do.
It's ok, I don't mind you asking for receipts!
Here you go:
81% of white evangelicals voted for Trump, a comparable number still strongly support him:

https://www.vox.com/identities/2018/4/20/17261726/poll-prri-white-evangelical-support-for-trump-is-at-an-all-time-high

In 2003, 72% of Americans supported the Iraq war: 

https://news.gallup.com/poll/8038/seventytwo-percent-americans-support-war-against-iraq.aspx

In 2002 a number of prominent white christian leaders wrote to Bush to urge him to invade Iraq:

http://www.drrichardland.com/press/entry/the-so-called-land-letter

The signatories are Richard D. Land, Chuck Colson, Bill Bright, James Kennedy and Carl D. Herbster.
Together they represented the SBC, Prison Fellowship, Campus Crusade, Coral Ridge Ministries, and the American Association of Christian Schools.
Hope this helps.
Yeah, I didn't really know what to say to those bits.
"Civil rights are ok as long as they don't affect me in the slightest" is a weird position to have.
And I don't know how to reply to "I don't want it shoved in my face."
Am I shoving my heterosexuality in other people's faces when I walk down the street holding my wife's hand?
When I wear a wedding ring?
When I talk about my kids?
I'm genuinely unsure of what is being said here, and I don't want to guess.
I believe it's more about some types of activities that occur during pride events.
The BDSM clothing and actions and the displaying and wearing of sex toys as well.
When I read a response like this, it just sounds like lip service to tolerance, but most of the issues seem to be there, under the surface.
For example :

&gt;	I'm not anti-gay....I just don't want it shoved in my face any more than heterosexuality or any other sexuality.
I think our sexual preferences belong in the bedroom, not out in public.
If this means that you have no issue with being at the mall and seeing a man kissing his wife, but if you see two men kiss in the same way this is "shoving it in my face" then yes, this is anti-gay.
Sexual *preference* is an integral part of who we are, it's not something we can leave in the bedroom.
(This is different from being sexual in public, which is a whole other thing).
&gt;	 I didn't and don't oppose the civil rights movement as long as they don't try to tell me what I can and can't do or believe.
Again, an odd condition.
Do civil rights people tell you what you can't believe?
&gt;	Quite honestly I'm getting pretty tired of white Christians being blamed for things a good number of us don't support, engage in, or believe.
A fair assessment, but realize that unfortunately people will be judged in public opinion by what the majority of their group do or believe.
If you don't support X, but have no problem associating and supporting others who do, then you really can't get upset when people call you an "X supporter".
"Don't go to Pride if it makes you uncomfortable" would seem to be a fairly easy way of solving that problem.
Sure if seeing two guys or two women kissing is what we're talking about.
Simulated sex acts and men walking around in buttless chaps is another.
I don't want to see anyone doing that stuff, gay or straight, in public.
[deleted]
Are all white people right wing ethno-nationalist evangelicals?
There are appropriate places to display affection.
I don't get the heebie-jeebies if a gay couple is walking in the mall holding hands any more than if a heterosexual couple is doing it.
I don't like seeing people making out in public, ever.
I don't care if they're gay, straight, bi, transgender, intersex, green, blue, or purple with pink polka dots.
If you want to play tonsil hockey with your partner or grope them, do it in the bedroom.
Let's see....the civil rights movement at this point is trying to deny our history happened by destroying monuments that could be used for teaching.
My daughter couldn't wear a t-shirt with a cross on it to school, but her classmate could wear a hijab.
What I see is a slow but systematic destruction of respecting the rights of all people in favor of placating special interest groups.
As for being an "x supporter," well, you could apply that to ANYTHING.
Come on.
For instance, Chick fil A hires gays and transgenders even though the owners are Christian and their stores are closed on Sunday but they are seen as anti-gay because they believe what the Word says about homosexual activity.
Isn't that a bit hypocritical?
It's also exactly what I meant.....telling us what we can and can't believe by compelling us to conform to their idea of what is right and wrong.
[deleted]
So don't go to Pride.
It's not for you, anyway.
It's for people who have had to spend their entire lives hiding their relationships, their attractions, their sexuality, their identity who get to let it out in a safe environment for one day.
That said, I marched in my first Pride this summer, and I didn't see any chaps anywhere, although there certainly was a lot of glitter and face-paint.
And a huge amount of joy - it was a really cool to be with so many folks who for one day were getting to experience love, celebration and acceptance rather than fear, uncertainty, and rejection.
Sure, but how many evangelicals need to support ethno-nationalism before one can say "evangelicals support ethno-nationalism"?
81%?
[deleted]
That's a lot of pent up rage for your own kind.
I'm sure those traits you state aren't exclusive to white american christians.
Maybe forgive and let go?
You just expressed the same questioning I'm going through, buddy.
The same Christians who railed against Bill Clinton back in the 90s and said our leaders should be held to high moral standards suddenly abandoned that position *en masse* when Trump came onto the scene.
Everyone talks about how secularization is leading to the end of Christianity, but no one is more to blame than those Christian leaders themselves who gave up their values for political victories.
The thing is, I have no clue what to do about it.
Self-examination benefits you and I personally, but the larger Church?
These leaders seem to lack any kind of self-reflection or self-awareness.
“I’m tired of white Christians being blamed for things a good number of us don’t support.”

Do you have any statistics to support this claim?
Not being snarky, just genuinely curious.
Because white Anglo-Saxon Protestants DID vote overwhelmingly to go to war in Iraq and Afghanistan by electing George W. Bush to a second term.
Evangelicals also carried Donald Trump to the White House.
I’m a Christian and I vote with my faith and the preachings of Christ mean I can never in good conscious vote for either of these men, who do not espouse the teachings of the Bible.
No, they're definitely not exclusive to my tribe.
Of course I've seen violence, racism, misogyny and homophobia in other groups.
But I have more of a responsibility to *my* group.
I believe it can be better than this.
I have fond memories of my evangelical heritage: there are so many things about this movement that I love.
I cherish our Bible studies and our potlucks and our campfires and our group singing and our sly references to VeggieTales.
I *want* to keep being an evangelical.
I still love the Bible, I still believe in the saving and transformative power of the gospel.
I spent years on the mission field because of these beliefs.
I'm still active in my church, I preach regularly, I lead worship.
I haven't walked away, despite desperately wanting to at times.
But it is precisely because of those reasons that I can't look away.
Watching the moral collapse of evangelicalism is like losing a beloved family to Alzheimers.
It's deeply painful to see the movement I used to love revealed to be angry, xenophobic, misogynist, and violent.
But on the flip side, as a Christian I also believe in the power of confession, repentance, and transformation.
At the individual level and at the corporate level, I still hold out hope that change can happen.
But that actually requires self-reflection, penitence, and a willingness to take risks, to stand up, and to actively seek out a better way of doing things.
&gt;Let's see....the civil rights movement at this point is trying to deny our history happened by destroying monuments that could be used for teaching.
Should the bad parts of our history be celebrated though?
I'm all for teachable moments, I love history, the good and the bad, but there's a big difference between understanding we are the product of ancestors who held wrong views, and celebrating and honouring those wrong views by sticking them on a pedestal and naming our parks and streets after them.
&gt; My daughter couldn't wear a t-shirt with a cross on it to school, but her classmate could wear a hijab.
Christianity doesn't require a cross on a t-shirt to be worn, whereas traditional Islam requires a hijab.
If you force Muslims to take their hijab off then they would feel genuinely violated.
Christians do not feel the same way if asked not to wear a cross.
This is the important difference.
&gt; As for being an "x supporter," well, you could apply that to ANYTHING.
Come on.
For instance, Chick fil A hires gays and transgenders even though the owners are Christian and their stores are closed on Sunday but they are seen as anti-gay because they believe what the Word says about homosexual activity.
Isn't that a bit hypocritical?
It's also exactly what I meant.....telling us what we can and can't believe by compelling us to conform to their idea of what is right and wrong.
To help you understand, we can change "X" to refer to something more widely recognised as bad such as segregation.
For instance "Joe's Diner" hires black people.
But they are seen as racist because they believe what the Bible says about the segregation of the races.
Does this help to clarify?
Chick-Fil-A is seen as homophobic because the beliefs they hold are homophobic.
Just because some of their practices aren't homophobic does not excuse those of their beliefs which are.
&gt;	I don't like seeing people making out in public, ever.
Agree, that's why I made the distinction about being sexual in public vs expressing sexual preference.
&gt;	Let's see....the civil rights movement at this point is trying to deny our history happened by destroying monuments that could be used for teaching.
There's a difference between denying history and saying "we don't need monuments to racism on public display anymore".
&gt;	My daughter couldn't wear a t-shirt with a cross on it to school, but her classmate could wear a hijab.
Which was wrong, your daughter should be able to wear her t-shirt to school.
&gt;	Isn't that a bit hypocritical?
It's also exactly what I meant.....telling us what we can and can't believe by compelling us to conform to their idea of what is right and wrong.
I think you are confusing the right to speech and the right to not be offended or to suffer backlash.
Chick-fil-A can believe and express whatever they wish about gay people, just as gay people can believe and express whatever they wish about Chick-fil-A.
The problem comes is when a gay person expressing their opinion is seen as "compelling us to conform".
The difference is that "white evangelical" is not an ethnicity, so saying that the members of a voluntary group support X thing is not the same as saying all *whites* support ethno-nationalism, which would be racist.
(Plus I never said *all* white evangelicals, I am fully acknowledging that over 10% of them do not support these policies or leaders)
I lived as a lesbian before realizing I was bi for 10 years.
Joined the Air Force during don't ask, don't tell while identifying as a lesbian.
I've have men threaten to rape me to 'fix' me and had watched as people I knew get kicked out of their homes.
You sure as hell don't know me enough to make assumptions about who I am.
You don't have to be straight to not like some of the activities that happen at pride.
I've been to pride and won't go back because I don't like it.
&gt; The same Christians who railed against Bill Clinton back in the 90s and said our leaders should be held to high moral standards suddenly abandoned that position en masse when Trump came onto the scene.
Yes!
James Dobson once said:

&gt; As it turns out, character DOES matter.
You can’t run a family, let alone a country, without it.
How foolish to believe that a person who lacks honesty and moral integrity is qualified to lead a nation and the world!
Nevertheless, our people continue to say that the President is doing a good job even if they don’t respect him personally.
Those two positions are fundamentally incompatible.
In the Book of James the question is posed, “Can both fresh water and salt water flow from the same spring” (James 3:11 NIV).
The answer is no.”

I remember vividly how much we used to talk about 'morals' and 'character' back in the 90s.
I think I didn't get the memo that said we no longer have to worry about them, as long as we get Conservative Supreme Court judges.
And frankly, as a Canadian, I don't really understand why the political intricacies of a country I don't even live in are more important than our movement's commitment to character.
&gt;  I have no clue what to do about it.
My one suggestion at the moment is to re-calibrate who we think of as 'leaders'.
It's clear to me that James Dobson, Franklin Graham, Jerry Falwell and so on have squandered any moral authority they may once have had.
But there *are* clear moral voices out there, that are worth listening to.
I recommend Shane Claibourne, William Barber, John Pavlovitz, Diana Butler Bass, Rachel Held Evans, Nadia Bolz Webber, Rob Bell, Kaitlin Curtice, Richard Rohr and Bree Newsome as a good start.
&gt; destroying monuments that could be used for teaching

They don't like that those monuments are placed *in positions of honor*.
There is a place for preserving negative aspects of history.
Auschwitz is preserved.
It is not, however, *honored*.
There are no prominent statues of Hitler in Germany or Adolf Hitler parks.
Yet no German is ignorant of their country's history.
Chik Fil A is seen as anti-gay because they have donated a lot of money to anti-gay hate groups.
In fairness, they have stopped doing that and do hire gay and transgender employees.
But that is the reason they are seen as anti-gay, it’s not simply because they are a “Christian” company

I think this is about people asking to be treated with respect, not telling others to conform or else.
Edit: Those monuments deserve to be torn down.
We can teach and learn from history without them.
They are not intended to teach, they are intended to honor slave-owners and traitors to our country.
Those people do not deserve our respect.
Fair enough.
I totally get that it's not for everyone.
My apologies for making incorrect assumptions about you.
I spend so much time having to stand up for my LGBT family members that sometimes I jump to conclusions about who I'm talking to.
I'm really sorry about that - I'll try to do better in future.
It can and it will, with or without your effort.
Focus on things you can control.
You don't let what you feel about other people's action deter your relationship with god.
They will be who they will be and shall they show devotion in their struggles, over time, their ways may change or yours or both and in that time unity shall take place.
Just have a little faith.
That's all it takes.
In time, these frustrations will be revealed.
You will have your opportunity to contribute 0.2% or more.
That would depend on the calling you will receive in the face of such opportunities.
I too go to my special place at times.
When things were more simple.
A humble church in a jungle being urbanized, when the floras haven't been completely tampered.
When I didn't understand the cries that emanated from within other christians.
I'll never go back to such innocence.
Absolutely impossible.
But maybe there's a belief these people cling on to with conviction.
Sure they're gonna preach marriage is sacred.
Between man and woman, and they are powered by scripture in doing this.
But when a christian goes and fights for the LGBT, how would they perceive it?
A christian serving two masters?
It's their calling, just like it maybe your calling to fight for LGBT rights.
But when you're fighting for LGBT rights, are you still fighting for christ?
And you can turn it around.
When pastors get political with private companies and other wordly issues, are they fighting for christ or for Caesar?
There are things you can't control and trying to grab water with conviction leaves one thristy.
Yeah, In-N-Out is also a Christian company, but they didn't donate a bunch of money to hate groups, so most people are fine with them.
I have no clue, either.
This cantankerous post is a reflection of the process for me.
Not the most productive but certainly a reflection of my wrestling with trying to understand how to deal with evil.
&gt;I have no clue what to do about it.
Walk away from churches that do this.
Find others.
They aren't all the same.
Source: Ex-evangelical who used to think that all churches are the same.
You're definitely not alone in that sentiment.
One of my colleagues has been with his husband for something like a decade, and he expressed how he never liked how Pride tends to conflate homosexuality with promiscuity.
He said once that just because he likes other men doesn't mean he wants to sleep with dozens or hundreds of them or see gratuitous PDA everywhere.
Many of my (gay and straight) friends adore Pride, but there are definitely those out there who don't like it for similar reasons that you mentioned.
We wouldn’t put up a statue of Hitler.
You can learn about confederates without honouring their morally wrong positions.
&gt;We can teach and learn from history without them.
True, and I agree they should be removed from places of honor, but I think it would be better to put them in a museum around themes of the civil war or slavery or civil rights.
&gt;I didn't and don't oppose the civil rights movement as long as they don't try to tell me what I can and can't do or believe.
Then you explicitly oppose the civil rights movement, which tells you that you *can't* do certain things, like refuse to give someone a job they are qualified for or sell them a house they can afford, just because they are black, and that you *should or must* do certain things, like treat people equally in public whether white or black.
This assumes that you must also believe certain things, like that it is fundamentally possible for black people to be intelligent and educated enough to qualify for employment, or that it is possible for a white person to commit a crime against a person of colour.
none of these assumptions were a given at the inception of the civil rights movement and accepting it defacto means accepting certain premises whether you like that idea or not.
I like to imagine our educational system is still robust enough that us commoners don't need to be "taught" with statues because we are literate enough to be "taught" with words in books.
(I've personally never learned anything from a statue without having a person or plaque use their words to explain what the statue represents anyways.
Statues are decoration, not education).
A girl required to wear a headcovering is qualitatively different than a girl voluntarily wearing a decorative religious symbol.
There are Christian women who headcover; if your family was one of those, it would be fair for her to be allowed to do so in school.
Head covering as a religious or cultural obligation is not the same as displaying the symbol of a particular religion.
&gt; White American Christians overwhelmingly support a thrice-married casino owning sexual abuser for the highest office in the land.
Well, for a lot of people the choice was simple.
A presidential candidate that supports killing babies.
A candidate that doesn't.
It takes an awfully unconcerned, uninterested, and lazy person to vote on a single issue.
There are hundreds of issues to consider.
I think if it were any other kind of evil thing according to the church, let's say building a casino across from the middle school, or the strip club down the street going full frontal nudity, there would be no question about what to do.
People would educate themselves on the matter, put an ad in the paper, stand up, speak out, sermonize, canvas the area door to door, ask for donations to hire a legal team, hold protests in the street condemning it, and so on.
Why is this issue any different?
Why so afraid?
The Religious Right has been consumed by a self-justifying Nietzschean will-to-power complex.
It seems to me that all they really care about deep down in their hearts is power for power's sake.
This is made obvious by things like Dominionism theology.
According to the Quran, headcovering is not required.
Modesty is what is specified.
*"And say to the believing women that they should lower their gaze and guard their modesty; that they should not display their beauty and ornaments except what (must ordinarily) appear thereof; that they should draw their khimār over their bosoms and not display their beauty except to their husbands, their fathers, their husband’s fathers, their sons, their husbands’ sons, their brothers or their brothers’ sons, or their sisters’ sons, or their women, or the slaves whom their right hands possess, or male servants free of physical needs, or small children who have no sense of the shame of sex; and that they should not strike their feet in order to draw attention to their hidden ornaments.
"* (Quran 24:31) 

It's comparable to the Bible's admonishment that women not dress immodestly.
*"I also want the women to dress modestly, with decency and propriety, adorning themselves, not with elaborate hairstyles or gold or pearls or expensive clothes, but with good deeds, appropriate for women who profess to worship God.
"* (1 Timothy 2:9-10)
1) i didn't mention the quran
2) i notice you totally ignored the point about christian headcovering
3) most faith communitie develop rules or traditions based on interpretation that isn't explicitly present in the religious text.
That doesn't invalidate the.significance of those practises.
It also doesn't make engaging in those practisise qualitatively the same as deliberately dispalying a purely decorative symbol of the religion.
Do your church leaders or culture have a defacto reaquirement that girls wear t shirts with crosses on them as, for example, a form of humility?
No?
I didn't think so.
Should a girl whose family practises christian headcovering for women be permitted to do so in class?
Yes, obviously.
Nobody is taking anything away from you.
They are just making things different from what you are used to.

Summary: 
I believe it can be better than this.
&gt;  I have no clue what to do about it.
I have no clue, either.
The thing is, I have no clue what to do about it.
I *want* to keep being an evangelical.
But I have more of a responsibility to *my* group.
I wish I had your tact.
- I didn't support the Iraq invasion.
I totally get that it's not for everyone.
When I talk about my kids?
&gt; I didn't support the Iraq invasion.
I too go to my special place at times.
I don't like seeing people making out in public, ever.
What do you think the civil rights movement is?
Do civil rights people tell you what you can't believe?
&gt;	I don't like seeing people making out in public, ever.
When I wear a wedding ring?
So don't go to Pride.
I think our sexual preferences belong in the bedroom, not out in public.
I've been to pride and won't go back because I don't like it.
And then it requires deciding which leaders I should be listening to.
It's ok, I don't mind you asking for receipts!
No one has said what you can and can't believe.
- I'm a white Christian and I didn't vote for or in any way support the current president.
I'm genuinely unsure of what is being said here, and I don't want to guess.
It's not for you, anyway.
&gt; I'm a white Christian and I didn't vote for or in any way support the current president.
Yeah, I didn't really know what to say to those bits.
- I didn't and don't oppose the civil rights movement as long as they don't try to tell me what I can and can't do or believe.
Self-examination benefits you and I personally, but the larger Church?
White American Christians were united in their opposition to the [Civil Rights Movement](https://www.africa.upenn.edu/Articles_Gen/Letter_Birmingham.html).
&gt; I didn't and don't oppose the civil rights movement as long as they don't try to tell me what I can and can't do or believe.
&gt;	 I didn't and don't oppose the civil rights movement as long as they don't try to tell me what I can and can't do or believe.
I don't want to see anyone doing that stuff, gay or straight, in public.
They are just making things different from what you are used to.
And I don't know how to reply to "I don't want it shoved in my face."
When things were more simple.
You don't have to be straight to not like some of the activities that happen at pride.
I believe it's more about some types of activities that occur during pride events.
When I didn't understand the cries that emanated from within other christians.
&gt; I'm not anti-gay....I just don't want it shoved in my face any more than heterosexuality or any other sexuality.
Are all white people right wing ethno-nationalist evangelicals?
- I'm not anti-gay....I just don't want it shoved in my face any more than heterosexuality or any other sexuality.
