Original Response: 
[removed]
Please get out.
Take the cat if you can; get it to a shelter if you can't look after it yourself.
Look into women's organisations in the area, contact people back home.
Would your Facebook friends help, do you think?
Make SURE you've got your passport and identification papers in a safe place.
Also money, phone etc.
You're seeing his true colours for the first time.
He thinks you're isolated and vulnerable and he can afford to throw his weight around.
You're not helpless, though,  Plan, get out (with cat if possible) and console yourself on a narrow escape.
I know it's hard, believe me, I know.
It isn't impossible.
I will take the cat.
We have a puppy too who he also hits when he pees on the floor.
When the puppy pees on the floor I quickly clean it and don't tell so he doesn't beat the dog.
I also want to take the dog with me but he paid for him so won't let me I guarantee.
This is so hard.
Oh my goodness.
You're such a kind person and he's such a bully.
If he's hitting both animals he's sure to hit you in future.
You're the top priority here; if you can organise something for both pets that would be great but put yourself first.
It hurts to say that but it's necessary.
Would someone from home come out for a "visit"?
Or could you ask the animal protection people to help rehome the dog?
I'm sorry, I'm trying to think of ways out for you and them, and maybe all you want to do is tell your problems.
But you're not helpless and we're all here to support you.
My family is coming to visit me this week and my bestfriend is coming the week after.
I might ring my grandma when he's out and ask her to borrow some money for me and the animals to get out.
Thanks for your help.
That's fantastic.
You've got this, OP.
Just a few more days now.
[removed]
I will try everything to take the dog too.
When it comes time and you are about to leave him permanently maybe you could get the dog out of the house to safety when he isn’t there.
You could say you sent him to the groomers or something like that.
(I’m in the US and am assuming they have dog groomers in Italy as well though.)
I would also get the cat out of the house before you leave as well.
No need to risk him hurting them more.
Just take the dog anyways.
He's gonna abuse him all of his life.
Please!
Animal abusers are pure garbage.
Ugh.
I'm sorry, that's so hard.
But you need to put your safety ahead of the dog's.
I know that's awful but it's true.
Let them know what's going on and ask them to bring spare suitcases (if they pack their stuff in a small case and stick a small case in a big one it works pretty well) so they can start discreetly taking your stuff back for you, it should make it easier for you to go.
Maybe book a ticket to go home at the same time as your best friend, so you have got some support with you?
Thats a good idea.
I just don't have enough money to pay for a ticket and get the pets out and leave.
If you let your family know what's going on, I'm sure they'll help you.
Figure out how much it will cost for you and the pets to book the same flight and see what they can do.

Summary: 
I will take the cat.
I will try everything to take the dog too.
Just take the dog anyways.
I know that's awful but it's true.
I'm sorry, that's so hard.
I would also get the cat out of the house before you leave as well.
But you're not helpless and we're all here to support you.
