Original Response: 
Proof: [https://imgur.com/a/vOS2FvK](https://imgur.com/a/vOS2FvK)

&amp;#x200B;

YouTube: [https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk0tjdiQ9hqoJYbZR71Vs\_A/](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCk0tjdiQ9hqoJYbZR71Vs_A/)

&amp;#x200B;

Podcast (Stoic Mettle): [http://stoicmettle.libsyn.com/](http://stoicmettle.libsyn.com/)

&amp;#x200B;

Edit:10:39PST - I have to go to bed at some point tonight but I'll wake up and keep answering questions that are posted until the thread dies so ask away!
I really appreciate all of the love and thanks for the great questions.
Is it still possible to make a living as a farmer?
(not OP)

I'd imagine if you were a farmer who grew a decent variety of stuff, you wouldn't really have any physical need for currency or "making a living" anymore because you have more food than you could ever eat.
Though I guess if you want internet and a modern lifestyle, you'll still need some classic dollars.
Hell yes!
There is a newer community of farm entrepreneurs all trying to make it work.
It is still a really hard go but it's doable.
I know multiple market gardens who are farming in a similar style as me that gross $100,000+ in a season on under 1 acre of land.
With that being said there are still a lot of farms that don't make money.
Nah, not like thousands of self owned farms exist or anything.
[deleted]
Basically meaning for small scale and someone starting out.
But thanks for the response numb nuts.
Generalized questions get generalized answers.
Specific questions get specific answers.
*Shrug*
Ah, didn’t realize it was your AMA.
Thanks anyways, again.
Theres no rule against someone answering your question.
You're taking a little jab as a serious insult.
Relax.
Though why answer a question stupidly on an AMA that isn’t yours?
I farm for a living.
A full stomach doesn’t keep the lights on, I can guarantee that.
Plenty of overweight farmers see their business fail.
&gt;  gross $100,000+ in a season

Great, but what do you think they actually net?
Depends on if the local cartel want a cut of the weed farm.
Practice, probably.
You can make good profit with not much space with some crops.
I thought about growing garlic because high end, rarer/heirloom varieties of garlic grown organically can go for $10/lb or more.
But I imagine it's hard to grow organically .. 

A few decent sized ears of garlic is a pound so you can see the money density there lol.
There's no rule against it, did I break some unspoken etiquette?
I made a joke, how awful of me.
This is the real question.
And the very high end salad greens too, I believe.
But the problem with these high price cash crops is that you do have to predict when the foodie fad will pass and jump ship to the next craze.
Thank you for the response and doing the AMA.
Best of luck with the your farm!
Honestly I think the biggest key to growing quote unquote organically is to find ways to safely cheat like with a greenhouse and things that limit the outside forces that can influence the quality of your produce without having to resort to things like herbal and insecticides.
Honestly didn’t even think of garlic.
Good point.
yo if you're gonna fuck with garlic you might as well get some rice cookers and put them in the shed, that's how i make my black garlic and people pay cash to not have to do that, one dude produces like half the UK supply on a medium sized plot with a homemade cooker, and he's livin good.
It's not an unspoken rule  to not be a complete dick in a random unrelated thread that you had no involvement in and no reason to comment and be a dick with an irrelevant and crappy comment.
[deleted]
“Ouch, why did you do that?”
“Just practicing being a cunt.”.
They can net 50-70% depending on how they run their operations.
There is a sweet spot for a small farm where you find the right mix of market sales:labour.
Is... Is this a real thing?
?
Cartel lol... Move to Northern California or South Oregon.
Hahaha wtf, I had no idea that was one of the ways for making it.
Black Garlic hasn't really "taken off" locally but my local health food store did JUST start carrying it and it's pretty tasty.
That umami flavor/smell is crazy.
So long how do you cook it?
Are you just buying like bulk Chinese garlic and making it black?
Really interesting and I appreciate your time and reply!
Yeah a greenhouse for the garlic was my first thought but it's also expensive :( 

Even if I started with a small one like even 12x12' or something it would probably still be enough yields to sell to local restaurants/markets, enough to get some profits so I can reinvest...
I'm gonna look into it more.
That's true but garlic is always in demand - that's why I thought of it first.
The salad greens seem more finnicky because they are only fresh for a few days and if you have no buyers in that time you lose a bunch of money/profit.
But I bet in the right area you could practically START the fads if you ordered the right rare/heirloom seeds and started growing stuff no one else can get or has even heard of.
I'd say 'Dude just grow in your house!'
but unfortunately that tends to be pretty bad for your house.
=(
 Hahaha I'm not sure how much light garlics need but that might actually be worth it if I could get away only using like 300w for a 4x4' area.
I wish I had a sunroom on my house lol.
500w of power 12 hours a day for a year costs over $250 so it'd have to be a decent profit at that point ..
I'll have to do research to see how it grows under LED growlights too.
I should asked before but is this gig (veg farming ~1 acre) 40hr / week job?
Basically is there much room for a side hustle?
There is apparently enough room to side hustle a youtube channel.
Just a tip: a great source for cool stuff not a lot of people have heard of is Baker Creek Heirloom Seeds (www.rareseeds.com).
They specialize in heirloom, rare, regional seeds (as in different regions around the world that have unusual produce).
They're my favorite seed company in the world.
Oh yeah I've already ordered from them a couple times, their catalog is insane and I spent hours looking through their website - the variety is crazy.
I was so happy when I found that site because it seems like one of the only ones really trying to keep those rare seeds around and available for purchase.
It's definitely inspiring.
I didn't get any Garlic bulbs last time though cause they cost so much more than most seeds.
I don't know anywhere else to get quality heirloom bulbs like that though so they will most likely be the place I buy them from :) 

Thanks for thinking to mention it, I appreciate it :)
On 1 acre holy shit, that's some high yield crops.
Isn't black garlic just regular garlic, but you put it in a dry empty rice cooker set to the "keep warm" setting and you just leave it there for three to four weeks?
thats what i do and i dont think its so special but a lot of restaurants dont have time or space to make their own and pay well for the convenience.
I grow seeds as a farmer for a living and do trials, 1/2 the stuff we trial from baker creek ends up being something else (off type) just FYI.
Check out :wild garden seeds, peace seeds, uprising seeds, true love seeds, adaptive seeds, high mowing, siskiyou seeds, hudson valley seed company, turtle tree seeds.
All those seed companies really do fine selection work to get true seed.
There’s so much fun out there!
I mean I could YouTube what I do at work but I wouldn’t have time to be a vegetable farmer, I can tell you that for sure.
Fair enough.
But at 2.2k subs, there isn't much rev-share in that.
Might help with local advertising though.
i grow a lot of my own veg but not as much as we eat (yet) so a lot of it is grocery store or local farmer.
i actually prefer to use hardneck european garlics, duno how well it would go with the chinese type.
basically i just bung it in a rice cooker somewhere ventillated separately from the house for like 18-30 days.
you peel off the wrappers that peel off without separating cloves, leave the little ones on individual cloves and put the whole heads, root ball side down in the cooker, dont stack them more than 3 high.
i open it up every couple of days after the two week mark, you're basically maillarding them into veggie caramels so you can just judge by color and fimness when they're "done" which as the end consumer is more or less when i like how caramelly they are, although for sale i'd probably make sure i was getting a consistent product.
i usually dry them at room temp, covered, and shuffle them around every few days until they're dry enough to not mold.
its not hard or complicated, just time consuming and stinky, which is why €$£

go fuck around and have fun, worst case scenario you have a rice cooker, which means you can cook rice mad easy and life is that much simpler ;)

&lt;3.
Ahh cool!
The hardneck garlics is a bit more expensive for me and the vast majority of Garlic comes from China unless it's organic.
(China uses tons of pesticides and I prefer not to buy garlic from them cause their soil is just polluted with tons of stuff) 

You use the rice cooker on keep warm setting?
I already have a couple instant pots so they could probably do the same thing.
I appreciate it a lot, definitely time consuming but it seems simple otherwise.
I'm sure I will be trying it eventually.
Thank you :)
[deleted]
[deleted]
i bet you could!
We trial what they release from their catalog to see if we want to grow it out over a couple of years then carry in our catalog.
If we find a variety that we like we will stabilize it and see if it grows well in our region season after season.
Only after that do we put that product in large scale production to offer in our catalog.
They do put out seeds into their packets that are not reliable.
It happens.
More with them than the other seed companies that l mentioned.
Not too much shade on them however, I’m really into the fact that they seek out rare varieties and get folks growing!
They could just do a bit more work in quality control.

Summary: 
I farm for a living.
I made a joke, how awful of me.
I'm sure I will be trying it eventually.
Really interesting and I appreciate your time and reply!
I really appreciate all of the love and thanks for the great questions.
I wish I had a sunroom on my house lol.
Honestly didn’t even think of garlic.
Hahaha wtf, I had no idea that was one of the ways for making it.
They do put out seeds into their packets that are not reliable.
There's no rule against it, did I break some unspoken etiquette?
They're my favorite seed company in the world.
Generalized questions get generalized answers.
Specific questions get specific answers.
Are you just buying like bulk Chinese garlic and making it black?
Theres no rule against someone answering your question.
Is it still possible to make a living as a farmer?
I didn't get any Garlic bulbs last time though cause they cost so much more than most seeds.
