Original Response: 
To begin, I'm a female BDSM practitioner.
I enjoy it, and I won't apologize.
(Edit: That came out harsh.
I'm Sorry)

My husband often cuffs and whips me, and on Wednesday we had a pretty hardcore session.
He put these big leather cuffs on me, but failed to take off my Apple Watch.
I didn't realize that if you hold the dial down, it automatically dials 911.
So we get into it, and he's spanking me and I'm pulling on my restraints, and the restraints hold down the button.
Hes smacking me pretty good, and suddenly I hear from my watch "Ma'am, I hear what appears to be hitting and screaming.
We are sending someone to you.
Hold tight."
"Did you call 911???"
My husband asked, "tell them it was an accident!!"
So I tell the 911 operator that it was just an accident, and she says is your name [She said my name here]?
And I say yes... And she says "we have your address from our database, and we're sending someone over now.
Im sorry, but we hear a male voice telling you what to say, and this sounds like coercion on our end, so we are obligated to make sure you're safe.
I said okay thank you, and I hung up.
"The police are coming."
Shit.
I'm literally covered in bruises and welts, the police are coming to check on my well being.
Within a few minutes there's a stern knock at the door.
We put our clothes on and come to the door, and the police take my husband outside, separating us from communication.
I calmly explain that it was an accident and we were just having really crazy sex.
I didn't mention the spanking.
Apparently my husband did.
Another police officer comes in and asks about our BDSM contract.
"He told you about our contract?"
"He felt it best to come clean about your extracurricular activities tonight, and thought the contract would possibly show State of Mind."
I go get our contract and showed it to the officers.
After a mortifying few more minutes explaining that he was only smacking my ass and thighs, they believe us and tell us to disable the 911 feature on the Apple Watch if we're going to do that again.
TL;DR TIFU by accidentally calling 911 during a heavy BDSM session and they heard me screaming and sent the police.
Edit: iWatch doesn't exist.
&lt;3

Edit: this post is not Deja Vu.
Yes.
I posted it 2 days ago, and mods took it down, asking me to repost it today.
The literally hundreds of people asking about if they saw this before need to read this edit.
They took it down because this happened on Wednesday, and according to the rules of the subreddit, sexual content is not allowed except for on weekend, so they asked me to repost it today.
EDIT: Holy shit.
Thanks for the gold!!
And the front page.
I'm freaking out a little because contrary to the trolls, yes this happened.
What's your safe word?
Tornado.
Have you ever used it?
Also, if there were previous bfs/husbands, is the safe word still the same or different?
I don’t know why but the safe word is my favourite part of this whole story!
It gets me good.
"ok google"?
He he.
[removed]
Possibly banana.
I think it needs to be "COPS" now.
I take it you don’t live In the Midwest..
As a meteorologist and storm chaser this would not be a good choice of safeword for me.
screaming "COPS" during a BDSM session might not be the best idea.
TBF if you see a tornado comming it might be a good time to stop .... Cumming I guess.
Mine is pineapples.
https://i.imgur.com/emEqN0T.gifv.
I feel like shark would be a better one.
[removed]
Mine and my dom's is dolphins, because dolphins are rapists, and we don't want that.
“Siri call 911”.
Probably not, but it's still funny af.

Summary: 
I didn't mention the spanking.
I think it needs to be "COPS" now.
"He told you about our contract?"
My husband asked, "tell them it was an accident!!"
I go get our contract and showed it to the officers.
I enjoy it, and I won't apologize.
Another police officer comes in and asks about our BDSM contract.
I said okay thank you, and I hung up.
I take it you don’t live In the Midwest..
