Original Response: 
[deleted]
I won a Baton V2 on here not that long ago and have been using it for the past few days.
It's quite the nice little pod system and seems like a refillable Juul killer.
I got one of those too, but have been noticing a little juicyness around the pod everytime I remove it to fill.
Granted that's only been about twice, and I didn't try the 2nd pod yet, but wondered if you or other winners had also experienced that.
&amp;#x200B;

Also, I know that prices are all relative, and value in the eye of the beholder, but I don't know that I personally think it's worth the retail price they're asking for it.
Good little system though for sure.
I think slight leakiness pretty much comes with all pod systems.
You can end it on the Baton by throwing out that useless rectangular silicon piece that sits between the plug and mouthpiece.
It seems to collect fluid and is what's making the pods leak.
Ever since I've removed them from the equation the pods are bone dry on the outside whenever I pull them out.
Had I not won one I'd be willing to pay $35 for it.
It doesn't seem unreasonable for the device and two pods to me.
For some reason I thought it was $50 for the device only, but that's the price when including a 10ml of their overpriced liquid (the Fruit Confit tastes good, but no way I'm paying $10/10ml).
I'm not intimately familiar with the pod market, but personally I'd probably go with something else at that price point, an AIO or another pod system perhaps.
I'm also split on the Baton's draw...
I like that it's tight, but for some reason it feels odd to me.
Idk if you've ever watched Grimm Green, but if you've ever heard him describe how some atties are like "breathing through a sponge"... that's how I feel about this one.
Thanks for the tip on the silicone piece though.
It's a bit funny that those info cards refer to that extra piece as the "anti-leak protection" or something along those lines.
The $50 kit also includes an extra pack of pods so there's four total.
Their juice does seem a bit pricey but I'm used to paying more for salts.
The flavor I tried Southern Leaf is awesome.
It's a very accurate straight tobacco.
I think it has the perfect MTL draw.
That's one of the things I love about it.
The only thing I can find to criticize after I got past the leaking is its lack of pass through.
There are times when I'd like to take a couple of drags off of it as it charges but I can't.
It's not the hugest issue with multiple vapes within arms reach but it seems odd that they wouldn't include it, especially seeing as how most of their competitors have the feature.
I noticed the lack of pass-through too, but doesn't bother me much.
Seems to charge pretty quickly too.
If you're ever looking for more  salts at better prices, my favorite salts line is from SaltNic, some VGod branded.
They're like $16/30ml normal pricing but CSVape almost always has 30-50% off on their whole site, so 30mls are $10 or less.
I haven't tried the Dry Tobacco flavor but Cubano is amazing, though more like a Black &amp; Mild than a cigarette.
Need to get around to trying the Cubano Silver and Black versions but haven't yet.
And my wife's favorites are the Luscious, Mango, and Pink Cakes which are all very solid too.
Only one I haven't liked is the Strawberry, which tasted perfumey to me.
I'm vaping Cubano Silver in my Baton right now.
LOL The honey flavor in it really stands out with the tobacco.
I love it!
I grabbed a 30 from Eightvape for under $10 while it was on sale last week.
Normally it's $11 there.
I'm guess I'm weird when it comes to buying juice.
I love saving money but I'm not always looking for the cheapest options.
I don't mind paying high prices if I like something.
The Indigo Tycoon that I have loaded in another vape is $18 for a 30 or $34 for a 60 of freebase.
I like mine, but I feel like more juice has leaked out vs me vaping it.
I'll try taking the silicone thing out.
I'm on my second pod specifically to see if it's better.
Yeah it's weird, it looks like it'd be air/water-tight and the small plug is almost hard to get in...
But somehow juice keeps escaping from the thing.
It's weird for sure I think I saw something from u/_baton mention that it's something they're trying to fix.
I know for sure that more juice has leaked than I've used though.
Otherwise it's a great little set up, I personally love the draw on it.
Our next batch of pods will definitely have a fix.
I'll be sure to keep everyone on here updated with when you can expect that to happen.
It will be soon.
I hope so, mine leak like a sieve.
The fact that the device charges so quickly (throw it on the charger for a few minutes and you have a good amount of puffs ready to go) was the whole argument behind omitting the pass through feature.
You guys definitely have  a good point though and I am keeping track of all these suggestions.
Thank you.
Thank you!
I really do like the device, so please keep in mind that on a vaping forum where most of us are into the hobbiest aspect, small flaws are something we discuss.
Despite the minor things I've mentioned, it's a very solid device and feels premium.
I've never tried the main player in the auto-draw space, but I'd bet the Baton v2 stacks up well against it!

Summary: 
That's one of the things I love about it.
I like that it's tight, but for some reason it feels odd to me.
I hope so, mine leak like a sieve.
I think it has the perfect MTL draw.
I don't mind paying high prices if I like something.
Good little system though for sure.
I'm also split on the Baton's draw...
I know for sure that more juice has leaked than I've used though.
I like mine, but I feel like more juice has leaked out vs me vaping it.
