Original Response: 
[deleted]
Honestly, your husband is acting like an asshole, sorry for the expression.
There are as many different types of vaginas as there are of penises.
And how can he compare with one other vagina?
He ruined sex for the both of you, I mean how dumb can one be?
How would he feel if you made fun of his dick?
Like condemn him for not having the perfect penis in your opinion.
If he really judges you this way and does not care how it makes you feel, I (in your place) would strongly reflect if he is the right partner for you...
[removed]
[removed]
The point waves at you sadly as it goes flying over your head.
Or just tell him dick is tiny compared to your first boyfriend.
Turnabout is fair play.
They’re are equally out of ones control though.
This kind of attitude is why relationships fail.
Husband is obviously wrong, but OP taking this route is immature and wont fix anything.
Comments by men on reddit have nothing to do with the two of them.
The question is thus raised: is there anything left in this relationship that OP can fix?
She's tried talking.
Stop being soft.
Don't dish it out if you can't take it, right?
Turnabout is the childish move.
Adults should learn to move from fair to equitable.
Be better.
Yeah that just doesnt work long term.
There are so many layers when you're married, you really have to be 50/50.
If you cant be 50/50 then you have to be willing to swallow the pride and take up the slack the other person doesnt take up and make arrangements if it continues to a point you cant handle.
The "what about the men" thing in this post is just disrespectful to OP.
Absolutely.
Though if the husband is having a problem empathising, pointing out what the equivalent for her to say to him could maybe help get her point across, and make him realise what he has said in this instance.
I don't think it's up to her to fix an abuser.
I wonder how old they are, OP mentions "a few years" but who knows how long she means.
If they are early 20s then it may just be immaturity and could get better in time.
I got married at 20, did and said some stupid things.
34 now, still married and maturity is key.
In your 20s you want to "get back" at the other person, later on you realize swallowing the pride and getting over it is worth WAY more than the 2 seconds of gratification from a delivering a "Fuck you!"
to your significant other.
But the other person needs to be on the same wavelength, which can be tricky.
I would agree if this were r/relationships.
I was just drawing a parallel with how genitals are viewed by society at large and the dichotomy between the (rightful) taboo in criticising female genitalia and the social acceptability of the reverse which is a fairly appropriate subject for this sub.
If you don't agree, feel free to down vote it to the bottom of the page.
I shan't be offended.
How does that apply to verbal abuse?
[removed]
[removed]
&gt; taboo in criticising female genitalia

You're clearly not a woman nor have you been attentive if you think our bodies aren't commonly criticized, especially our genitals.
"Roast beef", "hot dog down a hallway", etc.
are just two of the lovely ways vulvas are disparaged by men *all the time.
*
That's a very bad attitude.
Sure this shouldn't happen in the first place, but being aggressive back won't change the situation, it will make it worse.
I dont think that is the case.
This is verbal abuse plain and simple.
She already made her point that it makes her feel ashamed.
Why people defend someone who does this blows my mind.
If I said something to my wife that made her feel ashamed I wouldn't be cold and uncaring about it I would try and fix it.
People need to stop making excuses for verbal abuse.
That isnt 50/50.
Everyone makes stupid comments but the onrus is on them to rectify it when they see it hurts the other person, not shrug it off.
That isnt a relationship.
Just because one bad thing happens doesn't mean the entire relationship is broken.
[deleted]
OP is being abused by her husband and here you are making it all about men on the internet.
Or make fun of his balls being different in size.
See this is why Reddit advice needs to be taken cautiously--decent chance it's a 16-year-old giving it.
OP needs to sit down with their husband and explain how the comments made her feel.
It's possible he was being flippant and insensitive but didn't intend to attack an insecurity like that.
If he understood that saying that was going to be hurtful, then OP needs to have a conversation with her husband about whatever underlying resentment he is feeling (or isn't) that is prompting him to lash out.
At the end of the day this is just advice on the internet though, OPs specific circumstances are relevant and we can't know them or offer anything but the broadest possible recommendations.
Not healthy relationship advice ^
Sounds like he wasn't thinking about it before he said it, or else he would've realized he risked ruining sex for himself too.
Of course not to mention how hurtful it could be.
OP, you said you tried talking to him, I would suggest trying that one more time (possibly with mediator or counselor or writing it down first) with the emphasis on feelings (using "I" statements and all).
Hopefully he'll be able to see how hurtful he's been, and will make it obvious how much he cares about you and didn't mean to do that.
If not.... Yeah, that's emotional abuse, get out of there before it gets worse.
P.s.
your vulva is beautiful.
Yes but it needs to be done in a conversation, rather than said out of anger.
I agree.
Rather than intentionally saying “oh my last boyfriend had an uncircumcised penis.
it felt so much better than a circumcised one” (or similar depending on cultural standards) saying “you know your comments about my vagina are really rude and hurtful, would you like it if I said that I preferred another mans dick over yours and that yours was flawed?
Because that’s what you’re telling me.” and see how it goes.
Giving him the equivalent during an explanation may help him realize that he’s not joking and he’s being extremely hurtful.
No, but if the serpentine belt in a car were to break, and you couldn't fix or replace that serpentine belt for some reason, that car is not going to be going anywhere even if every other part of the car is pristine.
It's effectively broken.
OP has done everything she can to fix this issue, and none of it has worked.
Her husband is going to have to fix it himself, and he doesn't seem to want to.
So much truth from whizzedcheese right here it's not even funny.
IDK about you but I love roast beef.
I'd eat that shit all day.
I don't see roast beef as a derogatory term, now hotdog down a hallway.
Yeah that's offensive.
Of course there is.
They wouldn't have got married if that was so.
Most guys are used to.people poking fun at things they don't like about themselves and take a callous attitude when dealing with others sometimes.
He doesn't understand just how important body image can be to some women, and his attitude is a reflection of that.
Sit him down and let him know this isn't something you can just gloss over and that your feelings are seriously hurt.
In his mind he may he may actually think you are over reacting, and have no idea exactly how wrecked you are right now.
men (myself included) need to do a better job of empathazing with the opposite gender and many are bad at this because they simply are ignorant.
100/100 the slack is like 95/105.
Each party should come in at 100% knowing that sometimes you may be feeling the extra 5%-10% from time to time.
That's not what begging the question is.....
&gt; but being aggressive back won't change the situation, it will make it worse.
Not necessarily.
He might see how hurtful it is, pull his head in and apologise.
I guess the point is that body shaming is not restricted to any one gender or characteristic.
Anyhow, criticizing what is a gift to you is always in bad taste.
Criticizing people's appearance is in bad taste....
Bang on.
He may genuinely not see the equivalent.
If he does, well, he’s a dick, and OP has a decision to make.
But no one argued against that so the point is just derailing.
Exactly!
Oh, absolutely.
It is not something that should be approached indelicately, no matter how good it may feel to do so.
Could just end up with two hurt or scarred people - no matter whether you think one deserves it or not.
Obvious solution is to tell him he has a small penis.... yaok.gif, and the relationship is broken.
Reddit relationship advice in a nutshell.
Getting rid of a serial abusive asshole husband is the BEST solution in a situation where the other person will not be "50/50"
[deleted]
Sometimes the only way people learn is to be aggressive...
Why go down the road of turning it into an esclating hate fest.
If its a major issue then just leave.
Are you serious?
Her husband made one (shitty, callous, rude) comment across a number of years and there's nothing more OP can do here?
Yes, he acted like a jerk, and he doesn't appear to understand how much damage that one interaction had.
I'm going to take a real leap of faith here and guess that there are still things in their marriage that they can improve upon.
/u/whizzedcheese admits to being male.
Apparently in whizzedcheese's world, men can do no wrong, and if they DO, they should be unilaterally excused and mollycoddled.
I honestly give that maybe a 10% chance.
More then likely he will double down and just after her worse.
And if he is not insecure about his dick its going to be a one sided tear down.
When you repeatedly treat someone negatively with words... which it seems he has done.
&gt; To make matters worse, I talked to him about t and he was so cold and uncaring.
She's already tried "sitting him down and let him know this isn't something you can just gloss over and that your feelings are seriously hurt."
He was cold and callous.
&gt;I honestly give that maybe a 10% chance.
And you are....?
&gt;More then likely he will double down and just after her worse.
You don't know how he will react.
Sometimes, experience is the best teacher.
Yeah that won't lead to an immediate fight/divorce right?
[deleted]
Yeah well, that how most people react when they're being called out and they know they're in the wrong.
Takes some time to work through the emotions.
Reread what she said and get your head out of your ass.
She did talk to him.
It's likely you're a doormat.
See how we can make random accusations that only make us look dumber, Meredith?
Or, he is just a selfish asshole who is becoming bored with married life and decides to push that blame off on OP instead of maybe putting in some effort himself.
Him putting your vulva on trial and saying he wished they looked like his first girlfriends is not only insulting, it's fucking absurd!
No man in his right mind would ever think to say that unless he was trying to burn a bridge.
In my opinion, he said that on purpose to hurt you and maybe try and direct you into getting a vaginoplasty or something else superficial to make you more attractive to him.
If the looks of your vulva are all that matter to him at this point in the relationship, he needs to re-evaluate how important this marriage is to him.
I know how guys with the micro egos react.
They almost always attack the person if they perceive them as weaker.
Which is clearly whats been going on.
Its almost always better to walk away in these situations if you can't calmly talk it out.
Yep.
I am serious.
Because if a person is going to repeatedly say something that you've told them hurts you *across several years* with no indicator that they intend to stop, there's nothing more you can do.
Doesn't matter what else they improve upon, *this* issue is not going to get fixed until OP's husband decides to fix it.
She already talked to him about how it makes her feel.
He doesn't care.
I'm not in favor of making fun of his genitalia either.
I'm in favor of OP *realistically* assessing what she can do to fix things.
She's sat down and talked with him, and it hasn't worked, which means her options are extremely limited.
as a guy, we've seen lots of different ladies and their bodies, sadly not every guy can be respectful of the fact that people are different.
Please know that you are beautiful, just because you are not a perfect copy of someone else is not a reason to believe you are not beautiful.
How long is someone supposed to wait around until their partner works through those emotions, though?
I'm not in favor of a "one strike you're out" system, because humans are fallible and have emotions and make mistakes, but generally-speaking, a decent person might react coldly at first but within a few days apologize and acknowledge the fact they were called out.
[removed]
At least you didn't make a fool of yourself by making up your own set of facts and then proceed to refute them thereby making it appear you know more than you actually do.
Exactly.
It’s dangerous to even try- I say this from firsthand experience.
[removed]
He is verbally abusive.
Okay, lets play this nonsense out.
Who are you?
What expertise do you have here?
Or does everything you just said apply to you as well?
Hmm..
&gt; few years ago when my husband made an offhand comment

You're reading an awful lot into her OP that wasn't there.
It was not necessary, argued with a  strawman, and only served to make the post all about you.
[deleted]
So what your saying is unless he's happy with her genitals they should break up?
or maybe he should just keep his opinion to himself?
Mollycoddled...
Learned a new word today.
You might not but the rest of society does.
as someone who is about 1/2 way between those two points, i can agree that the process of learning this is rough.
Yeah I don't even know why so many dudes are bringing up how dicks are viewed in this thread.
Wtf.
Okay but we know that but this thread is about vulvas.
Oh definitely.
It usually comes down to how things are said, rather than what is said.
And the person I replied to does seem to suggest saying it confrontationally as part of a vengeance.
Personal I think someone who can say something like he said to someone, isn't mature enough to be in a relationship.
even in a sub meant for women, we have to put men's feelings first 🤷‍♀️.
Either of those works, or he could get over it.
Telling someone that you don't like something about them that they can't change short of cosmetic surgery is one of the most emotionally hurtful things a person can do.
This is what I was getting at.
I agree its fucked up, but I also understand some people are shitty at dealing with other peoples pain especially if they may have caused it.
In SOME instances it can be benefecial to drive that shit home and make then understand how big of a deal it truly is.
I would agree with you, though i have seen my partner interpret something i have said in a similar manner (about a very different subject) when no harm was even considered, let alone intended.
Some people assume hostility before it is warranted.
Not saying that is what OP has done, but when we only have one side of the story, find it’s always best to assume incompetence until malice can be proven.
Even if you have a preference, and feel the need to express it, you can do it with some tact.
Wow.
He seems to be really juvenile about it too.
My wife does not have every single feature I may find attractive but I know the importance of appreciating what I have vs every little thing I may want.
Dude needs to grow up.
but how can they sound smart if they don't say it!?
Extra points for "thus" lmao.
&gt;The question is thus begged

Lolwut?
What does "begging the question" even mean right xD.
society also thinks, fat women are ulgy.
Short men are undateable.
Un-cut dicks are gross.
Flat chest girls are unattractive.
Just because society thinks it doesn't mean it's law.
Just saying my opinion, I see it as a slang term not a derogatory one.
It's like calling my dick a sausage, or hot dog.
If you treat every relationship like that none will last.
Everyone has occasions where they are unapologetic hurtful assholes.
Getting revenge on your partner isn't healthy for the relationship = men can do no wrong apparently.
I agree completely.
Sometimes we say things in the moment that we don't mean and it can be taken the wrong way.
It might be difficult, but talk to him about the comment and how it made you feel about your body and how it shattered your confidence.
Don't keep comparing your genitals to others, the internet is full of stuff that'll make you feel bad about yourself.
I always thought mine looked weird but realized they're all unique in their own way when taking a Sociology of Sexuality class in college and having to do a project about porn and masterbation.
On that note, there is the website OMG yes that has instructional videos on how to love your little lotus flower and all its Glory.
Take the time for you to get comfortable with it before you let him try to get comfortable with it again and don't forget to talk through your feeling surrounding the comment so he knows how much it rocked you.
Yes, but people are rarely *consistently* unapologetic hurtful assholes about the same topic in incidents years apart.
Yea but I would feel better about it so I say go for it.
Yes but we're on the topic of how society views it and it's nothing like calling your dong a hotdog.
Roast beef is a derogatory term that's been used for awhile now.
But muh penis!
If you've done everything you can to fix a relationship, and the other person is unwilling to do anything, then the relationship is broken.
You don't hang around and just be miserable.
Being in a relationship is about making each other happy.
If one person is unwilling to try and make their partner happy, then they don't love you.
Dunno about you but I’m in my early 20’s, absolutely would not tolerate that shit.
You do understand you're defending someone who didn't just be shitty as a one-off right?
That's why you said something like "*How would you feel* if I said your dick was smaller than my first boyfriend's and I wish that it was more like his?
Would that make you feel great about yourself?
Because that's how I feel right now."
What I don’t get, is why say anything?
It’s not something people have any type of control over, it just exists - so why say a word?
His coldness and the fact that he said anything makes me think he’s got one foot out the door.
Anyway, that may be a great thing for the OP.
No, OP's husband being a dick is why their relationship failed.
Her comments aren't going to change that.
Yeah but he is outright mocking her the way her gentials look.
The man in my opinion is shallow as fuck.
Comparing her to his ex is even worse - it just shows a huge lack of empathy and awareness of how hurtful that could be, especially when it's nothing wrong or changeable with the complaint he has.
Seriously.
Gospel.
I swear, every negative post on here has a top comment that tells OP that their relationship is doomed and there is nothing they can do about it but leave.
Christ, knowing one thing about their relationship doesn't give you the knowledge of whether it's worth it or not to try growing.
Begging the question is a logical fallacy, which is related but not the same thing as “begs the question” which means “to cause someone to ask a specified question as a reaction or a response”.
The way they’ve said it here is... unorthodox, but the original expression is weird to begin with.
Well, I actually haven't admitted to being a male, you just assumed that, which you assumed correctly.
I also state in an earlier post on this very thread "the husband is obviously wrong."
That’s not what begging the question is.
Most guys would definitely be hurt by that.
This idea is moronic and you should really not give out advice.
Please do some growing and learning before you decide to contribute again.
Fair play yourself right into a divorce after you take turns shitting on each other for a few years.
I cant possibly imagine being in a relationship where "getting back" at my SO was a conflict resolution technique to me.
Body shaming is disgusting behavior.
Copying someone who acts like shit is a step toward becoming someone who doesn’t like themselves.
Hopefully OP values herself and her dignity over winning at no-win games.
Well said 👏🏻.
You seem to be working in some personal shit into this problem, because that's not what's happened and you're fighting all across this thread like it is.
It's one thing in a relationship, that hasn't been addressed thoroughly.
There's plenty more she can do.
She's only spoken to him once, and people don't always get the gravity of a situation hearing something once.
Focus on the problem at hand, and if you have some other stuff to work through, please don't include it when helping someone else.
[removed]
I don’t think it’s OP’s job to fix his personality flaw.
Normal mature adults don’t shame their partner’s genitals.
Healthy spouses don’t intentionally say things with the express purpose of humiliating and harming their spouses.
Taking responsibility for an abuser’s behavior is how you end up a victim trapped in a fucked-up relationship.
I am a guy and there is no excuse for that behavior.
One thing to make a bad comment or joke, we all have and hurt someone.
Another entirely to double down on it and make the person self conscious and wonder if their is something wrong with them.
I love it.
Maybe instead of saying this directly though, OP could say to her husband, "How would it make you feel if I insulted your dick?
Pretty bad, huh?
That's how I feel."
It's pretty shitty to insult someone for a characteristic they cannot change.
I completely agree with you.
There are some things that when spoken out loud, you don’t ever come back from.
This is one of them.
My father always told me to be careful of what I said because words are like a vase, once you break it you can try and glue it back together but you will still see the lines.
This girl will never in her lifetime forget, every time she has sex with him, that he made fun of her vagina.
There’s a good chance here that their sex life is ruined forever.
I’m shocked at all the people being like “oh give him a chance!” Like no.
The guy is a grown ass man and he knew full well what he was doing when he made those comments.
OP herself admits he’s emotionally abusive in other ways.
There are millions of other men out there, dump the loser and keep it moving.
It's my old foe, Pedant Man!
Well, I, Descriptivist Man, am here to fight you!
Yes, in the strict formal sense, used when describing a logical fallacy, that is not the defined use of begging the question; however, language follows usage and it's perfectly common and normal for terms that have technical definitions to become altered as they are adopted into common parlance.
Given that the most common usage of begging the question, outside of it's technical usage, is simply to indicate that a question has been raised, it's perfectly acceptable to use it in this way for casual conversations.
A mature person sees the error of their ways and apologizes.
I think we've established that OP's husband is not a mature person.
What's more likely...
The intent to hurt in what we know is an otherwise healthy relationship or saying something dumb and not knowing the consequences?
Hanlon's razor.
Ah yes the old zombie apocalypse argument for developing language.
If everyone is stupid together, then ignorance can become the standard and we can make the smart people wrong.
In the same way that in zombie apocalypse movies there are people who fight back against the degradation of humanity by killing the constantly rising number of undead out of a desire to live, you're going to have people take pride in trying to maintain competency of their language despite the guaranteed long-term futility of the struggle.
He's mentioned it a few times now, enough to see its having a noticible affect on her mental state and he keeps doing it and doubling down using more direct language, that means it's being done with intent.
He either wants out of the relationship but is too much of a weak bastard to talk about it or is using it as a manipulation/abusive tactic to strip her self confidence.
Either way he's slimy trash and needs to be taken out with the garbage.
Are you seriously extrapolating the idea this relationship has NOTHING salvagable based on this one post?
Jumping to relationship ending conclusions like this is such an unhealthy form of advice in threads like this.
She...
Hasn't done everything she can.
You have no idea how much she's done or hasn't done yet.
The fact she's asking for advice and support means she's wanting to put in work, lolol, my goodness.
&gt;So what your saying is unless he's ~~happy with her genitals~~ they should break up?
I see the problem here...


&gt;So what your saying is unless he's *mature or man enough to stop intentionally hurting his wife's self confidence* they should break up.
Or maybe he should just keep his opinion to himself?
FTFY.
Your logic is sound but your premise flawed, she mentions in her first edit that her husband is emotionally abusive in other ways.
Honey, every word you type screams "I'm a Man AND I'M GONNA TELL THESE WOMENFOLKS HOW TO THINK!!!!!!!!"
You act like talking about a sensitive topic is literally solved each time a discussion happens.
The more random posters online recognize that discussion is often challenging and may take multiple approaches and tactics, the better we'll all get a conflict resolution.
Resorting to name calling like you did here is indicative of some temper problems, so I'd imagine conflict resolution is maybe a bit foreign to ya.
Relationships are not cars.
I hate these kinds of metaphors.
Because something makes sense in one example does not mean it translates into human behavior.
I can’t tell my fiancé that the reason I slept with another woman was because “I wanted a second opinion from another mechanic”.
Alright.
Hope you have a nice day.
Hah yeah true that, so easy to get wrapped up in the general feel of truthiness that a point of view conveys.
[deleted]
&gt;Just because one bad thing happens chronically and wears on your self-esteem and security with your spouse.
[deleted]
&gt; If they are early 20s then it may just be immaturity and could get better in time

Imagine life in the meantime.
Being painfully aware your husband says things like this but 'oh, it's just he's not mature'.
It'd be like greeting others your toddler who says 'things' and being like 'haha, kids!'
The same wavelength thing is very true, though.
I have a feeling this guy doesn't actually want to improve and the whole post is because OP is now been made aware of that fact.
I mean, yeah, agreed.
But stupid comments aren't a deal breaker.
My husband makes dumb, sometimes hurtful comments every once in awhile, but he also listens when I tell him what he just said is hurtful, and tries to be better.
Some dudes are just not the best at thinking before they say something.
[deleted]
Definitely.
But again, one comment or two comments years apart is not reason to throw the towel in.
My point is, we don't know any other aspect of their relationship, so we should we judge so harshly?
I always wrote off the whole “vaginal rejuvenation” surgery as overblown media nonsense that is surely only done by women who have already had every other type of plastic surgery &amp; have found one last thing to obsess over.
Apparently they’ve just been dating guys like this.
:(

It seems like such a ridiculous thing to care about.
I understand the aesthetic appeal of pubic hair, but whether your vulva is an innie or an outie?
Really???
I can’t fathom any of my partners caring one way or the other, as long as the sex felt good.
Are you slow?
She literally called me a 16 year old, lmao.
Stop white knighting and learn to read.
Secondly, if you're referring to me telling OP to dick shame, there's a tactfully way to say what I meant and it was not meant to be taken word for word.
Example: "how would you like if I said my ex had a better dick?
That's how you make me feel."
But you know, I have temper problems and you're too stupid to see things in more than a literal sense, so I guess we will get nowhere, right?
Jackass.
Edit: not sure if literal is the right word.
Wanted to reflect following things verbatim, not so much literally.
Oh well.
I skimmed it, my bad.
True, but sounds like OP could use that second opinion!
Not meant to be taken verbatim, but you know, internet.
[deleted]
Willing to bet money he'll just say "Why are you being so sensitive".
The question you listed comes too close to 'talking about feelings' so unless he pulls the worlds greatest 180 it's not going to be productive.
People are pointing out that "why not make fun of his dick" and I think there lies the answer (not by using it, though).
Men are constantly pummeled into being self-conscious about there genitals and if a guy met a girl that made fun of his stuff he probably has the brains enough to bail but would feel like absolute shit no matter what.
Basically, this guy is unwittingly exposing his wife to a feeling he *should already know sucks*.
Like, be the one who knows between them two in the relationship that you just don't go there.
Why is he missing out on that.
Hey im not attacking anyone, im definitely lucky.
My parents got divorced when i was maybe 10 but remain good friends to this day.
I had good examples for sure.
That's totally fine that you have that opinion, but you don't speak for everyone, and your logic may not work in every situation.
Disparaging something he knows she can’t change &amp; comparing her to his ex is cruel.
It’s not an accidental dumb comment IMO.
I’m trying to imagine letting my partner go down on me knowing he wishes my vulva looked different.
Ummmm nope!
Lack of sexual intimacy would be a dealbreaker for me.
[deleted]
Honestly, as a dude who's said a lot of stupid stuff without thinking, it kind of sounds like her husband just didn't think about it.
I think speculating underlying motives isn't really productive here and insinuating what his intentions were with regards to how he values their marriage is probably going far beyond what he really meant and is somewhat dangerous commentary.
If he meant what he meant, I'm sure he would've mentioned it multiple times to get it changed.
If he didn't value this marriage either, I think he would be a shitty husband in general, not just one offhand comment.
I think one offhand comment doesn't make the rest of the relationship a failure.
That's pretty dangerous thinking that isn't fair to the husband or the wife and their relationship.
Then what's the point of defending yourself so hard?
Yeah, you clearly ain't trying to do good with the shit you slinging.
It's a good thing you throw such obvious immature shade, just makes it easier to ignore.
It's obviously a shitty thing; and if talking about it doesn't help, it's definitely a reason to end the relationship.
Either way, that doesn't change the validity of my original statement.
You would have considered telling your WIFE you wish her vagina looked more like your FIRST GIRLFRIENDS VAGINA?
Sorry, but I'm a dude too and that's ludicrous defending that guy.
You'd have to be the stupidest fucking man alive or just blackout drunk to say something that moronical.
Huh?
That’s not what I’m saying at all.
The dudes clearly in the wrong but insinuating he has issues with the marriage as a whole is irresponsible at best.
He clearly was moronic in what he said but no one’s defending him here.
He was wrong both in what he said and how he responded to his concerns.
You’re taking it too far IMO when you say he has issues with his marriage.
That’s speculative and assumptive based off of one instance that we know of.
No, it's more of a "This is how language works, how it has always worked, and how it shall always work" argument.
You can insist on trying to sweep the tide with a broom if you like, but it's entirely futile.
You're also confusing intelligence with formalism which isn't the same thing at all.
There nothing apocalyptic about this sort of linguistic evolution; it is simply how language evolves over time.
The notion that you can freeze language in place is patently ahistorical, otherwise reading Beowulf in the original prose wouldn't be such a chore.
I also want to be perfectly clear that I don't think that there is anything wrong with insisting on formalism in a *formal context*.
If the phrase is being used to describe a logical fallacy then it's perfectly appropriate to stick to the formal definition.
However, insisting that the formal definition be adhered to in an informal context is pedantic and, frankly, silly.
You aren't increasing clarity by doing so.
You're just shaming people needlessly.
Compelling poor u/atrueamateur to replace it with "The question is thus raised" only serves to replace a perfectly conversational statement with one that makes it sound like they're declaiming to the Forum in a toga.
If it helps, think of it this way: just as words can have multiple meanings for the same set of letters, depending on the context of their usage, so can phrases.
There is nothing  bizzare or out of place in doing so, and it doesn't represent any necessary reflection of the intellect of the person who is deploying it in a different context.
Taking someone to task for using an informal variant of a phrase in an informal context doesn't make you smarter; it just signals that you *think* that you're being smarter.
As one final point, you're insistence on using that particular phrase only in the context of a logical fallacy is a bit ironic since the term "begging the question" entered the English language as a *mistranslation* of petitio principii.
It really should be something along the lines of "assuming the initial point" rather than begging the question, which makes a hell of a lot more sense than saying that a question is being "begged" when a circular argument is being made.
What would it even mean to beg a question if we wanted to look at it objectively?
As such, the very term "begging the question", as a description of a logical fallacy, is one of those "zombie" phrases that you apparently believe that you should be opposing.
Now who's tripping over semantics?
You basically just said what I said, idiocy drives language formally; you just don't like me using those words.
People who modify language out of ignorance are by the very definition of the word degenerates.
It is natural for other people who are not ignorant of the existing language to not aspire to or support a position that gives the appearance of lower personal quality.
This doesn't negate the formality of how language evolves, but it speaks to the quality of those that change it and why others strive not to.
No, I did not say that and I shall thank you to not put words in my mouth.
For someone who seems concerned about logical fallacies, you really ought to avoid straw men.
What I said that your *particular* example is ironic because you're defending a usage that was, itself, a mistranslation and an example of how phrases changes and evolve.
As for semantics, precisely which "semantics" am I tripping over?
Please be specific.
For someone who demands linguistic precision, that's a rather vague statement.
I would also note that your notion that alterations is usage cause words and phrases to "degenerate" is rather funny because it implies that every single language on the planet is composed of nothing but degenerate words and phrases, which is a rather bold position.
By your standards, the only non-degenerated language is the lost Ur-language that our remote ancestors grunted to one another in caves.
I have a higher opinion of language than that and I would consider English to be a wonderful example of how the evolution of language produces amazing things.
Where you see an apocalypse, I see something that is beautiful and organic.
Striving to freeze language in place doesn't make one noble.
To the contrary, it makes one quixotic in the worst sense of the word.
Not only are you striving against the very tides of history, but your efforts actively strive to resist the very sort of evolution that gave us the works of Shakespeare.
Surely you know how many words and phrases he introduced into the language.
I have no doubt that there were some linguistic pedants back in his day aghast at the notion that this ignorant playwright was abusing and degrading the language in such a flagrant and disgraceful manner, but we're better off for the fact that he didn't pay them any heed.
The fact that language evolves is a reflection of the flexibility and creativity of human beings and not some manifestation of knuckle-dragging stupidity.
Your attempt to say that this one tiny slice of linguistic history that we inhabit is where all linguistic change should grind to a sudden halt is a curious one that implies that only now have we arrived at the Exalted Moment when language has become perfected.
Like I said before, it's a silly position that you can insist on adhering to but, for which, you are neither supported by history nor logic.
You're welcome to hold whatever view you like on the matter but when you try to shame others into following a position that you're basically making up to justify your discomfort at change, I'm going to speak up so that everyone knows that you are only a self-appointed Defender of the Language and that there's no reason that they ought to adhere to your attempts to correct them since you don't really have anything other than your own indignation to justify the supposed correctness of your position and that you are definitely not speaking from a position of authority on the subject.
Haha it should bother you that I could literally cut and paste my last response again to this one.
You figuratively just ran a marathon to get back to the starting point.
Anyway, I can tell your second journey through that corn maze is getting you to a point where you're flirting with an ad hominem.
I've never had a person so heated about a topic we fundamentally agree on but just view differently.
Because you're mistaken about our agreement on the subject.
But i do appreciate you making it clear that talking to you is a waste of time.
At least I hope that I've helped anyone else who has been reading this understand that your position is irrational.

Summary: 
This is what I was getting at.
That's how you make me feel."
I completely agree with you.
I dont think that is the case.
I skimmed it, my bad.
This is one of them.
I don't think it's up to her to fix an abuser.
I would agree if this were r/relationships.
Because that's how I feel right now."
Would that make you feel great about yourself?
I had good examples for sure.
Like, be the one who knows between them two in the relationship that you just don't go there.
I am a guy and there is no excuse for that behavior.
What I don’t get, is why say anything?
It's likely you're a doormat.
Being in a relationship is about making each other happy.
She already talked to him about how it makes her feel.
Yea but I would feel better about it so I say go for it.
Example: "how would you like if I said my ex had a better dick?
That's not what begging the question is.....
You don't know how he will react.
One thing to make a bad comment or joke, we all have and hurt someone.
OP is being abused by her husband and here you are making it all about men on the internet.
She did talk to him.
I hate these kinds of metaphors.
He ruined sex for the both of you, I mean how dumb can one be?
I got married at 20, did and said some stupid things.
but how can they sound smart if they don't say it!?
I think one offhand comment doesn't make the rest of the relationship a failure.
I think we've established that OP's husband is not a mature person.
Well, I, Descriptivist Man, am here to fight you!
I know how guys with the micro egos react.
That’s not what I’m saying at all.
Either of those works, or he could get over it.
:(

It seems like such a ridiculous thing to care about.
No, OP's husband being a dick is why their relationship failed.
She already made her point that it makes her feel ashamed.
Personal I think someone who can say something like he said to someone, isn't mature enough to be in a relationship.
How would he feel if you made fun of his dick?
IDK about you but I love roast beef.
Takes some time to work through the emotions.
If he does, well, he’s a dick, and OP has a decision to make.
Some dudes are just not the best at thinking before they say something.
Anyway, that may be a great thing for the OP.
Just saying my opinion, I see it as a slang term not a derogatory one.
It's one thing in a relationship, that hasn't been addressed thoroughly.
And how can he compare with one other vagina?
Most guys would definitely be hurt by that.
The "what about the men" thing in this post is just disrespectful to OP.
I honestly give that maybe a 10% chance.
That’s not what begging the question is.
More then likely he will double down and just after her worse.
&gt;More then likely he will double down and just after her worse.
If you treat every relationship like that none will last.
If one person is unwilling to try and make their partner happy, then they don't love you.
People are pointing out that "why not make fun of his dick" and I think there lies the answer (not by using it, though).
I wonder how old they are, OP mentions "a few years" but who knows how long she means.
It’s dangerous to even try- I say this from firsthand experience.
You're just shaming people needlessly.
OP needs to sit down with their husband and explain how the comments made her feel.
Sometimes we say things in the moment that we don't mean and it can be taken the wrong way.
Striving to freeze language in place doesn't make one noble.
But no one argued against that so the point is just derailing.
That's a very bad attitude.
People need to stop making excuses for verbal abuse.
True, but sounds like OP could use that second opinion!
Don't dish it out if you can't take it, right?
Her husband is going to have to fix it himself, and he doesn't seem to want to.
He was wrong both in what he said and how he responded to his concerns.
