Original Response: 
Canada Post needs to die.
Job is a joke and for the rate of pay, incredibly high.
If you want to place blame then look at the unions.
Canada Post provide pretty decent service.
Incredibly high.. you are going to top out at 60k and it takes almost 10 years to get there.
But should they make more?
At its base, being a mail carrier is unskilled labour.
Should unskilled labour expect to make lots and lots of money?
I think they should make a living wage but not too much more.
I don’t consider 60k lots and lots of money.
It’s also comparable to other similar jobs.
Puralator and ups drivers make more for example.
Edit: actually you top out at 57 but other things will bring you up to 60.
When you factor in benefits and pensions I would bet that UPS and Purolator drivers make less.
As well both of those are private companies.
While I do care that their employees make a living wage, I don't care what they pay because it is not funded in part by tax revenue (although as of recent this hasn't been an issue as Canada Post remains in a surplus).
The average wage in Canada is 51K (not including benefits).
I just do not think that unskilled labour should be make substantially more than the average wage plus gold plated benefits such as defined benefit pensions (not all Canada post employees have these, but CUPW ones (50K+) do).
I don’t know what ups benefits.
I do know that by 2020 they will be making almost $32 an hour.
I also know it takes much shorter time to get to that rate.
I would 100% take that extra money (almost 10k at current top rates) and just put it in index funds.
That’s way more valuable.
In saying all that, I’m not even sure how good our benefits are.
My wife says they are comparable to hers but I haven’t lived in Canada that long.
You started by saying it was unskilled so shouldn’t be paid above average.
Now, you are saying something different, but whatever.
Canada post pays wages out of profits and they have been consistently profitable for a while now.
Edit: I’ll edit to say something else.
It’s unskilled but it is hard, and a very high percentage of people quit early.
It is by far the most initially overwhelming job I’ve had.
It’s also much much harder than being a ups driver.
I’ve done parcel only delivery and it’s a piece of cake.
I agree there should be some sort of cap.. but I don’t think you would get people to do if that cap was 50k.
I’m saying this as someone who wants to transition into something else within the next 4 years.
I will clarify: Canada Post should not make more than the average wage for unskilled labour.
The Canada Post benefits package, in particular the defined benefit pension, is extremely valuable and should absolutely be factored in.
Furthermore is job security.
One of the extreme benefits of being a public employee is job security.
That is one of the major reasons the private sector makes more.
In summary, CUPW is asking for far too much.
No offence to you as you are a Canada Post employee but the work is not hard.
The work is no harder than any other marginally physical labour and should be paid commensurately.
Just repeating what you originally said in the face of contradicting arguments.. isn’t an argument.
If the work wasn’t hard, over 50% of the people doing it wouldn’t quit almost immediately.
I love the job security argument too.
You know that most people wait years before they even get guarunteed hours at Canada post?
Did your uncle or something work as a postie in the 80s and that’s the basis of your argument?
Anecdotal evidence about your wife benefits isn't really an argument.
Benefits plans are quantifiable.
The quantifiable fact is that is highly valuable and is not found in the private sector.
Canada post made about 75M before tax in 2017.
Giving a percent of revenue of .9%.
Fedex made 6.9%.
UPS made 7.4%.
As you can see, Canada Post is barely profitable.
The fact remains unchanged: Canada Post labour is unskilled, could be completely by most able bodied people, and should be paid as such.
So, then so should ups, fedex and purolator.
You can’t make an unskilled labor argument when every other similar job makes better or similar money.
It doesn’t matter how much Canada post is making.
If they are paying for themselves, why do you care?
Also, if it is quantifiable.. quantify it.
Show me how 10k more in index funds plus whatever pension and benefits ups have is worth less than the Canada post pension and benefits.
I personally would take the former but enlighten me.
Edit: I did some math.
10k added every year and compounded at 6% is almost 600k after 25 years.
UPS, Fedex, and Purolator are all private companies.
When their unions demand the moon it does not effect my taxes.
When Canada Post's union does it has great potential to.
Canada Post is a public company which until very recently consumed large amounts of tax dollars and is teetering on the verge of going back to its old consuming ways.
Furthermore, I continue to care because if Canada Post is more profitable it increases government revenue thus decreasing the tax burden.
I also disagree with from a fairness standpoint.
Using Canada Posts calculations: 


&gt;Sam is a full-time employee who retires at age 61 with 33 years of pensionable service.
Her HAE is $60,000, and the AMPE is $54,440.
Until Sam turns 65,
she will receive = $39,600 per year
After age 65, Sam will no longer be entitled to a bridge benefit, so she will receive $27,024.36 per year
until her death.
A similar UPS or Fedex employee makes about $5-10K less with their pensions depending on their plans are not defined benefit.
I'm not going to continue discussing this with you because you continuously go back and edit things into your comments based on things I say in response to you.
Good luck with your negotiations, I hope Canada Post can finally get a pension plan in these negotiations that will work mathematically in the long-term.
Sam obviously started under the higher wage scales pre 2013.
Sam is also a full time employee with 33 years of pensionable service when until recently it took 5 years or so to be even hired full time and be eligible for a pension?
That’s optimistic but let’s go with it.
It looks to me that the ups employee makes out a lot better with that extra 10k a year more when they work than the Canada post employee.
Pensions are only super valuable if you don’t know how to save.
To any rational person, you would take the higher wage if it is significantly higher.
Something having the potential to affect your taxes doesn’t mean it will, and even if it does it doesn’t mean that people should get paid way below market value.
Market value being determined by similar jobs.
That’s absolute bullshit, sorry.
Anything I edited where seconds or at most 3 minutes after I posted.
Well before you responded.
You are full of it.

Summary: 
Edit: I did some math.
I don’t know what ups benefits.
But should they make more?
Canada Post needs to die.
I think they should make a living wage but not too much more.
I love the job security argument too.
I will clarify: Canada Post should not make more than the average wage for unskilled labour.
It doesn’t matter how much Canada post is making.
Canada post made about 75M before tax in 2017.
When Canada Post's union does it has great potential to.
No offence to you as you are a Canada Post employee but the work is not hard.
As you can see, Canada Post is barely profitable.
Canada post pays wages out of profits and they have been consistently profitable for a while now.
