Original Response: 
Do people not realize that fees aren't based on the total amount you're moving?
They're based on the byte size of the transaction, which is larger per BTC when your balance comes from many small transactions.
The transaction in the OP was only that cheap to make because that balance came from one single large transaction.
Right but it's still cool to see examples of transferring huge sums instantly for pennies, potentially cross border, with no trusted third parties involved.
^
Many would pay much higher fees just to be safe though.
That's the whole point, to prove that transfers of data are just a matter of bytes.
Still the central greedy system wants to charge you based on the amount you transfer (not to mention all the legal and tax bs) when the infrastructure required is exactly the same.
At least for digital transfers.
Maybe the central system's bandwidth is so lousy that it legitimately costs much more for the extra few bytes of data when you send larger amounts of $.
;)
&gt; with no trusted third parties involved

How do you know that?
You can't say that without knowing exactly who to whom and for what that transaction was made.
It could have went from or to a centralized exchange.
Safe from what?
You can also send that much USD to a centralized exchange, but you're going to have to go through a trusted third party.
Something that you don't have to do when it's sent as BTC.
&gt; How do you know that?
You can't say that without knowing exactly who to whom and for what that transaction was made.
It could have went from or to a centralized exchange.
If the exchange was the destination, then it was still an unstoppable peer2peer exchange with no middleman.
Exchanges can be peers too, as long as you realize that by moving your coins there, you lose possession of them.
To be sure the transaction goes through.
At this point, is anyone even remotely worried that his 1sat/byte transaction won't go through in an hour?
Well of course there is always some doubt.
Human nature.
Anyway I know they’ll get it back if it doesn’t.

Summary: 
&gt; How do you know that?
It could have went from or to a centralized exchange.
To be sure the transaction goes through.
&gt; with no trusted third parties involved

How do you know that?
