Original Response: 
Well, she did have a dummy spit.
[deleted]
And that makes the “black sambo” next to a lily white Osaka depiction all fine and dandy right?
I wish I could say I was surprised to see you minimalising this.
&amp;#x200B;

Don't bother man, I'm getting some personal dms for stating this as well.
People went straight for the 'monkey" rubbish instead of refusing to see it from any other perspective.
Did Mark Knight draw Nick Kyrgios or other white male tennis celebrities in a similar manner when they had massive dummy spits on court (and never got a penalty even close to what Williams got)?
I don't know the answer, honest question.
I think you are failing to see the cartoonists depiction for what it is.
All cartoonists exaggerate their subjects.
What's lily white about Osaka?, she has either dyed her hair blond at the back or its a weave.
Serena has big lips and buttocks, and is a cartoonists wet dream.
Julia Gillard had a large nose.
Does Johnathan Thurston look like he is a bit lily white in the cartoon below?
https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcRbkFjcfQFdrc2oyBx7Ul9li65c_N8qvndU1cq8ttxyyEAFz_7lbQ


https://aintnogod.com/ipb/uploads/gallery/album_17/gallery_298_17_58378.jpg

http://pickeringpost.com/kyola/resources/articles/goughhhhhhhhhhh.jpg

https://pics.me.me/fidel-o-%C3%BAnico-e-verdadeiro-l%C3%ADder-do-mundo-livre-o-7557234.png

https://www.davidgreen.com.au/famouscaricatures1.
Like I said below, she is a cartoonists wet dream...
[deleted]
Now I could be as much of a hair splitter as others in this thread and say that 'or other white male tennis celebreties' does not necessarily imply that Kyrgios is white, but fuck it.
Half Greek, half Malaysian then.
Sue me for not knowing his heritage upfront.
Still doesn't change the fact that when male tennis stars, be they white or not, chuck a tantrum on court, it doesn't get half as much attention or attracts half as harsh a penalty as what Williams got.
Not a fan of Knight in general, but on the note about male tennis players he actually did draw a Kyrigos cartoon very recently ([here](https://twitter.com/Knightcartoons/status/1039056385462349825)).
Yes, he did and he even posted it as a Twitter reply to someone saying men don't get comics drawn about them.
Zoom in on Osaka.
She's not drawn as white.
It is a bit strange that he chose to draw blonde hair for her but I think it’s a stretch to say he was whitewashing her and he definitely hasn’t wronged her.
She has a blonde pony tail at least.
Tbf Kyrgios is NOWHERE NEAR Serena in terms of talent / fame / legendary status.
If he didn't have blowups nobody would know who the fuck he was.
&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
This is a little absurd, Knight is a bit of a fuckwit but it's literally what cartoonists do, exaggerate physical features.
Look at a lot of political cartoons,   are people loosing their shit because they didn't make Trump orange enough or too orange ?
is there the outrage at exaggeration of politicians noses or big heads (people have feelings)

This juat screams of yet another case of social media false outage, why cant people get angry at things that actually matter ?
This is like the defense of the "Hey, Hey It's Saturday" Jackson 5 sketch.
If you look at it in a vacuum, yeah.
It's not that bad.
But when you consider the history of Ministrel shows and traditional racist propaganda, it's pretty clear that blackface is a problem, as is portraying a black woman as a full-blown 'Mammy' with lips which cover half of her face, a nose that covers another third.
They aren't really comparable because Serena is actually black.
So does it mean cartoonists can't draw black people now at all?
It's standard to exaggerate physical characteristics, such as Turnbull, Gilliard's nose and Abbott's ears.
It is amazing that comparing two forms of racism is a step too far for you, but the idea that there is a difference between exaggurating features and relying on lazy racist stereotypes is too far out there for you to get your mind around.
It's almost like you are being intellectually dishonest, or something.
It's a caricature of a black person.
It's exaggerating physical features the subject has.
If we take your logic that it's racist than you can't do any caricatures of black people anymore.
She got drawn throwing a tantrum because she was.
Do you expect the cartoonist to not exaggerate her physical features of the subject like they do for everyone else?
&gt;can't do caricatures of black people anymore

That is quite literally what they are suggesting, yes.
I don't really know what the solution is honestly.
I won't deny the history these caricatures have or the purpose they've served, however I am certain that treating them with kid gloves is not a solution and also patronising and separatist.
This is spot on.
Yes, caricatures exaggerate features but when those same exaggerated features have traditionally been used in racist tropes to demean another group of people you should probably think twice about doing this.
Yeah I agree and can see the point surrounding historical context, it's just for me that argument than forbids anyone from taking the Mickey out of black people and not everyone else, which isracist in itself.
Regardless, this whole topic is very annoying for me as Serena is clearly in the wrong and a sore loser.
She was rightly punished and the way this topic has become some sexist and racist virtue signalling is frustrating for me to keep reading in garbage opinion articles.
&gt; But when you consider the history of Ministrel shows and traditional racist propaganda,

So we have to take something that happened on the other side of the world 50-100 years ago into account every time we talk do we?
Should people be considering the brutality and portrayal as subhumans that the Polish suffered at the hands of the Nazi's before mocking the actions of Polish athletes?
Do our political cartoonists need to spend time learning about Indonesia's colonial period before drawing any Indonesian Politicians?
&gt; as is portraying a black woman as a full-blown 'Mammy' with lips which cover half of her face, a nose that covers another third.
Thats how Mark Knight draws.
Look at his [Abbott](https://lh3.ggpht.com/_90-7gfbA4VM/S5YW52SxbkI/AAAAAAAAB5E/tLqlMINn7Do/490128-mark-knight-cartoon_thumb%5B2%5D.jpg?imgmax=800) Huge lips that take up a third of the face, exaggerated nose and ears.
Mark Knight treated Serena Williams like he does everyone else.
Yeah it was disrespectful but thats the point of a satirical cartoonist.
Hey man no argument here.
I'm desperately trying to not just react and actually think about it because I'm aware my knee jerk reaction is to tell everyone alleging racism to grow and shut the fuck up.
Which isn't always productive or even accurate - racism is still a thing, it's easy (at least for me) to forget because of the circles I run in.
Oh, pull the other one.
Knight is literally part of the industry which helped establish so many racist caricatures over the last century.
You want to excuse him for ignorance, when he is in the profession which should be the most aware of how people have used stereotypes and exaggerations to fan the flames of hatred?
And this is a dude who has done this shit before, numerous times.
You have to have your head pretty far up your own arse if you believe that nonsense for half a second.
&gt; It's a caricature of a black person.
That's pretty much the only honest thing you have said, and I am assuming it was a Freudian slip on your part.
But since you are fine with lazy, racist stereotyping, I guess there is no point reasoning with the unreasonable.
&gt; You want to excuse him for ignorance, when he is in the profession which should be the most aware of how people have used stereotypes and exaggerations to fan the flames of hatred?
Its not about ignorance its about the impossibility of drawing any minority in caricature without drawing parallels to old methods of oppression.
The result is that either the cartoonist must only draw members of their own race, or they must completely abandon caricature and strive for realistic art which is functionally impossible, for most artists, to do within the time limits of relevancy.
&gt; And this is a dude who has done this shit before, numerous times.
And many of his other cartoons have crossed the line into racism, not because of the art style, but because of the content.
His frequent portrayal of Africans as criminals, and criminals as Africans, as well as much of his work on Indigenous Australians is deeply racist and I have called it out as such.
To compare this harmless sketch to the actual racist drivel the man has produced is absurd, and diminishes the strength that outcry against his real racism has.
&gt; You have to have your head pretty far up your own arse if you believe that nonsense for half a second.
My kinks are nothing I am ashamed of and they in no way limit my understanding of this issue.
You legit took the first sentence of my comment, used it as a trigger to go on about racial stereotyping and then ignored the rest of my comment.
The point is that he only exaggerated physical characteristics Serena has.
To argue that in itself is racist and not allowed, then you are in effect saying no one can caricature black people with stereotypical features like he would other people, which to me is stupid.
[deleted]
[deleted]
you're a waste of human garbage.
you're wrong in every aspect of your belief system and you contribute nothing to society.
you are a terrible person.
have a bad day :)
[removed]
The difference is that hasn't been the way racism manifests in Australia.
I'd say we're more racist than america towards aboriginals but its usually through discrimination and awful attitudes towards them and disregard for their life and stereotyping  and police mistreatment among heaps of other things.
But I've never known it to be about their appearance.
Like when Nic-Nat was originally all for that white schoolboy who dressed up in blackface on a school dress up day to look like his sporting idol, it was only after Nic-Nat got told about the history in America that he came and said they shouldn't do blackface.
At least where I'm from barely anyone even knew about blackface being racist until the hey hey thing popped up when an american judge pointed it out.
This cartoon falls into that same category I think, it just happened that Mark Knight's depiction came out looking the same as racistly motivated depictions from past years in America.
The problem is the exaggerations on African Americans will always be deemed racist.
That's the way it is.
You can't have black people depicted like that, accurate or not.
If LeBron James dunks we can't say "he looked like king Kong there."
There is too much negative history there and people have a right to be upset because you never know the agenda of the person in question.
Do I think he is racist?
No but does his picture look like racist propaganda?
Yeah.
What's really annoying is when you get the same old "Will people stop pulling the race card?"
And "Everyone gets so offended these days."
Couldn't agree more.
&amp;#x200B;

So basically, if the cartoonist won't change his style to draw People of Colour (basically drawing them "straight" whilst white people retain the exagerrated features) then he cannot include People of Colour in his cartoons.
&amp;#x200B;

Then what the fuck happens?
Do we have an "inclusivity crisis" in cartoons?
&amp;#x200B;

I can see the Guardian OpEd now: *"Why are there so few black people in our newspapers' cartoons?
"*

&amp;#x200B;

Its just ridiculous.
Have you seen Serena?
Large lips are not a feature that she has.
Nor does she have an upright ponytail.
[But you know what does?
](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-uEUa-8qJ_Zw/T5L_3_NORJI/AAAAAAAAAWI/k7XSpzB8wYI/s1600/57.jpg)
Look at a photo of her on the day.
If argue she has quite big lips and she had her hair done the way it's portrayed in the cartoon.
He also has drawn his caricatures with big lips in the past (I.e tony Abbott).
Blacks aren't allowed to have big lips even though they actually do.
The irony is it's racist to actually draw a large proportion of blacks the way they actually look.
Rather we must make them look like dark skinned white people for it to be PC friendly.
Now how is that not far more racist...
You know what?
This comparison keeps being drawn and no, it's not ok to draw a black woman the same way you do a white man.

Summary: 
Do I think he is racist?
It's a caricature of a black person.
&gt; It's a caricature of a black person.
Now how is that not far more racist...
That's the way it is.
[But you know what does?
She's not drawn as white.
It's exaggerating physical features the subject has.
Large lips are not a feature that she has.
Thats how Mark Knight draws.
You can't have black people depicted like that, accurate or not.
So does it mean cartoonists can't draw black people now at all?
All cartoonists exaggerate their subjects.
Like I said below, she is a cartoonists wet dream...
I think you are failing to see the cartoonists depiction for what it is.
No but does his picture look like racist propaganda?
If we take your logic that it's racist than you can't do any caricatures of black people anymore.
Look at a photo of her on the day.
The point is that he only exaggerated physical characteristics Serena has.
