Original Response: 
Some background: my partner [26M] and I have been together for 7 years and we have yet to have sex.
The biggest contributing factors to this are A) boyfriend has a form of ptsd from abuse as a kid, B) I have almost no sex drive, and C) every time I try to feel anything pleasurable, by myself or with him, I start sobbing uncontrollably.
I'm not really in pain, and nothing specific goes through my head when it happens.
I've seen both an obgyn and a therapist about it, and the determination was that there's nothing physically wrong with me, and the only thing mentally is mild depression.
I just want to finally have sex to see what everyone says is so great about it, but once I start crying my boyfriend is done because he says he can't bring himself to hurt me, even though I've told him every time that I'm not in any kind of pain and he's not hurting me.
I'm a virgin and he's only had sex once, so he doesn't really know what he's doing either.
I've tried to hold back the crying as long as I can, but it always comes eventually.
Every time.
It's been 7 years.
Will we ever have sex?
I want to have kids some day, and I don't really want to spend thousands of dollars I don't have to do it....
What kind of crying?
Happy sobs ?
Freakout cries?
Not happy crying, like child crying, overdramatic TV sobbing crying, and I can't stop it.
It usually continues for up to half an hour afterward...
Does it happen when you masturbate as well?
When I try to at least, yes.
It never lasts long enough for me to actually get anywhere before the sobbing starts.
It's more confusing than anything else.
Okay so there's a negative association.
I wonder if there's a way to change that Association have you tried simply jacking him off but without pleasuring yourself?
I've done that, but after 7 years of all sexual encounters being focused on him, I've gotten bored with it.
I get nothing out of it, so I've all but stopped trying to just please him.
I know that makes me sound awful, but it's how it is currently...
It's not awful.
but to be clear none of the negative stuff happens when you do that?
What about pornography?
Is there any negative impact?
I haven't really watched much porn, as the visual doesn't do much for me (not much does much for me).
When I've read smut I don't get anything negative though.
Nothing negative happens when I'm just doing things for him, only when I try to get anything out of it.
assuming then mutual masturbation is a problem .
Have you tried slowly working up to arousal while you masturbate him he masturbates you but very slowly and incrementally.
Maybe if you try to emotionally remove yourself from it partially by say counting or having a slight distraction.
I can try that next time, Thank you!
I am not u/0perose and he seemed like he had a better idea about this stuff than me so maybe try his suggestion first.
This should probably be its own comment but I think the conclusion that there's a negative association going on is correct.
Maybe try to find your limit.
Not all at once but over the course of a couple weeks or something have your BF explore your body in different ways.
I obviously don't know what you've done so far but instead of going straight for your vagina,  
simply kiss while you're both naked,  
have him run his hands over your body while you kiss,  
have him give you a completely innocent back massage (I like this because it, by necessity, would encourage you to relax),  

After all of this maybe go further:  
Have him innocently massage your abdomen and shoulders and (later) chest,  
Have him kiss and caress your breasts,  
You say you've gotten him off, have you tried giving him a blowjob?
Have you tried rubbing your vagina against his penis while you're getting him off?
My point is that you shouldn't just say "I'm gonna fuck him," you obviously can't.
Sex is a great big journey there's plenty of stuff you can do before you get penetrated.
So explore that, find your limit, the most you can do without crying, and then slowly start to get yourself comfortable with those things.
Take your time and be patient and eventually you'll be rewarded.
Honestly, I could say more.
Make sure you are constantly touching and playing with each other so there's always some sexual tension going on.
Make a day a "Sex Day" full of teasing and nudity and porn so by the night you're *really* up for it.
There's tons of stuff you can do.
Maybe look up questions about spicing up your love life, it might help.
Great advice :)
Did you have any kind of religious or sex-negative upbringing?

Summary: 
I can try that next time, Thank you!
Honestly, I could say more.
Maybe try to find your limit.
When I try to at least, yes.
I get nothing out of it, so I've all but stopped trying to just please him.
There's tons of stuff you can do.
Okay so there's a negative association.
