Original Response: 
I'm quite new to vaping and vaping makes me hungry even though I'm drinking water in between a few hits.
This is more apparent in nicotine my juice (3mg)?
I love vaping but man it makes me eat more than I normally do ahha.
Anyone experience the same thing?
Yeah, suppressing hunger is a side-effect of smoking.
Now that you are no longer smoking the suppressant is no longer there.
If you haven't smoked before it's a side-effect of the flavorings in your juice, because you taste something to eat yet you don't and thus your brain sends out the hunger signals.
Thanks for the reply!
The same thing happens when smoking cigarettes actually.
Cigarettes make me even more hungry?
I always thought it was the disgusting taste of the tobacco but since it happens when I vape I don't know...
I have a very weak sense of smell and taste and can barely differentiate the flavours in my juices.
I actually cannot tell the difference between my Adirondack Placid and Candy King Swedish Fish its that bad.
In saying that, I can still believe how that would trick my body into making me think I'm hungry even though I just ate.
I wish I could suppress my appetite by vaping :(
That’s why I’ve gained weight.
No, we gained weight because we gave in .)
Yah, but the extra pant size is totally worth not smoking anymore.
Giving up most soda, beer, and huge Sunday brunches, maybe not lol.
Now that speaks to someone who vapes and still smokes, has no food plan, and eats irregularly .)
Eat regular, eat all groups, and most importantly eat small portions often throughout the day.
Heh, for me it's that I can now smell &amp; actually taste the spices.
That makes me eat more, and since I no longer have to go outside...
Nicotine is an appetite suppressant.
When you use 3mg juice instead of 0mg, scientifically you should be less hungry.
&amp;#x200B;

Could be the flavoring, either way its all mental.
Then again there's always someone who gets paradoxical effects.
When my buddy smokes too much weed he'll end up throwing up for days like he's got the flu.
isn't the main appetite suppressant in cigarettes the nicotine?
Unless he's vaping 0mg or has just really decreased his overall nic consumption, I'm fairly surprised by his finding of hunger increases.

Summary: 
Nicotine is an appetite suppressant.
Cigarettes make me even more hungry?
Yeah, suppressing hunger is a side-effect of smoking.
I wish I could suppress my appetite by vaping :(
