Original Response: 
This is really difficult for me to post, but I just wanted to see if there's anyone out there who is on a similar boat as me.
Being a Christian with liberal views often feels like navigating two opposing personalities that cannot coexist.
When I'm with my church friends, I hide away my liberalness.
I fear I'll be judged, and treated as uworthy, when I know I'm worthy of God's love.
Oftentimes my church friends will share political opinions that are treated as unanimous, and even though I completely disagree, I stay silent.
I don't like causing friction, but at the same time it makes me feel like the odd one out.
My liberal friends know I'm a Christian and they're cool about it, but I don't feel entirely comfortable talking about my spirituality with them.
Although I was raised conservative, in college I majored in Sociology and Chicano Studies.
I've grown to believe that progressive policies are much more humane than conservative policies.
When God came down to earth to save us, we weren't worthy, yet he died on that cross for our sins.
He stepped down into our space, our dark space, and gave his life for us.
He felt for us, even though we were sinful.
I apply this to my political ideologies, it's not my place to judge homeless people, drug addicts, the LGBTQ community,  people on welfare, women who need abortions, etc.
It is my job to love thy neighbor.
I could never side with a party that cuts welfare, shames women for having abortions, separates families, incarcerates children, claims All Lives Matter, but then lets people of color live as second class citizens while allowing authorities to kill them, doesn't support healthcare for everyone even though people are dying and we have the medical resources to save them, etc.
I believe progressives really work on stepping down from their positions in life to truly love thy neighbor.
When it comes to abortion, I do believe it's wrong, but I don't see a way around this social problem that is humane for the woman and baby involved.
We simply can't force women to have babies they don't want, it's cruel and inhumane and an infringement on their human autonomy.
I don't want to argue about abortion, because there isn't a winning side.
I've gone over it a million times.
I'm not here to argue my political opinions, I've just felt so lonely and alienated from my church community and wanted to know if there's people out there who share my experience.
tl;dr I'm a liberal Christian that feels alienated from church.
Same here.
I'm a left-leaning Christian attending a Southern Baptist church.
Wow.
How is that going for you?
Not easy.
It's even more difficult that I'm bisexual and the pastor believes that homosexuality is a choice, and has preached that liberal churches don't teach from the Bible.
My family goes to this church and I told them that I want to go to a Episcopalian church, and my mom freaked out and told me it's a bad idea.
Fml.
I don't even know why I still go there.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
I pray that you find the right church for you, where you feel that you belong.
Keeping you in my prayers!
Thanks.
I’m so sorry.
Have you come out to anyone?
Are you old enough to choose your own church?
I know it can sometimes be hard for parents to let their children choose their own faith community.
I know my Dad would probably love it if I was still Catholic.
That said, you have to make your own choices in your life.
It’s definitely not easy.
Just know that God loves you and affirms you as a bisexual person.
There is no sin in that.
I’ll keep you in my prayers, and also, the Episcopal Church WELCOMES YOU!
Yeah, I came out on Facebook and no one from there has said a word about it, but at church yesterday, when he said as he preached about homosexuality and I think he looked right at me when he said bisexuality.
My family is Southern Baptist and I'm like the black sheep in the family.
I don't want to disappoint my family and make them grieve any more than they could already be, I don't know.
I'm just gonna go to the Episcopalian church and just not gonna tell them.
Thank you, btw.
I'm bi also and had an encounter with conservative Baptists in my youth.
So I empathize.
I started attending Episcopalian services this year and was baptized in May and have received communion most Sundays since.
I'm a lay reader this Sunday morning.
I'm pretty sure it's the same Bible I'll be reading out of.
In fact we use the Revised Common Lectionary with the Revised Standard Version (there is also an NRSV but that postdates the last update to the Book of Common Prayer).
Occasionally we will stray from the RCL but it is rare.
I believe we are on Proverbs 31 Psalm 1 and James 3 this Sunday.
A lot of Protestant denominations also use the RCL so it is quite possible that is the same Word of God you'll hear at your he church (possibly with some slight linguistic tweaks where the RSV differs from the KJV or NIV or whatever you use).
I will note that the Episcopal Church (while more or less progressive across the board) does vary quite a bit across congregations and dioceses.
I am in the Diocese of Tennessee and our bishop does not authorize priests to conduct same-sex marriages.
Bishop Bauerschmidt actually participated in my baptism and I don't believe he is animated by dislike of gays; rather I think it is about a concern about change happening "too fast" and trying to avoid driving off conservatives (think "Obama in 2006").
Whereas in San Francisco they had a service recently where people LARPed as trees .. some sort of environmentalism thing.
Amen.
Hey, me too!
It’s not so bad because I feel our church is a little more “progressive.” Our pastor rarely talks politics, I mean very rarely, and when he does it’s in a very subtle way and it’s normally him basically saying that we as Christians need to be more loving and compassionate.
He did a sermon on how christians treat those who are LGBT and it was pretty condemning.
On the flip side, in my city, another southern baptist pastor got up on Sunday and cut up Nike headbands and went on a rant against the NFL.
Join the Episcopal church.
We'll welcome you with lemon bars and coffee!
Also try /r/Anglicanism  /r/OpenChristian and /r/bisexual for online support.
I wish my pastor was more like that.
Being openly bi in a conservative Southern Baptist church isn't what I recommend, but oh well.
I hope you can find a more welcoming place.
I feel like our church is more of a anomaly, but I do live in a less conservative city than many southern cities &amp; towns so that helps.
You are absolutely loved and cherished and don't let anyone make you feel otherwise!
Me too.
But be careful when you call yourself *liberal* because tehre is a HUGE difference between being theologically liberal and politically liberal(progressive).
Theologically liberal usually means that you deny that Jesus is God, deny that He rose from the dead, stuff like that.
I like the term *Progressive christian*.
It means you likely support gay marriage, and welfare programs for the poor, stuff like that.
BTW I think the stuff Jesus taught would be labeled as Socialist by foxnews.
No, it wouldn’t.
Jesus told people to do them (socialistic ideals)

Socialism forces people to do them.
That’s the difference.
I like to go by progressive Christian too!
And I agree that FoxNews would probably mislabel Jesus, they're so iffy :D.
That's not how socialism works.
No socialism isn't necessarily forced.
"Socialism is when the government does stuff and the more stuff it does the socialister it is"

- Karl Marx.
When it's applied to an entire society it is.
Not in the case of democracy.
Ah.
So if you and I *vote* to steal our neighbour's stuff then it suddenly ceases to be theft?
How do you decide who's stuff it was to begin with?
Y'all are fighting because you're talking about "socialism" and he's talking about ["social democracy"](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_democracy) like the Nordic countries have.
If the stuff was obtained through voluntary means then it cannot be taken by force.
Can a homeless man plant potatoes and start a homestead on vacant unused property?
If no, does the property owner have the right to remove him through force?
&gt; on vacant unused property

&gt; does the property owner have the right to remove him

If the property is owned then yes the owner can remove him.
By use of force?
All the homesteader wanted to do is grow some food to eat and the land was vacant and unused.
Yiu may not agree but do you see how in a certain point of view this could be viewed as tyranny?
Change the setting to the middle ages and call the homeless man a peasent and call the land owner a Prince.
Do you understand the concept of property rights?
It's kinda what our western civilization is build on.
Aren't we discussing socialism?
It's an alternative approach.
You can get your friends together who all want to live in a commune.
That's fine.
I'm not going to stop you.
The problem is when you attempt to implement socialist policies onto the general populous.
Inevitably there will be people who choose not to share, and you're going to have to force them.
At the exact moment force is used you have become an immoral actor.
Is it immoral because force is used?
Why in the case of using force against a homesteader on vacant land not immoral?
The violation of the non-aggression principle is immoral.
If the man is on someone else's property without the owners consent then he can be forcibly removed.
you don't think forceful removal is a violation of non-aggression principle?(e.g.
native Americans forcefully removed by the government so the land could be given/sold to white settlers.)
War is a bit different.

Summary: 
I wish my pastor was more like that.
I like to go by progressive Christian too!
I like the term *Progressive christian*.
I don't even know why I still go there.
I'm not going to stop you.
tl;dr I'm a liberal Christian that feels alienated from church.
I'm so sorry to hear that.
When I'm with my church friends, I hide away my liberalness.
I pray that you find the right church for you, where you feel that you belong.
Is it immoral because force is used?
I hope you can find a more welcoming place.
If no, does the property owner have the right to remove him through force?
How is that going for you?
I'm a left-leaning Christian attending a Southern Baptist church.
I don't want to argue about abortion, because there isn't a winning side.
That's not how socialism works.
No socialism isn't necessarily forced.
I'm just gonna go to the Episcopalian church and just not gonna tell them.
