Original Response: 
For stars, only two-body orbits are stable.
Small objects can work in a three-body system (e.g.
the Trojan and Greek asteroids), but stars are too massive for that to work.
However, you can *nest* two-body orbits to get more stars in a system.
If you have two stars orbiting around each other, then the third star could be so far away from the system that those two stars effectively feel like one body, and you get a stable orbit.
Alternately, the third star could be so close to one of the stars that they feel like one gravitating body to the other star.
You can keep on going like that to add more and more stars to the system.
Similarly, planets will have stable orbits if they are either so close to one star that they can stick to the star and follow it around, or so far from the whole star system that it all just feels like a single big messy star that they can orbit around.
[Nu Scorpii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nu_Scorpii) is a *septuple* star system.
It consists of a 3-star system and a 4-star system orbiting around each other.
The 3-star system consists of a 2-star binary and third star.
The 4-star system consists of a 3-star system orbiting with a fourth star, and that 3-star system consists of a binary star and a third star.
So that's the sort of hierarchy you have with multiple star systems.
In terms of distance.
How far away do these stars have to be?
And for a Planet orbiting one of those stars in that septuple system.
How would the stars look like in the sky?
[removed]
https://www.e-education.psu.edu/astro801/content/l4_p4.html

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apparent_magnitude

There ya go.
Do the math as you require for the distance of your planet to the star system.
The two groups are 150 times further apart than the sun to Pluto.
So assuming the stars are about the size of the sun you’d just see a single point.
We’re talking about a baseball held 50 miles away from you in terms of size.
But it would be a very very bright dot.
It would be about as bright as the moon.
Ultimately, the planets then have to be so far way from these compound star cores that multiple 'sun stars' will still essentially look to be one mass, no?
[removed]
from u/ctothel :

&gt;The two groups are 150 times further apart than the sun to Pluto

You'd get minimal heat radiation from the far group.
As longs as you got appropriate solar energy to be a habitable system from the near group you'd be fine.
they'd need to be tightly enough grouped that the orbit treated them as one gravity well to inhabit with a stable orbital path.
I don't think they'd likely be uniform visibly though.
So you're proposing a stable orbital path between the massive inner star and the almost-not-a-star on the outside?
It  sounds almost like the planet would need to be in a trojan path (?)
With the small sun, in which case it would never know it's there by direct observation, as it will always be blocked by the central sun.
&gt; Nu Scorpii is a septuple star system.
1 of only 2 known.
The other being AR Cassiopeiae; which is a bit more complicated than Nu Scorpii with 3 main sets instead of 2; consisting of a triple system (AB) with two binaries orbiting each other in a matter of days and a third star orbiting once every half millenia; then there's two stars (C &amp; D) that orbit each other every few millenia, and orbit AB like every half a million years.
And two other stars (F &amp; G) that orbit AB ever 400,000 years or so.
Wow hot knowledge here.
I remember in undergrad doing the two body/three body problem, Lagrangian ect in astrophysics but never did we cover the nesting possibilities!
There will always be ripples, no?
Thus no habitable planets would exist in a system like that since the goldilocks-zone is so “narrow”?
If our civilization was in this system, how much faster or slower might it take to form a coherent theory of gravity/orbits?
earth/Moon is a two-body system orbiting the Sun, I imagine there's a fair bit of flexibility there..
The minimum stable orbit radius for a small circumbinary (orbits a binary pair) object is about 6x the orbit radius of the binary it orbits.
I'm not sure how it changes for large objects but I expect it is fairly similar or a little higher.
So assume that each heirarchical layer has to be 10x bigger than the one below.
That ratio is small enough to fit 4 stars inside the orbit of Mercury with a total mass the same as the Sun without destabilizing Mercury's orbit.
I thought the term Trojan ordinarily refers to a body at the L4 or L5 point of the star-star system, while it's only the L3 point which would be unable to directly observe one body due to it being blocked by the other.
By the flipping Emperor, I do not want to imagine what the calculation it would take to predict the orbits of a 7 star system!
That's actually the cool bit - only simple orbits are stable.
This is just a stack of simple orbits.
So you can take Kepler's laws and add them up a few times.
I want to see the day and night cycle on the planets there.
It would be amazing.
You wouldn't find something orbiting at L3 anyway because it's an unstable equilibrium, so objects tend to fall out of that orbit.
Also yes, trojans refers to L4 and L5 satellites.
There's an amazing sci-fi book written about this, but for an alien civilization, called The Three Body Problem, by Liu Cixin.
I cannot recommend it highly enough.
Wow, a quick google reveals some very high praise for this book.
Will check it out!
It could get quite interesting.
To be stable, your planet's orbit needs to be dominated by one star or one group of stars.
*But* the brightness of a star is extremely sensitive to its mass - if a star is twice as massive, it's a *lot* more than twice as bright.
So even if your orbit may be pretty straightforward, a massive distant star can create a lot of light and make an interesting day/night pattern.
I’m just finishing up the series now.
It’s huge, like the “time left in this book” counter in kindle never moves.
Awesome book, but not for the light reader.
It's honestly my favorite sci-fi ever.
Always glad to turn someone on to it.
[removed]

Summary: 
For stars, only two-body orbits are stable.
How far away do these stars have to be?
And for a Planet orbiting one of those stars in that septuple system.
[Nu Scorpii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nu_Scorpii) is a *septuple* star system.
However, you can *nest* two-body orbits to get more stars in a system.
&gt; Nu Scorpii is a septuple star system.
How would the stars look like in the sky?
This is just a stack of simple orbits.
It consists of a 3-star system and a 4-star system orbiting around each other.
You can keep on going like that to add more and more stars to the system.
