Original Response: 
[deleted]
I've read this exact same story weeks ago.... How is this possible?
you can predict the future.
Ants love cum.
I remember reading this as well.
Yup.
It’s essentially the same story with some details changed.
Probably read the one about the coconut but that was ages ago.
Last time it was a jizz sock and a terrace.
thought it was a repost but the other guy threw a sock out the window/balcony (iirc?)...
but basically the same thing...

this might be the start of an epidemic.
[removed]
There must be people here willing to write a fake but convincing story for karma.
A reposting epidemic.
an ant-cum epidemic... its how humans will lose our top-tier placement.
That would be a feeding frenzy.
Or maybe there's a new, cum guzzling ant species prowlin around now.
I dont know, the HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS part sounds kidna fishy, I've seen a fair amount of ant videos and even when they were feed sugar or somehitng the trail was not too large since not all ants of a colony have to go out to eat.
(the others feed them through social stomachs)
Just wait nine months for Ant-man.
Planet of the ~~apes~~ ants.
Sick.
Same, I read that post, barely any change in details.
Obviously worked for OP if they wanted easy karma.
&gt; I dont know, the HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS part sounds kidna fishy, 

Can you seriously not tell when someone is exaggerating ?
He's not trying to deceive you with that.
No one is supposed to believe that.
This sub is just

​

Came in X, left it at X, came back to find X.
&amp;#x200B;

And it gets upvoted every time.
The ants have an infinite supply of nutrition!
Will you be my new friend?
Same.
Not as much as my uncle.
Cum is mainly fructose, vitamins, and minerals including vitamin C, calcium, chlorine, citric acid, fructose, lactic acid, magnesium, nitrogen, phosphorus, potassium, sodium, vitamin B12, and zinc .
Thanks OP for feeding the ants with superfood!!!
What a guy!!!
!
X gonna give to ya.
[removed]
TIFU by sexing the sexy sex with sex.
Tldr I had sex.
&gt; Came in a coconut, left it at a coconut, came back to find a coconut.
Wait, what?
Literally the plot of the coconut story.
Back in high school we lived in a house that was prone to getting ants, and they LOVED cum.
I lost many a good cum sock to the little bastards.
Also, those ants smelled really weird when you squished them.
[removed]
Oh God.
and all these vitamins and stuff come from where?
our own personal storage from what we eat?
edit: rephrased to make more sense.
yeah I guess you are right, my bad.
You think?
Happens all the time.
Dayum i want some now.
I think that guy did it in a potted plant though lol.
https://www.britannica.com/science/semen

There you go.
Pretty much it comes from our body to nourish the sperm cells, and keep them in a top environment.
Reproduction is one of the main drives of our bodies.
that figures.
i’ll check it out later.
thanks.
Jizz.
Is that your professional opinion doc?
[removed]
I was thinking more like Million Ants from Rick and Morty.
Ants eat organic matter.
Dead animals, jizz, etc.
[removed]
So...
I have been my body a real favor when I swallowed...
Totally underrated comment!
It has fructose AND fructose?
Sweet.
Reminded me of this copypasta

https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/8s8bdm/my_semen_ant_colony/?utm_source=reddit-android.
Also a greentext where a guy came on himself and let some ants eat off his belly button.
Yeah i thought I remembered reading something exactly like this a couple months ago.
[removed]
This guy cums.
[deleted]
there are studies showing semen has antidepressant propeeties.
Twice the fructose apparently.
Sweet deal huh?
?😂😂.
Sweet sweet cum.
Well there's D-fructose and L-fructose... and that's how I hide my mistake.
😅😅.
I don't know about favor, but no harm certainly hehe.
##Not as much as my uncle.
I was waiting for the guy to tell me what’s in Cum... you know, Guys, knowing the ingredients to your sperm may be a way to talk up the swallowing ...just saying.
I mean...ima chick.
And I like to be healthy.. this list may have sold me.
My husband thanks you...
Seconded.
HOLY SHIT SO THATS WHY CUM ALWAYS SMELLS LIKE POOL WATER.
IT LEGITIMATELY HAS CHLORINE IN IT?
WHAT THE FUCK, I KNEW I WASNT CRAZY.
OKAY I AM CRAZY, BUT AT LEAST I WAS CORRECT!
🤔.
Impossible.
You mean the one with the guy who has a wife, right?
That was a different story.
But still had ants.
That's the reason brotein is such a popular workout supplement.
It was in a sock last time.
it certainly wasn't water.
So you’re saying that instead of taking a multivitamin, we can all just suck some more dick?
What was the definition of insanity again?
I feel like that might just be the sex.
#WHAT.
nope, it was sex with internal ejaculstion vs oral ejaculstion controlled against sex with cumshots lol 

swallowing cum yielded a quicker onset of the antidepressant effect, and while vagina ejaculstion still yielded one, it was less pronounced and came on less quickly.
All the vitamin a growing kid needs.
My dog goes nuts for cum.
I have to hide cum towels deep in the laundry basket so she doesn’t dig them out and parade them around.
I hate it.
But I guess she just wants dem vitamins.
I've been seeing a bunch of similar stories this week to popular ones I've already read.
Not sure if huge coincidence or purposeful reposts.
r/suddenlygay.
#DaddysCUMMIES.
[deleted]
No wonder I feel hollow after shaking it.
Oh no, is it the next coconut story?
r/unexpectedlygay.
How did you mistype "ejaculation" three times in exactly the same way?
Name checks out.
honestly since it happened three times I'm gonna blame autocorrect (third party keyboard that learns spelling from user)
Nice try dad.
Wut.
So my kids are sweeter than me, yikes.
Its not.
Hes lying.
Nah, it's just that a lot of people ejaculate into your pool.
a/s/l?
It also has vitamins AND vitamins C and B12.
[removed]
TIL.
Yea.
Semen is an ANTidepressant and why ants love it so much.
[deleted]
I felt dirty writing that.
I don’t get it..
Dirty cum sluts.
Hundreds of them just waiting to eat cum.
If those were ingredients in a face mask I’d be sold.
“Yeah, sounds great and healthy!”.
I feel like that might just be the orgasm.
Heh.
I get it!
Not just sucking, but swallowing.
[deleted]
r/suddenlypedo.
You mean the cum sock?
[deleted]
steroids are OUT, cum is IN.
Thank you for subscribing to Cum Facts!
Yeah the jizz sock...
Someone tell my girlfriend this.
I really want this to be your most upvoted comment haha.
I wish.
So Bear Grylls should've drank his cum instead, not his piss!
/r/Suddenlysexoffender.
That was a different one.
Why, oh why are we drawn to stories about cum eating ants?
And why hasn't anyone learned a lesson about cum eating ants?
Look at this rich guy with his pool.
They can already lift 1000x this own weight, this dude legit probably made ants with stronger capabilities and semi human intellect to go along with the hive mind.
Hey its me ur chef.
I hear it's great as a suppository.
Fuck waitin' for ya to get it on ya own.
r/nocontext.
Oh my.
Can you write out a full nutrition label for cum so I can get it tattooed on my penis?
I want to upvote, but your score is at 69 and I would hate to ruin that.
They take it back to the queen and regurgitate it on her.
Ants love bukkake.
Ants are the classic r/cumsluts.
That's the reason why your mom keeps asking for mine.
X gonna deliver to ya.
Butters creamy goo.
Tanks mr skeltal for the calcium

🎺🎺.
Girlfriend hungry?
She want steak dinner?
Don't give steak!
Give HER **CUM!!!!!!
**
Brawndo has what plants crave

Jizzdo has what ants crave.
&gt;My dog goes nuts for cum.
...
I guess she just wants dem vitamins.
There are people who take that further than others...
"I was born because as a little spermy I avoided being eaten alive by an ant."
Are you joking or is semen *really* basically healthy?
Don't cum in ex.
Child support.
Fun fact: The signature 'smell of chlorine' in a pool isn't actually the chlorine that you add to the pool to maintain the water.
The smell is actually from the compounds that _resulted_ from the reaction _with the chlorine_, mainly bodily fluids like pee, sweat, etc.
So that clean smell of chlorine in a pool is only there because people pee in the pool, and would smell like regular water otherwise.
http://www.soc.ucsb.edu/sexinfo/sites/default/files/files/styles/large/public/field/image/Semen%20Nutrition%20Facts.jpg.
Possible beneficial effects of consumption of semen

Also present in the semen are mood-enhancing compounds such as cortisol, estrone, oxytocin, thyrotropin-releasing hormone, prolactin, melatonin and serotonin.
For this reason, scientists have begun studying the health benefits of semen intake, both orally and vaginally.
🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️.
the GONAD diet, much better than GOMAD.
I actually have some cumin in the pantry.
This exact thing has happened with my jizz rags multiple times.
Not sure why but ants love jizz.
Can confirm, swallowed my girlfriends load this morning and felt much better after just a minute.
[removed]
Even if every man on earth were to commit to beating off for the sole benefit of the ants' nutritional supply line, it would never be enough.
Goodness me, the images my mind is conjuring up right now of queues of men standing over ant hills furiously polishing their knobs...stop it already!
😂.
r/onlywithcontext.
you mean ejaculstion?
I will make Shure my wife reads this.
[removed]
knock knock, open up the door, it's real.
[removed]
Sounds more high brow that way.
Time travel.
I should change my ways... :D But it sometimes makes my tummy sick so let's see :'D.
"70 ejaculates", lol!
Total nutrition intake after a gang bang.
Man dogs are fucking gross.
My boyfriend’s dog likes to eat tampons.
"Oh god....the ants....they have an insatiable appetite for cum!"
No, I mean ejaculstion.
Sorry to reply to this so late (I forgot I even posted this and I'm just now seeing the replies lol) but I assure you it really did happen.
I'm not surprised that similar stories have been posted here considering what I've learned about the nutritional value of semen to ants from the comments.
Hold up, wait a minute, something aint right?!
I swear this was a thing that already happened.
I call bs.
Yea this exact story was posted a few weeks back.
[this one?
](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/94xcrx/tifu_by_masturbating_into_a_sock_and_forgetting/?st=JLJBGD18&amp;sh=86ea3003)
It's definitely not the same.
Same thing happened, but in different ways.
Odd things can happen to more than one person.
[removed]

&gt;Hold up, wait a minute, something aint right?!
I swear this was a thing that already happened.
I call bs

Then I started to taste him I was like.
THANK YOU.
Ya, but no.
cocnut fucking.
It's hardly unbelievable (IMO) that multiple people accidentally left their jizzrags (be they fapkins or a cumsock) out where ants can get them; hell, I did it once myself.
The real question is: why TF u got an ant problem in ur house?
To more than one lonely creepy weirdo.
Umm you must not understand that tons of people men and women, tend to masturbate quite frequently right?
You're essentially stating that anyone who masturbates is a lonely creepy weirdo and that is definitely not the case man.
I figure you're joking, but in all seriousness, it rained about a foot over the course of 2 weeks; the flooding drove the ants inside, making the problem way worse than it would've been normally.
They're gone now, though; we all got *super* anal about cleaning up crumbs, and that coupled with the ground drying out made the ants go away.
I wasn't joking but damnn.
Ya thats not what this story is describing reddit bro.
Okay, but guys leaving a napkin with cum in it does not mean he's lonely nor creepy.
So ah yeah.
Whatever you think.

Summary: 
I remember reading this as well.
I feel like that might just be the sex.
Hundreds of them just waiting to eat cum.
I swear this was a thing that already happened.
I felt dirty writing that.
I wasn't joking but damnn.
I guess she just wants dem vitamins.
You mean the cum sock?
I actually have some cumin in the pantry.
Planet of the ~~apes~~ ants.
Ants are the classic r/cumsluts.
I feel like that might just be the orgasm.
I hear it's great as a suppository.
That was a different story.
Semen is an ANTidepressant and why ants love it so much.
yeah I guess you are right, my bad.
I will make Shure my wife reads this.
That was a different one.
I have been my body a real favor when I swallowed...
But I guess she just wants dem vitamins.
Why, oh why are we drawn to stories about cum eating ants?
Not sure why but ants love jizz.
I was thinking more like Million Ants from Rick and Morty.
It's definitely not the same.
Thank you for subscribing to Cum Facts!
I really want this to be your most upvoted comment haha.
The ants have an infinite supply of nutrition!
It was in a sock last time.
Thanks OP for feeding the ants with superfood!!!
Oh no, is it the next coconut story?
My dog goes nuts for cum.
steroids are OUT, cum is IN.
I think that guy did it in a potted plant though lol.
WHAT THE FUCK, I KNEW I WASNT CRAZY.
And why hasn't anyone learned a lesson about cum eating ants?
You mean the one with the guy who has a wife, right?
And I like to be healthy.. this list may have sold me.
Same, I read that post, barely any change in details.
