Original Response: 
[deleted]
Meanwhile 10000 children go missing each year.
A lot more than that i believe i thought i saw close to 900000 world wide.
Yea.
I bet a lot of them go missing or are kidnapped as a result of elite trafficking rings.
Way more than that, unless you mean from one specific state or something.
why the hell would this be downvoted.
Those of you downvoting this...what do you think the main reason for kidnapping is?
Because they want to throw shade on Pizzagate and ridicule those looking into it.
As my post statement/headline points out.
I knew it would happen.
Everybody turns into John Podesta and James Alefantis’ lawyers whenever Pizzagate it brought up.
**They’re treating the subject as if we are in a court room or a hearing, demanding absolutely irrefutable evidence or black and white proof of any wrongdoing, for us to even be allowed to have this conversation.
**

The problem is, this is just a discussion forum.
This isn’t a Fucking court room, and they don’t get to dictate what we discuss here.
I made NO direct accusations against anybody, and we’re allowed to discuss the strange findings and circumstantial evidence.
Keep an eye out for that kind of sentiment when reading these comments, or they will sway you in the direction they want.
[removed]
And what’s crazy is the rate of children who disappear is about three fold higher around DC Virginia and Maryland if I recall correctly.
There is no new information to discuss since 2 years, yet it gets rehashed over and over again in thousands of front page submissions.
The discussions are stale and they seem pushed in a timely manner to the front page right when negative news about Trump comes out.
It is all so transparently boosted by T_D posters and there is a huge overlap between the GA crowd who believe QAnon is real and Pizzagaters.
At this point, it is basically a hugely successful political smear campaign by people who added 2 +2 and made 22.
This is the reason people ask for tangible evidence instead of the same thing rehashed over and over and over again.
Most of them are quickly found though.
If 10,000 kids were literally dissappearing that would be 27 kids a day.
You would hear about an epidemic of missing kids.
But you don't because 99% of them are runaways who are found within 48hrs.
You're chasing ghosts.
Trump arranged to have hundreds of girls from Central America sent to New York without their parents.
And then they were raped.
Maybe John Podesta isn't the pedo, I don't think anyone has accused him of pedoing them - Trump however has raped children before.
Pizzagate is a distraction from Trump's literally being a child abuser.
Didn't he fuck his own daughter even?
&gt;US sent hundreds of separated children to New York City, but didn't tell the mayor

https://www.cnn.com/2018/06/20/politics/new-york-mayor-blasts-trump/index.html


&gt;2 Workers at Arizona Migrant Children Centers Are Charged With Sexual Abuse

https://www.nytimes.com/2018/08/03/us/sexual-abuse-arizona-migrant-children.html.
It’s becoming exactly like every other conspiracy.
First people pretend it’s bullshit then when it become so undeniable they pretend it was common knowledge all along and no big deal.
Every month more pedo scandals and sexual harassment come to light.
But you can keep pretending.
Custody battles where the parent without custody takes the child?
Any more info on that I live in the DMV and would love to read more.
None of them have been connected to pizzagate.
You mean that you would like to think you’d hear about.
Just because you don’t, doesn’t mean it isn’t happening.
If you heard the stats for how many child trafficking arrests there were year alone, you would think they were made up because ‘surely you were have heard about it’.
Hence the enormity of this whole subject, that you’re belittling with your naive comment.
Here’s a source that shows some scale from just a small example of how bad it is.
This was reported, but was not front page news and got probably less air time than Trump having 2 scoops of ice cream while others had only one.
Feel free to use any search engine to find other examples and sources that fit your tribe:


More than 2,300 suspected child sex offenders arrested in nationwide bust

http://www.foxnews.com/us/2018/06/13/more-than-2300-suspected-child-sex-offenders-arrested-in-nationwide-bust.html.
No, I mean if 27 children were disappearing (permanently) from their homes every day it would be a national scandal.
But its not happening.
These 2500 arrests are John's using hookers.
Yes some of them are 17,16,15 years old but not often are they much younger than that.
Of course this is a tragedy, but it is a mistake to associate the erroneously understood stat of missing kids with child prostitutes.
From your article

&gt;195 of those arrested were involved with producing child pornography or have sexually abused children.
The investigation also identified 383 children who had suffered abuse.
So the actual numbers of child abuse are significantly smaller than the headline figure you are touting, which is emotive and misleading.
I also note from your article the volume of arrests is nothing new, in fact most years see MORE arrests (83,000/20 years = 4,150 arrests/y) 

&gt;The Justice Department says the ICAC program, which got its start in 1998, has since resulted in more than 83,000 arrests.
Trump is not leading some sort of battle against child abuse, he's a fucking child rapist himself.
He’s a what now?
Conviently ignored the meat of my post there buddy.
For your clarification, Donald Trump is a child rapist.
He raped a 13 year old girl.
Amazing that, isn’t it.
I’ve dealt with enough share blue, CTR and shitlibs to know what to look for.
I’m exactly the same with the folks on the opposite side that blindly follow trump with know reasoning.
Aww the poor baby got his ass handed to him by someone who can actually read 😂 OK carry on my rightist lover lmao.
&gt; They’re treating the subject as if we are in a court room or a hearing, demanding absolutely irrefutable evidence or black and white proof of any wrongdoing, for us to even be allowed to have this conversation.
You're accusing people of operating a sex trafficking ring that rapes and murders children, is it really that big of a deal to ask for evidence?
Lo fucking L.
Sexual harassment is pizzagate now?
Wow.
[removed]
pizzagate was never just comet pingpong, it was about a high profile, political pedophilia.
None of those have anything to do with Pizzagate threads in this sub.
If you see the recent ones they are about James Alefantis and the Podestas.
How much and by who do you think?
[removed]
Oh, very clever!
I see you get smarter as the day goes on 😂

I suppose if I got as confused as you I'd lose my mind too.
Try and hold it together man.
Go back and read the comment, try and argue against me

https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/9cyip0/been_seeing_a_lot_of_energy_put_into_debunking/e5fnxm9

It might make you feel better however be warned, I will likely own you again.
Dude if you're going to use your downvote bots at least be patient.
I'm just typing up a message to the admins about your vote abuse right now.
What's amazing is you don't think trump is a child rapist.
Everyone gets to power by raping kids except trump right?
The fact once confronted with opposition you jump to shareblue etc instead of recognizing your demigod is a child rapist just because you  still vekieve in the false left/right paradigm is kind of sad.
I guess this would be like ‘it’s the Russians fault’ and ‘the walkaway movement can’t be true, it’s bots!’.
Couldn’t possibly be anything else.
Correct.
Yes.
[deleted]
“Pushed when negative news about trump comes out”

That’s a huge fucking stretch man.
There’s no connection between pizzagate and propping up trump.
It’s about kids being kidnapped and raped wtf.
I didn’t accuse anybody of anything.
Nice try.

Summary: 
I knew it would happen.
Pizzagate is a distraction from Trump's literally being a child abuser.
Sexual harassment is pizzagate now?
And then they were raped.
why the hell would this be downvoted.
None of them have been connected to pizzagate.
What's amazing is you don't think trump is a child rapist.
I didn’t accuse anybody of anything.
There’s no connection between pizzagate and propping up trump.
It’s about kids being kidnapped and raped wtf.
For your clarification, Donald Trump is a child rapist.
Meanwhile 10000 children go missing each year.
You would hear about an epidemic of missing kids.
You mean that you would like to think you’d hear about.
