Original Response: 
[deleted]
[removed]
wow.
This information came out during a live homicide department announcement that ended 10 minutes ago, CBC story has been updated.
&gt;A 28-year-old Burnaby, B.C., man with no previous criminal record has been charged with the first-degree murder of 13-year-old Marrisa Shen.
&gt;Ibrahim Ali was arrested Sept. 7 in Burnaby.
Police say he is a Syrian national and a permanent Canadian resident who arrived in the country 17 months ago.
https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/marrisa-shen-homicide-developments-1.4817072.
You should reread the CBC article.
"Syrian national who arrived in Canada x months ago" is a willful omission of the fact he came as a refugee.
learn to read and stop regurgitating alt-right talking points.
But he has PR status not refugee status which means very different things.
Mostly that a PR can be deported whereas a refugee would still be allowed to stay here once they get out of jail.
They must have updated it.
It still doesnt say Refugee tho.
Uh yeah, I think most people know that Canada accepted thousands of Syrian refugees in the last few years and that Syrians aren't usually accepted through regular immigration channels because of the risk but I suppose if someone is living under a rock they might not know that.
They still dont mention that he is a refugee.
[deleted]
Kristen give it a rest.
Calling him a refugee when he has PR is a willful admission of facts.
Coming as a refugee and acquiring PR doesn't mean you weren't a refugee when you came.
Fuck off with the revisionist history.
he has PR he is currently a refugee, furthermore, none of this shit actually fuckign matters.
Yes, I'm sure saying the direct evidence contrary to the narrative simply doesn't matter will hold up.
Great strategy.
He has a PR status not a refugee status.
In the end none of this matters.
You just have a agenda.
And if he hasn't been brought as a refugee he would never have PR.
Cause and effect isn't your strong suit.
Mind you it never is for people of your naivety.
As a fellow Canadian and Muslim I am ashamed of this act.
To those who are mixing this with immigration; let's not confuse merit-based immigration of skilled professionals with uncontrolled immigration of unskilled, single person migrants from war zones.
Too bad the issue is going to get worse with all the illegals Trudeau has let in.
I think more and more people are becoming aware of the distinction between merit based immigration and the shit show we have going on now.
I know I personally correct it whenever I encounter it out in the real world.
What evidence do you have that allowing in more refugees endangers Canadians?
I don't think any of us on Reddit have real evidence about anything.
Most of our so called evidences are from news websites which have repeatedly proven to be partisan.
So those evidences could not be trusted.
Real evidence would be something that you get using FOI but that is also mostly redacted and useless.
My statement is based in rational thinking and it's about illegals and not refugees.
However if I were to indulge you, my line of thought is;

1.
You are inviting people from a war torn county where half the country is under ISIS control and other half under Assad (against whom Canadians are fighting alongside allies and rebels).
Can you rely on any official documentation provided by such a country?
2.
Definitely there is no doubt that you can't get criminal records for the refugees.
3. based on what I read on articles at the time, most of CBSA screening was based on reviewing the story that applicants would give to the officer.
And officer would make a judgement of their story merits them a refugee spot.
This is not extreme vetting by any means.
4.
I am pretty sure that many ISIS member have come as refugees in Western countries.
We have seen lot of attacks in Europe.
If this was not enough, our stupid PM has resettled 2 dozen ISIS fighters back.
We don't know where they are.
So far we have seen one refugee attack in Edmonton last year, one incident ( which didn't turn in to attack) in Scarborough, Ontario and there might be more that I don't know.
Like still we don't know the story behind the Danforth mass shooter - what was the motive, who wiped his online presence?
We don't know and probably will never know because it doesn't fit the narrative.
Don't get me wrong.
I belong to same community and we have sponsored some refugee families through our mosque.
But these attacks puts law abiding citizens like us in a bad situation.
So for me if saying no to 1000s of refugees or illegals can save even one life; I am all for it.
Do you have any evidence that illegal refugees are necessarily violent or that they pose a particular danger to Canadians?
You've simply listed a tiny number of incidents that can't possibly prove your assertion.
It's purely anecdotal and of no more value than listing two crimes committed by, say, Norweigan immigrants as proof we shouldn't allow Norweigans into Canada.
&gt;So for me if saying no to 1000s of refugees or illegals can save even one life; I am all for it.
You seem to be suggesting that only groups who we can be certain won't commit even a single murder should be allowed into the country.
That's obviously illogical.
People from shitty countries do shitty things at a higher rate than people from good countries.
Therefore, if you open the flood gates, a bunch of shitty people are going to get in.
By the way, a bat and a ball cost $1.10.
If the bat costs a dollar more than the ball does, what does the ball cost?
&gt; So for me if saying no to 1000s of refugees or illegals can save even one life; I am all for it.
Us whiteys get shit on when we suggest closing the doors behind us.
What evidence do you have that immigrants of any status commit more crimes than Canadians in general?
What statistical significance do you believe this particular crime has to that question, snd why?
Count the total number of refugees from said country.
Gather crime statistics from said group over a year period.
Compare against Canadian population.
The Canadian homicide rate is 1.6 per 100,000K.
Can you guess what the stats bear out for syrian refugees for BC.
Hint... A lot worse than the general population.
Crime stats.
If you can do math and use google you can figure this out quite quickly.
Don't bother with these sorts of people, man.
I give sources, and they dismiss them.
They are ignorant and purposely thick.
They know about Germany, Italy, Sweden, Denmark.
Answer my question first.
[deleted]
Look at Crime Stats for rape in Sweden.
In Sweden, every 8 out of 10 "stranger rapes" is commited by ethnic minorities.
In Denmark, every 10 out of 12 rapes is commited by an immigrant (non-ethnically Dane).
Google it!
Which stats particularly?
&gt; As a fellow Canadian and Muslim I am ashamed of this act.
Why?
Do you see any Canadians here posting about being Canadian and Christian and being ashamed when some random white Canadian kills someone?
&gt; So for me if saying no to 1000s of refugees or illegals can save even one life; I am all for it.
Interesting, potentially kill 1000s to potentially save 1.
Provide the stats man.
[removed]
The girl that was just killed?
Holy shit.
There are 50,000 or so Syrian refugees in Canada.
You would expect from your stat that we would get .8 murders per year from that group.
They have been here around 3 years.
That means we should have had 2.4 by now.
This is the only one I have heard about.
You?
Rather than ask us to google it, why not provide a source?
Your numbers look like complete bullshit to me.
You can also go back to England.
[removed]
&gt; People from shitty countries do shitty things at a higher rate than people from good countries.
Can you define what makes countries "shitty" versus "good"?
Is the BBC credible enough for you?
https://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-45269764

From the article:

"The SVT programme revealed that in cases where the victim did not know the attacker, the proportion of foreign-born offenders was more than 80%.
A former police officer born in Afghanistan told the programme that some young Afghans who had come to Sweden in recent years had views that differed significantly from Sweden's idea of sexual equality."
To save a single Canadian citizen.
Yes.
It is not Canada’s duty to save every single person on the planet.
[deleted]
[removed]
War and dogmatic authoritarianism.
Are you five years old?
God forbid, but seems like you are willing to sacrifice your child if that saves  1000s of people that you don't know even if they existed.
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Am I?
You just grouped countries into "shitty" and "good".
I bet you unironically wine about the current generation being "soft" too.
[removed]

Summary: 
We don't know where they are.
This is the only one I have heard about.
They still dont mention that he is a refugee.
What evidence do you have that allowing in more refugees endangers Canadians?
You just grouped countries into "shitty" and "good".
He has a PR status not a refugee status.
So for me if saying no to 1000s of refugees or illegals can save even one life; I am all for it.
I give sources, and they dismiss them.
There are 50,000 or so Syrian refugees in Canada.
It still doesnt say Refugee tho.
You just have a agenda.
&gt;So for me if saying no to 1000s of refugees or illegals can save even one life; I am all for it.
To save a single Canadian citizen.
&gt; So for me if saying no to 1000s of refugees or illegals can save even one life; I am all for it.
Count the total number of refugees from said country.
What evidence do you have that immigrants of any status commit more crimes than Canadians in general?
Calling him a refugee when he has PR is a willful admission of facts.
As a fellow Canadian and Muslim I am ashamed of this act.
I don't think any of us on Reddit have real evidence about anything.
Don't bother with these sorts of people, man.
