Original Response: 
Cliche free title: Whats an opinion that you are very deeply rooted in?
Why are you so deeply rooted in it?
We missed the greatest production of the modern era because of Crosby's concussions.
He was on pace for ~130 points in two seasons in a row and he was injured in all of them.
Not to mention his 2012-2013 season where he would have recorded 70+ points in 48 games.
HE PUT UP 159 IN 99 GAMES BETWEEN 2010 and 2013.
That's a 132 point pace whether you take his first 82 games or his last 82 games out of that 99 game stretch.
We were going to see the beast seasons of this generation and they don't exist.
The next chance at 130+ is McDavid.
I'm with you on that.
If Crosby had never had concussion issue I can't even imagine where his points would be right now.
We were robbed.
Obligatory "Fuck the Penguins/Crosby".
I'll agree with you,you never want to see anyone go through that shit.
I wouldn't wish that on anybody.
He missed most of the prime years of his career.
I mean he was on pace for 136 points in 2007 at the 41 game mark and he scored 120.
On pace is hard, but I do agree that it sucks we’ll never know what could’ve been.
Oh god.
I just had a horrible realization.
Right now, when anyone mentions anything Gretzky did, there will always be one Pens fan screaming about "but Lemieux's injuries!!!".
In 25 years, when anyone mentions Ovi or McDavid, there will be that same Pens fan screeching "but Crosby's injuries!!!
".
I’ll never forget the night he came back.
I mean honestly they kind of have a point.
The if the greatest players of all time Lemieux, Crosby and Orr have all lost at least 150 games of their prime due to serious injury.
Okay I agree.
But he was also on pace 3 years in a row for 130 points between 2010 and 2013.
That's a 99 game stretch, not a 41 game stretch.
Which is longer than a season by almost 20 games.
And he was likely doing this injured at some points.
It's possible that his production would have dropped but it's just as possible his production would have increased.
Either way, if the absolute worst we were going to get from him is 120 points, we are still missing out.
But that's not the point of  the conversation most of the time.
It's a valid point if someone compares Gretzky and Lemieux.
But, for example, every time someone posts a Gretzky fact in r/hockey there is always at least one person saying that Lemieux could've done the same if not for injuries.
It's fucking annoying because A) You can't possibly know that for sure and B) Who gives a shit about  that when we are talking about Gretzky.
[deleted]

Summary: 
But that's not the point of  the conversation most of the time.
I mean honestly they kind of have a point.
I just had a horrible realization.
And he was likely doing this injured at some points.
It's a valid point if someone compares Gretzky and Lemieux.
