Original Response: 
Because the Church has never just *not* followed this before...

Great way to create a persecution complex and increase strength in the faith though.
Let it backfire, see how that works out.
[removed]
They do mention it in the article

&gt; But Catholic priest and lecturer in canon law at the Catholic Theological College Professor Ian Waters said priests would be unlikely to break the seal.
&gt; "If a policeman came to me or to another priest and said, 'Did Bill Smith come and confess this sin?
', I don't believe a priest would break the seal," he said.
.
&gt; Great way to create a persecution complex and increase strength in the faith though.
I don't know that it would necessarily though.
More strongly faithful Catholics would likely have their faith strengthened in some form, but general sentiment remains that the Church is not doing enough and is protecting those who abuse.
If it came out that people were not abiding with these laws I don't think it would lead to an overall increase in the number of Catholics here.
&gt;If it came out that people were not abiding with these laws I don't think it would lead to an overall increase in the number of Catholics here.
I don't mean it in a conversion sense, I mean in an affirmative sense.
"They're persecuting us, so we must be on to something".
It's like with what's going on with Jehova's Witnesses in Russia right now.
Best way to increase the power of a group (especially one whose theology relies on an eventual persecution) is to start persecuting them.
I think that'd likely occur to those with a strong faith already, so to speak.
Those who aren't as strongly Catholic (for lack of better way of phrasing it) may become more disenfranchised.
Just the sentiment I get talking to people about it.
I think polarizing is the word you're looking for.
Devout Catholics will really dig in and lukewarm Catholics will be turned off.
I don't know that lukewarm is the best term given the negative connotations that normally are associated with, but yeah I otherwise agree.
Haha it was better than my first phrasing, "bad Catholics".
I just mean the people who aren't 100% in line with all the RCC teachings.
The majority of Catholics in the US use contraception, so I'd call that lukewarm, but they're still in the church because they dont think it's a big deal.
Protecting men who sexually abuse children is seen as a much more serious issue, that is more likely to make people actually leave the church.
&gt; I just mean the people who aren't 100% in line with all the RCC teachings.
Yeah fair, I'm just struggling to think of a definition that better describes them without being too negative to either group.
&gt; The majority of Catholics in the US use contraception, so I'd call that lukewarm,

As far as I'm aware it's similar in Aus.
I think those that use contraception believe the Church is wrong on this matter, and so it coincides with their beliefs.
Lukewarm generally is associated with someone not sure of beliefs and hopping from place to place (or at least that's my understanding).
The whole 'God will spit them out' also leads to it not being the friendliest term to say the least.
&gt; Protecting men who sexually abuse children is seen as a much more serious issue, that is more likely to make people actually leave the church

My thoughts exactly.
You can't really be a devout believer that "Christ's One True Church" is infallible but also wrong on this one teeny issue.
Maybe "cultural Catholic" is more friendly.
I haven't spoken enough on this topic to know the reasoning exactly, but those that follow such beliefs generally claim the Church is not infallible, which would flow back into more likely to leave I guess as well.
Cultural Catholic generally means someone has Catholic background but no Christian belief at all.
They'd be Agnostic, Atheist, Deist, etc., but a Catholic who is Christian but not Catholic...
I guess that may meet the term, but again perhaps not the best descriptor, and wouldn't really be the best in this case anyway, since they truly believe they follow a Catholic faith.
Claiming the Church is not infallible is saying "I'm not a Catholic" in other words.
Yes, the best thing for the church is for laymen to see them being held in contempt to protect pedophiles...
If it's between the Seal of Confession and public image, let those who will leave over the image of the Church leave.
I don't think its the image they care about.
&gt; Yeah fair, I'm just struggling to think of a definition that better describes them without being too negative to either group.
why not be negative about people who dissent from the truth?
If they're in the church because grandpa was italian or some irishman and not because they believe it, then why are they still in it?
"Lukewarm" is a negative word because it means the same thing as "cognitive dissonance" -- if you don't actually believe it, then why act like you do?
&gt;The whole 'God will spit them out' also leads to it not being the friendliest term to say the least.
Lukewarm folks have spit god out!
He has no need to do it himself, for in their actions and acceptance of poor doctrine, they've rejected what is true for the suppositions of the modern world.
When they meet god, they will debate him like it is some internet argument trying to self-justify their lack of adherance to truth.
In even uttering a riposte to god the most high, who is the source and utter pinnacle of all truth, they reject the truth and spit out god from their selves.
In spitting out god themselves, they enact god spitting them out.
Regardless...The term is in holy writ.
God *will* spit the lukewarm out, regardless of whether you find it offensive or not.
Those who've bent to modernism in contradistinction to 2000 years of moral philosophy and the commands revealed in holy writ will be found weak and tepid, like lukewarm water, lacking the virtue of fortitude, willing to please the world over and against the will of god if only because it is easier and more pleasing to the material life.
Such folk are thusly lukewarm.
Tepid.
Neither for nor against what is right nor wrong.
God spits this out, for god is the good and operates for the good wholly and with fire, not lackadaisical tepidness.
&gt; why not be negative about people who dissent from the truth?
I think disparaging people with different beliefs isn't the best way to go about things.
Lukewarm has connotations stronger than cognitive dissonance.
And many of these people believe that they are Catholic, even with these differences.
&gt; Lukewarm folks have spit god out!
This is difference of denominations and belief again.
&gt; When they meet god, they will debate him like it is some internet argument trying to self-justify their lack of adherance to truth.
I'm pretty sure that's not what they believe, but anyway.
&gt; God will spit the lukewarm out, regardless of whether you find it offensive or not.
That's why I don't like using lukewarm when it doesn't feel like the best descriptor.
These are people who are acting in a way they believe to be true.
&gt; willing to please the world over and against the will of god if only because it is easier and more pleasing to the material life.
Again, I'm pretty sure they're not choosing world over God, at least in their beliefs.
&gt; at least in their beliefs.
your entire post sorta hinges on this point: that what their beliefs are actually matters.
Theology isn't some namby-pamby field like icecream flavors where everyone gets to choose what is and isn't good.
If something is correct, it is.
If it isn't, it isn't.
Their beliefs are wrong, and that's unfortunate, but lukewarm is sensible.
They say they love god, but do what god hates.
We know what god hates on account of holy writ and the sacred tradition.
If thier beliefs diverge from what the church teaches (in this example, on what god hates and finds meritorious), then they are anathema from the church -- so why call themselves members of it?
If one of these folk looked christ in the eye and said "I love you", and christ asked them why 4 martyred infants came to him on their account, and their reply was "because I love choice too", think you that christ would indeed say "this is the love of god", when this is the same christ who says "Let the little children come to me and *do not hinder them*, for to such belongs the kingdom of heaven".
By no means!
Such people have spit out god, and so the same god spits them out likewise in reaction to their own choice.
I use this as an example because it is cruel and debated by modernists, but all mortal sin is thus: when a killer kills, does the god who says "you shall not kill" have friendship with them?
Of course not!
Then why is it that we cannot discern with such clarity from holy writ what is told to us?
Especially on matters that god most certainly hates but society loves (such as fornication, infanticide, the denial of god's gift of fertility, etc), or those matters which god hates and society loves (greed, exploitation, unfairness, deception, murder, theft, etc)?
Why can we not read holy writ at it's worth and hear the teachings of the apostles as it comes to us with clarity, not obfuscating it under our lusts which are bent to the world, doing what the world loves and shunning what it hates?
Thus are conservatives, who hate what god loves.
And liberals who love what god hates.
We instead must be people who love god in the highest with all of ourselves and our neighbour as ourselves with the love of god through us, neither loving as the world loves nor hating with it.
So when someone says "I love god" but does what god hates, what friendship do they have other than a lie?
They say one thing but contradict it, doing another.
What is this but a lie and a breach of their friendship with god?
&gt; your entire post sorta hinges on this point: that what their beliefs are actually matters.
At least in this community there's a level of respect for different denominations and beliefs.
None of us can objectively say that we are right, you are wrong, so it's better to get along.
To say those with different beliefs are *lukewarm* or not *true Christians* or anything along those lines generally isn't going to be productive.
&gt; Why can we not read holy writ at it's worth and hear the teachings of the apostles as it comes to us with clarity

Because there's disagreement on what the words mean.
There are pro-choice, etc.
Christians who believe their beliefs are in line with what God 'loves'.
hell, I forgot what I'm even arguing about.
&gt;At least in this community

we're not talking about this community, we're talking about the catholic church, which has a solid formula for what "the rules" are.
7 may have made the rules hard to enforce, but they're still there intellectually.
So, a lukewarm person halfway follows'em, and halfway don't.
It isn't hard, and it isn't relative to /r/christianity as a community.
It's relative to the church, and it's historically a church that ends disagreements with the phrase "let them be anathema" -- that is, "if you're not into this, you're out of the church".
Well, they're not into it, so why are they in the church?
We should base laws on what protects children's lives, not on what offends someone's religious sensibilities.
Its not just between the seal and protecting their image, more importantly its between the seal and protecting innocent people's lives.
It is unclear to me that this would protect children's lives.
It seems like it would just result in the crimes not being confessed, rather than resulting in more molesters being caught.
Exactly how many lives does it neednto save before its worthwhile?
Mandatory reporters have saved countless lives in the past.
Why should priests be held to a lower standard?
We need to prioritize innocent lives over religious sensibilities.
What I'm saying is that it's possible that it would save *fewer* lives than having a seal of confessional.
I fully believe in the importance of mandated reporting.
I also believe that it's reasonable to have some situations in which you don't report.
For example, I don't believe that defense lawyers should be mandated reporters.
For priests in the confessional...I'm torn.
I can see both sides of the issue.
The thing I worry about is that instituting mandated reporting for priests in the confessional could result in fewer opportunities to actually counsel people who are doing these things, and that that counseling may currently have a positive impact on the number of people who stop.
If that is the case, it would effectively be accepting an *increase* in the amount of abuse in order to avoid the discomfort of someone knowing about it but not being able to share.
Defense Lawyers are mandatory reporters in certain circumstances.
Attorney client privilege only goes so far, especially when not reporting endangers lives.
Talking with a priest does not make people less likely to absue, especially when the priest is willing to cover up abuse that occurs.
Actual trained counselors such as psychologists are mandatory reporters.
&gt; Defense Lawyers are mandatory reporters in certain circumstances.
Interesting, does that include when their client is on trial for the particular thing in question?
Can you tell me more about this, and possibly point me to some sources?
&gt; Talking with a priest does not make people less likely to absue, especially when the priest is willing to cover up abuse that occurs.
Are you sure?
It seems like that's something that would be *extremely* hard to gather actual data on.
Just based on general people behavior it seems that having someone tell you that what you're doing is wrong, and having a conversation in which it's explicitly considered a problem, would have an effect of you being less likely to do it again.
I'm not necessarily talking about a *huge* effect, but statistically significant.
Again, though, gathering that data seems like it would be near impossible.
If there *is* actually any data on it, though, I would love to see it.
Like I say, I don't have my mind made up on this issue.
I just don't think it's a one-sided issue.
No its not.
Do you think abusers will confess to abuse if it is going to be reported when they do?
Obviously not.
So therefore it will not protect anyone.
On the other hand what happens when an abuser confesses?
They can be urged to stop abusing, and its pointless confessing if they do no (no absolution without repentance), they can be urged to seek treatment, they can be urged to move away from positions in which they deal with children.
&gt;Talking with a priest does not make people less likely to absue,  especially when the priest is willing to cover up abuse that occurs.
Of course it does.
You do not seem to understand the point of confession.
It is to encourage repentance and penance.
What this law does is that it removes an opportunity to get an abuser to seek treatment.
It will lead to more abuse.
The politicians do not care because its good PR to bash the Catholics.
Where do you draw the line though?
Would you apply this to attorney/client privilege as well next?
[removed]
I was meaning more it's generally not helpful in discussion with others to have such an opinion of beliefs.
Some communities do so though.
&gt; Well, they're not into it, so why are they in the church?
Because they feel it is the right place for them, for whatever reason, and feel they can disagree with the Church on matters.
People confess crimes to the Police all the time.
Arguing this law is pointless as people wont confess is just not correct.
People will still confess crimes to priest after mandatory reporting is introduced.
&gt; they can be urged to move away from positions in which they deal with children.
That's just not good enough and you know it.
If you abuse children you should go to jail.
Not be moved to another position within the Church.
&gt; What this law does is that it removes an opportunity to get an abuser to seek treatment.
Confession is not treatment.
&gt; It will lead to more abuse.
No it wont.
&gt; The politicians do not care because its good PR to bash the Catholics.
The Catholic church has hidden child abusers for decades.
You don't get to use the persecution card.
Yep.
The two possibilities for how abuse comes up are the victims and the perpetrators mentioning it.
The former problem can be avoided by saying something like, "I can't tell anyone what you tell me in confession, but if you tell me again afterwards, I can help".
And the latter group is probably smart enough to not tell mandated reporters, and will dwindle out.
I did not say that confession is treatment.
I said that if someone confesses to something like child abuse they will be told to seek treatment, and lack of willingness to seek treatment would be interpreted as lack of repentance and lead to refusal of absolution.
&gt;People confess crimes to the Police all the time.
Arguing this law is pointless as people wont confess is just not correct.
People will still confess crimes to priest after mandatory reporting is introduced.
That is really unlikely.
People are far more likely to confess to *any* crime in confidence than they are to the police.
&gt; That's just not good enough and you know it

I agree.
However, persuading someone to move *themselves* is a lot better that letting them carry on.
It would be better if they were treated, jailed, or both.
However, it is better than doing nothing which is what this law will lead to, because no one will know because they will not confess.
It is already applied to attorney/client privilege.
The whole point is that Catholics are the only one not held to the same moral standard and are crying persecution because they are being treated the same as everyone else.
When someone is used to unfair privilage, equal treatment is seen as persecution.
Refusal of absolution is neither a treatment nor a punishment.
[removed]
Again, missing the point.
It would pressurise someone to seek treatment.
Not only would it pressurise someone to seek treatment, if someone had enough belief to go to confession, they would feel it as a severe punishment.
Because nobody ever changes their faith or loses it?
"Pressure" isn't a viable treatment nor punishment either.
What if they don't?
What if they delude themselves into thinking they were already forgiven?
Would you really trust a child abuser with that?
In that case its no worse than if they did not confess at all.
Of course it would be better if they were caught, but someone confessing it has usually *not* been caught so its a chance to persuading them to seek treatment that would be lost by deterring them from confessing.
Surely then that logic should apply to everyone, right?
Do you support abolishing mandatory report law for every other profession?
Possibly some other professions.
Depending on whether they have a plausible way of getting people to accept treatment or punishment.
The best case I can think of are doctors, and people who can offer mental health services - i.e.
"come of your own accord before you are caught and we will keep it confidential".
And you really think child rapists should go scots free?
A person that already committed that crime needs to be far away from society.
The fact that they are not forgiven means nothing, the fact that they are "treated" means nothing.
Your logic would only apply to non offending pedophiles and non offending abusers, and neither of these are even a crime to report.
The blood of next child they harm is on the priest's hands.
Of course not, but I think it is more important to protect children.
The majority of child abusers are never caught, or a caught years later.
Anything that may stop them earlier is a good thing.
&gt; Interesting, does that include when their client is on trial for the particular thing in question?
Can you tell me more about this, and possibly point me to some sources

Lawyers are required to report any criminal activity that occurs, or they believe will occur, while they are the legal representative of their client.
https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/attorney-client-privilege.html.
There is no such thing as repentance and penetance if am abuser isnt turned in and doesn't stop abusing.
People confess to police and other mandatory reporters like doctors, social workers, and mental health professionals.
Also its not always the perpetrator who discloses during confesses, sometimes its the victim, someone imvovled in the cover up, a witness ect.
Covering up abuse doesn't get treatment for the perpetrator or relief for the victim.
Reporting does.
If you actually thought it was more important to protect children you would be for compelling priests to report these crimes to the Police so that abusers can be caught and prosecuted.
&gt; That is really unlikely.
People are far more likely to confess to any crime in confidence than they are to the police.
That's true.
But at the moment 100% of the crimes that are confessed to a priest go unpunished.
If this law were to be enacted then less people would confess to crimes, but at least crimes would start to be reported to the Police.
&gt; I agree.
However, persuading someone to move themselves is a lot better that letting them carry on.
It would be better if they were treated, jailed, or both.
However, it is better than doing nothing which is what this law will lead to, because no one will know because they will not confess.
Stop avoiding the difficult decisions.
This law will only lead to nothing is priests continue to protect child abusers.
Stop hiding behind the cloth and grow a spine.
Make the right decision for once.
Report the criminals to the Police, don't protect them.
That's all anyone is asking you to do.
It's pretty simple.
The problem is that the "less people" would be near zero, so it would do more harm thatn good.
If the victim or someone else, again, they can be encouraged to go to the police.
Again, they may not confess if they know it will be reported.
Also, I am not sure why a victom would confess - they did not commit any sin.
I doubt very much it would be near zero.
Seriously.
You think child abusers are going to queue up to turn themselves in?
I wish it was that easy to catch them.

Summary: 
I did not say that confession is treatment.
It will lead to more abuse.
&gt; It will lead to more abuse.
&gt; at least in their beliefs.
&gt; Lukewarm folks have spit god out!
Lukewarm folks have spit god out!
People confess crimes to the Police all the time.
&gt; Well, they're not into it, so why are they in the church?
I don't know that it would necessarily though.
I don't think its the image they care about.
I just don't think it's a one-sided issue.
Would you really trust a child abuser with that?
Again, they may not confess if they know it will be reported.
Christians who believe their beliefs are in line with what God 'loves'.
People are far more likely to confess to *any* crime in confidence than they are to the police.
People are far more likely to confess to any crime in confidence than they are to the police.
Do you think abusers will confess to abuse if it is going to be reported when they do?
It would pressurise someone to seek treatment.
Well, they're not into it, so why are they in the church?
&gt; why not be negative about people who dissent from the truth?
They say they love god, but do what god hates.
If you abuse children you should go to jail.
', I don't believe a priest would break the seal," he said.
Report the criminals to the Police, don't protect them.
It would be better if they were treated, jailed, or both.
People will still confess crimes to priest after mandatory reporting is introduced.
&gt; That is really unlikely.
&gt; That's just not good enough and you know it

I agree.
I can see both sides of the issue.
Just the sentiment I get talking to people about it.
And liberals who love what god hates.
If there *is* actually any data on it, though, I would love to see it.
It is unclear to me that this would protect children's lives.
I also believe that it's reasonable to have some situations in which you don't report.
I fully believe in the importance of mandated reporting.
why not be negative about people who dissent from the truth?
Thus are conservatives, who hate what god loves.
