Original Response: 
[deleted]
Just don't go to the US unless you need to.
Its that simple.
A backwards country doesn't need our support.
^please ^save ^us.
Please don’t abandon us :(
Save yourselves and vote.
Talk to every ass backwards family member you have and shame into oblivion for voting republican.
[deleted]
You forgot the /s.
..at incarcerating it's citizens.
Sorry, but it's true.
Because the best way to convince someone of an opposing viewpoint is by shaming them.
Forget facts and logic, just straight up shame them.
That's the attitude what got you here!
"Surely a grown-up will stop all this!"
Facts and logic hasn't worked, appeals to decency haven't worked.
Common sense hasn't worked.
If the only thing they care about is how things appear to be, make that the leverage point, and make it appear that supporting a monster will get you public shame and ridicule.
Or are you just pretending that this conversation isn't taking place after three years of trying every other tack?
I see bullshit from both sides.
Liberals love to say how they're based in logic and common sense, while most of the time they're spewing just as much bullshit as Republicans.
Don't act like you're completely right and factual while you're openly admitted that shaming and ridiculing the opposite side is somehow justifiable.
If you look at the current US administration and see merit, you are either supporting the onset of fascism in the US, or you're being played like a fool.
It's not a "Left vs Right" issue.
It's an issue of "Has PT Barnum pulled one over on you."
Also, I thought "facts don't care about feelings"?
So I can be all the correct I want and shame as much as I want, and neither of those two things are related.
Conflating them doesn't make it a "fact" that "shaming" is wrong/ineffective.
If it was, the Nudge Unit wouldn't use it for Taxes.
You're right, the issue isn't left vs right, it's "liberals who think trump is a fascist" vs "supporters who think trump is an almighty God who can do no wrong".
Shaming and ridiculing does nothing but make you and your side look like assholes and makes the other side more confident in their beliefs.
If you want to convince anyone of anything you do it by being open minded, fair and by actually listening to the opposing viewpoint.
[removed]
Again... How's that working out for everyone?
Trump stopped funneling money into his private businesses?
Trump stopped trying to actively impede the investigation into his campaigns (read: his own personal) relationship with foreign governments?
Trump's own people stopped pulling papers off his desk so he can't sign them, aka overstepping their authority?
Acting like just listening to the side that is driven  by nothing but propaganda and disinformation is going to affect any real change is the placating speech of someone who doesn't actually want any change.
There's a serious problem with the leadership of the most prominent country in the world.
And half the discussion is about how people are crazy for saying there's a problem.
That's fucked up, and the discussion needs to move past this disingenuous part of the argument in order to actually be productive.
In other words, if you don't think the current administration has done anything wrong, you aren't doing the very thing you're whining about not being extended your direction, and I'm going to keep driving the point home until you realize the hypocrite rests inside you, after all.
If you want an open and honest discussion, the discussion needs to take place in a world where the things Trump has done and said are treated as things that he both actually said and did, and that he meant them.
If there's still a MAGA hat wearing pawn who thinks the economy is the best it's ever been,and it's all Trump and that QAnon isn't a troll, I cannot meet your criteria for changing hearts and minds because they aren't meeting me where facts and reality live.
And that's on THEM, not me.
No.
We don't shame people for voting.
Period.
[removed]
I have said nothing that would make my political position clear, so you are making assumptions.
Trump has done some stupid shit no doubt, I can fully agree with that.
But by saying he has done Absolutely zero good, you are doing the same thing as a trump supporter who says trump has done no wrong.
My entire point rests on the fact that while you're spouting about how trump supporters are stupid and wrong, you fail to realize the hypocrisy in that you're doing the exact same thing their doing.
All I'm asking for is for people to realize their biases and act to be more fair and open minded.
If we can work together instead of hating each other, imagine what could happen.
In this case, absolutely.
I don't believe for a second people who are informed as to what that administration are doing would willingly support it.
Americans are so brainwashed by the right and media that they don't even believe in reality anymore.
A wake up call in order.
Nah, you just inserted yourself in as a replacement for the hypothetical person and called me an assumer.
I'm saying it's not hypocritical to refuse to offer the first sign of good faith in a standoff.
Especially given the actual history of the real people and government involved.
There's no branch of game theory that says giving your opponent an early concession when they have a history of bad faith dealings and revisionism is a good strategy for negotiation.
We can work together, but we have to do it in a world where the bridges we build are based on actual numbers and over a real river.
Guarantee me a conversation that isn't just reductive truisms, or outright lies and I will listen to what you have to say.
Anything else isn't you meeting me half way, and I'm not leaving the house until you've texted me from the subway, because people who speak alot like you consistently end up bailing when I arrive at the middle.
Get it?
"Be the change you want to see in the world" is a good adage.
You'll notice there's no indication being a thing involves preaching that thing.
If people want to do as you're suggesting, that's great.
The moment you tell someone else that they should, that's you passing on the responsibility to people who's jobs it ain't.
Shame doesn’t work.
Those Trumptards voted for him in private and denied supporting him in public.
I mean, that does seem to be the case with Trudeau supporters.
There are at least three different people telling others to boycott the states over weed policy.
Like, it's not even officially legal here yet either.
And there's some serious misconception about US border guards; they're generally much more polite than their Canadian colleagues.
[removed]
Yeah, politicians are sooooo trustworthy on the Democratic side.
Like when Bernie was a scam front for fencing donations to Hillary.
Both sides are going to ass blast you.
[removed]
Lol, cultureless Amerimutts btfo.
"be the change you want to see in the world" is exactly right, unfortunately it's not what you are doing.
Everytime you say things like "guarantee me a conversation that isn't reductive truisms and I will listen to what you have to say" you are contributing to the problem.
There are crazy liberals and there are crazy Republicans, but that doesn't mean you should generalize everybody based on some.
I have met some crazy liberals who would refuse to be in the same space as me just because of my views, but I also had really great conversations will liberals where we both came out with changed opinions.
Treat every person as an individual, and listen to their points instead of just dismissing them because of what others have done.
The same could be said to everybody, right AND left.
Username checks out?
[deleted]
Lol.
&gt;Facts and logic hasn't worked, appeals to decency haven't worked.
Common sense hasn't worked.
&gt;  
&gt;(Shame and ridicule *will* work though.)
I don't understand this claim.
Are you saying that Americans only used facts, logic, etc, while diligently restraining from using shame and ridicule?
Americans have used *all* of these things to oppose Trump/republicans, but I see no evidence that there's been some shortage of shame and ridicule, and less evidence that increased shame and ridicule will somehow change things.
Recall Obama's roast of Trump in 2012, shame and ridicule was the *first* thing Democrats tried.
What evidence do you have that ridicule is under-used and will likely work?
(I can dig up evidence for my claims if you'd like, such as studies which show that arguing fiercely just causes people to dig their heels in further, or graphs displaying increased polarization between American political parties.)
I never said I wanted *your* change.
Which means it's not what you're doing either.
Because you're just telling me how to be again, instead of listening to me.
I'm pointing out your hipocrisy and telling you that you're no better than the people you criticise.
If that's how you want to live your life, then go ahead.
I'm just saying that you're helping nobody and just making yourself look bad.
Look up studies on how to perpetuate and counteract propaganda.
Your claim is right if the model (traditional debate) is correct.
There's a lot of Murdoch owned reasons why the American political discourse model might have some major influence from other messaging models besides traditional debate.
But what do I know?
I'm just a guy who remembers that many of the key Republican players existed before Trump was a factor, and remember many, many years of Democratic placating between when Mitch McConnell was first elected to today.
Hypocritical statement: "We need to listen to each other more, as as such, shut up and listen to what I have to say."
Non-Hypocritical Statement: " We don't need to listen to everybody, and as such, go fuck yourself."
Do you see why my line of argumentation lands in the second type of example, and yours in the first?
Just because I disagree with you, and think you're being a hypocrit, doesn't mean I'm being internally inconsistent.
I've never taken the position you did, so I'm not obliged to exemplify it.
[removed]
There's a time and place for traditional debate.
But I guess there's also a time for ridicule, so the question of "should we use debate or ridicule" is too vague to have a simple answer.
But going back to the specific example that started this: If you're trying to convince family members to question their support of Trump, ridicule won't work.
Traditional debate won't work either.
Changing someone's mind is a difficult task, but it's not hard to think of alternatives that are better than those two options.
As for propaganda, I can't find any studies on how to counteract it.
But I don't think "propaganda" is a good term to describe western media.
We have a plurality of news sources, where people seek out the information they want to hear.
This is very different from the propaganda you see in dictatorships, where the media is monopolized to control thought.
America isn't a country where Murdoch controls thought, it's a country where Murdoch's Fox tells Republicans what they want to hear, and Ted Turner's CNN tells Democrats what they want to hear.
My Trump-loving cousin believes the government is spraying mind-control chemicals on us from airplanes.
I don't think he's going to be very receptive to my arguments :/
Fox News' "agenda setting" use goes well past all competitors.
They outright ignore stories they cannot spin favorably, and the amount of times their top story is laughably irrelevant because the real top story of the day goes against the editorial narrative is far higher than other news networks.
Sure it's not like they have a monopoly on the audience, nor are they "State Run", but they're a big chunk of the market share and within their little slice of pie do operate in that fashion.
And that distorts the wider picture because they're so influential.
"Be nice to scum"

Nah.
hahahaha, you think voting matters.
All the power is where the money is, not where the votes are.
&gt;[Fox news] distorts the wider picture because they're so influential.
I agree with this; Murdoch's empire distorts the wider picture, compared to an ideal news network (or even an average news network).
I still think that Murdoch shouldn't be at the top of our list as to why "traditional debate" is ineffective, nor do I think that Murdoch's influence somehow implies that shaming and ridicule is effective.
I don't even know how a debate over the effectiveness of shaming devolved into a debate about the relative credibility of Fox News.
This will have to go down as yet another of humanity's failed attempts to hold a traditional debate (I wonder if Murdoch is somehow responsible.)
My point with the FOX thing is that the American model of political discourse is to a certain extent dominated by forces who have a vested interest in using the bandwidth that is ideally used for informing the public for their own purposes.
Sometimes this is in line with the public interest, but other times it's very much not.
FOX is just a very large and influential example of when it is not.
It's not as simple as arguing down flawed logic, because to even do that successfully, you need to win a messaging war before you even begin.
Shaming and ridicule aren't the same thing.
Shame is an effective normalizer of behaviour.
As I briefly mentioned, the Nudge Unit in the UK uses shame to get better tax filing results.
Messaging as simple as "Your neighbours have all filed already, here's a reminder" is more effective than a reminder without the "Everyone else already has".
People do not like feeling like outsiders, so making them feel like outsiders tends to make them change their behavior.
Sometimes it radicalizes them.
But if it's your existing social group doing it, you generally change the behaviour instead of finding an entirely new friend group.
It's a decaying Empire and we are its most important client state.
I say we jump ship for China.
Despite not having free speech, they jail way way less people than the use does and they are about to be way richer.
Ok have fun being an asshole.
[deleted]
&gt;Shaming and ridicule aren't the same thing.
Shame is an effective normalizer of behaviour.
"Shame and ridicule" were your words: "...make it appear that supporting a monster will get you public shame and ridicule."
If you're withdrawing the claim that it's helpful to ridicule Trump supporters, then our opinions are closer than I thought.
&gt; But if it's your existing social group doing it, you generally change the behaviour 

This is a good point, and one I was actually going to make.
Shame needs to come from the ingroup, not the outgroup.
If at any point you say to a Trump supporter "Trump is a monster, anyone who votes for him is ass-backwards &amp; deserves public shame and ridicule", I think you'll make it pretty clear to them you are *not* their ingroup &amp; they'll just come up with reasons to dismiss you.
If instead you use nudge tactics to influence behaviour (Wikipedia: "[positive reinforcement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Positive_reinforcement) and indirect suggestions"), then this is very much in line with my view.
[deleted]

Summary: 
Shaming and ridicule aren't the same thing.
But what do I know?
We don't shame people for voting.
I see bullshit from both sides.
I don't understand this claim.
&gt;Shaming and ridicule aren't the same thing.
I never said I wanted *your* change.
Shame is an effective normalizer of behaviour.
If people want to do as you're suggesting, that's great.
I say we jump ship for China.
Because you're just telling me how to be again, instead of listening to me.
I don't think he's going to be very receptive to my arguments :/
What evidence do you have that ridicule is under-used and will likely work?
There's a time and place for traditional debate.
Traditional debate won't work either.
Conflating them doesn't make it a "fact" that "shaming" is wrong/ineffective.
Also, I thought "facts don't care about feelings"?
Forget facts and logic, just straight up shame them.
I mean, that does seem to be the case with Trudeau supporters.
&gt;  
&gt;(Shame and ridicule *will* work though.)
Which means it's not what you're doing either.
Shame needs to come from the ingroup, not the outgroup.
Your claim is right if the model (traditional debate) is correct.
Just don't go to the US unless you need to.
I'm just saying that you're helping nobody and just making yourself look bad.
