Original Response: 
[deleted]
How are you guys married if simply going to a party alone is a "big test"?
He sounds like an asshole, but I think you both probably have things to work out.
Why do you live "miles away" from him?
Why is he going to a huge party with a bunch of exes and old crushes without his wife?
This whole situation seems odd.
He says its rude to reject the invitation and that he wanted to catch up with his blokes.
Test, because it was the FIRST TIME he was going to something like this when he was in a relationship with me.
The reason why I say its a test, is because he is extremely introverted and I wanted to be fine with him going out in the future after this proves itself not to be a big deal.
I mean let’s be real here; none of Husbands friends were ever like, “Holy cow!
It would be so fun to invite every chick Randy has ever fucked or wanted to!
Like totally hilarious bro!
!”

OP is just looking for ways to further demonize his actions instead of accepting the more nuanced advice about their lack of communication and mutual respect.
The party only acts as the catalyst in this scenario.
If you haven’t had these kinds of experiences before then you should not be married.
You don’t know him well enough.
He’s also a coke user and a liar and a man who openly considers cheating.
how long you know this guy before you married him?
This is bizarre.
Why does a grown ass man need to prove anything to you?
Especially prove that he is capable of going out by himself, just because he’s an introvert??
Thats nuts.
You sound like his mommy.
You are far too controlling and anxious.
I mean, you wanted to be fine with him going out by himself in the future??
He’s not 5.
What the hell?
Why are you married to a guy you barely know?
Why would you be married to someone who needs to pass a series of tests?
And what was the test exactly?
And what does any of it have to do with being introverted?
This all very muddled.
&gt; He’s also a coke user

so?
&gt; and a liar 

How?
&gt; and a man who openly considers cheating.
In OP's characterisation of his comments, which has been shown to be extremely biased in other contexts (e.g.
saying he deliberately ignored her texts when he claims he didn't check his phone/see them and there's no evidence either way)
God yes, wtf.
How people higher up aren't pointing it out is puzzling.
This was my first concern actually.
While the OP's husband doesn't exactly sound like an incredible catch, the OP herself sounds...  domineering.
Absolutely.
I have standards and I have a very strong expectations from someone I share everything with.
I'm very domineering, but I think that's being rational.
I told him he should go to the party and have fun, because if he wants to, he should anyways.
If he does something just because I tell him to, I would not accept that at all.
Its not actually a literal test.
I didn't see it as a test going into it.
It was lowkey a test and I realized it after the event.
If his read receipts are on then yes there’s “evidence” lol.
If you can’t see the connection between him saying he’s tempted to cheat, the lies about the party, and the coke then idk what to tell you lol.
In the comments she admits she thinks "two grey ticks" means message read on whatsapp.
It doesnt, it means messaged received by phone.
The read receipt is the when the ticks turn blue (from grey) and the message at the top of the conversation then updates "last seen today at ...".
Being domineering is not about rationality.
It is about control.
If I were to guess, your approach to this coke situation was to think it would go away with sufficient conversation?
[deleted]
You sound... Kinda controlling and mildly insane.
This marriage is going to implode - most likely sooner rather than later.
I highly recommend therapy, both couple's and individual (for both of you), if you legitimately want to try and salvage whatever this is that you have here.


I don't think so...
I actually don't know what to do about the coke bit.
I don't want him to do coke anymore and he said he won't if I don't want him to.
But I also don't want him to stop doing something he wants to do just because I say so...
[removed]
&gt; I have standards and I have a very strong expectations from someone I share everything with

You sound terrifying, honestly.
&gt;  But I also don't want him to stop doing something he wants to do just because I say so...

You kinda do though, you just know you shouldnt.
But he was supposed to mindread, go back in time, and then act in a way you hadnt even asked him to?
This thread is flooded with anti-drugs nutjobs who miss this avenue completely.
Well then I am controlling but I am not that without reason.
Is asking for respect controlling?
Fine.
I do ask things from my partner.
For example, he had a habit of lying in the beginning of our relationship and I made sure he knows that is wrong because it causes damage in the long run.
I sent him texts from psychology and philosophy books and he read them, now he does not lie as far as I know... Ha.
but if you think thats controlling, then I am proudly controlling.
I think growth is a big thing.
He also pushes me to be more outgoing and explains the value in social interactions because I'm a bit of a hermit.
[deleted]
Treating a failure to check in or catchup on whatsapp over a 5 hour period as some kind of unforgivable breach of trust is kinda insecure and crazy, yes.
Treating a party as a "test" too

Expecting him to mindread your boundaries over coke (and then weirdly also claim you dont want to stop him doing it?)
etc?
Then why did you marry someone before they proved they could live up to your standards and expectations?
That’s shit you figure out before marriage, not after.
[removed]
[removed]
As you continue to comment I am starting think you are showing narcissist behaviour.
That's fine, I'm not like you or most of the population and if you have problem with people who don't think like the herd then I feel sorry for you.
&gt;How are you guys married if simply going to a party alone is a "big test"?
He sounds like an asshole

Am I really the only guy who can put himself in the guy's situation?
(Despite the fact that I look down on come and conditions users).
Guy got married recently.
Guy snorted coke and was hit on *while being high*.
I think being able to keep one's dick in *this* situation is a point of pride.
And she makes no attempt to deny being a narcissist.
Bingo.
You nailed it.
She's been asked that so many times now and keeps refusing to answer.
That alone, to me at least, means she knows the answer is likely going to get unfavorable comments, and she doesn't feel like dealing with it because her main issue and hang-up here was that she was blue-tucked on whatsapp.
Hmmm you are now becoming more defensive and aggressive...
In an earlier comment you mentioned you’d “LOVE” to be wrong which to me says you’re open to criticism but clearly that isn’t the case.
Also what does you speculating that I have a problem with people that go against the grain have to do with this?
Not to mention how do you even come to that conclusion from a comment.
Yep shes trying to deflect and attack after i pointed it out too..... textbook behaviour.
&gt; I'm very domineering, but I think that's being rational.
I can't point to a single rational paragraph in your original entry.
You don't even seem immature, but rather set in your opinions.
Are you sure you're not developing a mild form of paranoia?
As a father of a psycho I urge you to watch your mental health.
Most people blame progressing mental illness on natural changes of character, as the illness usually progresses relatively slowly (say, from "weird friend" to "total psycho" in 15 years).
A comment in your history indicates you're actually 19.
So a lot of this makes sense now.
Getting married was a mistake.
You are too young, immature and controlling to be married.
&gt;Well then I am controlling but I am not that without reason.
Is asking for respect controlling?
Where do you ask for respect?
Surely not by bothering an adult during a party.
&gt; I do ask things from my partner.
We all do.
That goes without saying.
But we don't own them.
&gt; For example, he had a habit of lying in the beginning of our relationship 

Just because you did *some* good for the relationship does not mean you're all good.
The party freak-out is a prime example of clingy behaviour.
I think you need to accept that its okay to have dealbreakers.
And 
It's OKAY to not want to be with someone who does cocaine and for that to be your dealbreaker.
[removed]
&gt;Treating a failure to check in or catchup on whatsapp over a 5 hour period as some kind of unforgivable breach of trust is kinda insecure and crazy, yes.
I second that opinion.
&gt;
&gt;Treating a party as a "test" too

Or horribly immature.
Youve got issues.
Big time.
I feel sorry for your husband.
[deleted]
[removed]
I think you have issues for being a product of capitalism and slave-morality.
[removed]
Real question: how long have you guys been together/married?
[removed]
For real.
He's not a 7 year old walking to school alone for the first time.
He's an adult.
Why the hell would you marry someone when you're not capable of leaving him alone for a few hours?
How has he never been to a party without her?
It sounds like they got married after a couple months.
Solid idea, guys.
The other things are issues, but being a coke user isn't inherently an issue.
Drugs are not my thing, but as long as OP didn't clearly express that she wasn't OK with her husband doing coke (and it sounds like she didn't), he's in the clear for assuming that she wouldn't particularly mind it.
She says in the post he knows she didn’t like his use before and it’s implied she thought he quit.
Which makes it sound like he avoided her texts because he knew that.
I don’t care what people do.
Independently MAYBE coke is fine for some people but statistically speaking the term “recreational coke use” is a joke.
Pair that with lying about the type of party, his ex’s being at the party, and his admitting he was tempted to cheat is all bad news.
Demanding a check-in text response within a 5-hour window from a spouse that you know to be busy is **not respectful!
**

Also, it's a bit of an aside, but it's hard to genuinely grow when under the thumb of a "helpful" controlling type.
All of the necessary thought and emotional work necessary to truly integrate new perspectives into your own personality is short-circuited by "helpful" support served up by the controller.
In short, it won't stick once the control is removed.
Lol explain this you wacko.
This.
This whole situation sounds weird and fishy.
For all the reasons you enumerated.
&gt;I have standards and I have a very strong expectations from someone I share everything with.
Maybe you should have stated exactly what those standards were, prior to marriage?
I did, many times.
Not doing a terrible thing isn't the same thing as doing a good thing.
I've never been tempted to cheat on my bf while intoxicated, but why on earth would I be proud of that basic level of decency?
Get off your high horse and actually grow up some, lmao.
What exactly makes someone "a product of capitalism and slave-morality" and how does cocaine factor in?
[removed]
[removed]
That's not what you said in your post.
You said he was an occasional user, and made assumptions.
You definitely did not set any standard or expectation, you made a bunch of assumptions and also assumed he is a mindreader.
r/iamverysmart.
Lol the rest of the herd doesn’t marry a guy they barely know and have major trust issues.
You are hilarious.
I must return to the flock with the rest of the sheeple.
Didn’t you hear it’s not a test but it low key is a test.
Read her comments about not following the herd and how she is like on a higher plane than the rest of us.
This chick is certifiable.
I don’t understand.
If you told him to go to the party and have fun, where did the conversation about him not wanting to rudely reject the invitation come from?
&gt;But I also don't want him to stop doing something he wants to do just because I say so...

**Of course you do!
You want him to call because you said so.
You want him to not do coke because you said so.
What the hell??
**

You have some serious dissonance going on here.
You want him to do **everything** you need to feel in control of him, his actions and his emotions while pretending that he’s doing it all of his own accord.
You have 99 problems here and being a strong woman with expectations of her partner ain’t one of ‘em.
What in the world is going on here?!
He did coke?
Is this even a thing normal well adjusted people do at a party with friends?
I myself have never encountered it, and I'm not old or anything (I'm 28) and I partied pretty hard in my early twenties.
And you knew he sometimes does coke for some strange unapparent reason and you married him still?
And now you're upset that he does coke, but you agreed to marry a coke user, that you assumed didn't do coke despite the fact that he did it within the last year?
What?!
I am confused, bewildered and upset at the same time.
In what world do you live in?
This is how parties are in mid-size to large American cities...
I dunno how “hard” you partied if you never even *encountered* coke.
&gt;  I myself have never encountered it,

Have you been at a party where people seem to run off to the bathroom in groups now and then?
If so, you've been around it.
I'm with you,  coke is not a normal or accepted thing to do.
People become violent when on coke.
I had an ex who abused coke and his favorite thing was to scream at me and throw empty beer bottles against the wall.
[removed]
[deleted]
Thank you.
It's insane to me that people think that coke is absolutely normal.
I knew that pot was considered a "whatever" thing internationally, but coke?!
That is a  dangerous drug.
[deleted]
Do you live in the Middle East or something?
No.
I live in Scandinavia.

Summary: 
I do ask things from my partner.
You want him to not do coke because you said so.
I didn't see it as a test going into it.
&gt; I do ask things from my partner.
I don’t care what people do.
I think growth is a big thing.
I actually don't know what to do about the coke bit.
I feel sorry for your husband.
I mean, you wanted to be fine with him going out by himself in the future??
Well then I am controlling but I am not that without reason.
You sound like his mommy.
&gt;Well then I am controlling but I am not that without reason.
how long you know this guy before you married him?
I'm very domineering, but I think that's being rational.
but if you think thats controlling, then I am proudly controlling.
&gt; He’s also a coke user

so?
You want him to call because you said so.
I told him he should go to the party and have fun, because if he wants to, he should anyways.
But we don't own them.
&gt; I'm very domineering, but I think that's being rational.
I'm with you,  coke is not a normal or accepted thing to do.
And what was the test exactly?
You are too young, immature and controlling to be married.
If he does something just because I tell him to, I would not accept that at all.
What in the world is going on here?!
Why are you married to a guy you barely know?
I think you need to accept that its okay to have dealbreakers.
People become violent when on coke.
How has he never been to a party without her?
I think you have issues for being a product of capitalism and slave-morality.
**

You have some serious dissonance going on here.
I am confused, bewildered and upset at the same time.
