Original Response: 
This guy is not infallible and before Musk's musketeers of stans come at me, you can't build a business off government subsidies and not expect them to call when the rent is due.
It will be interesting to see how this develops.
I don't see how he can carry on as CEO.
What do subsidies have to do with this?
Really, that makes no sense.
I’d hope they’d come after any CEO who did something like this.
I like Tesla but this was stupid.
Wasn’t Tesla subsidized by the government?
Edit: Jesus lol.
I was simply asking a question.
I wasn’t sure if it had been subsidized or not.
No where in my comment did I say subsidies are bad.
No where in my comment did I say that Tesla shouldn’t have received any.
I asked a question whether they were or not.
Project more plz.
So???
?
So are utilities.
And farmers.
This has nothing to do with subsidies.
So many things are subsidized by the government.
Small business subsidies are a thing too for example.
That’s the bullshit redneck propaganda those idiots like to dwell in.
Those government subsidies were available to every car company - nothing unique about Tesla.
Musk is in hot water because of securities law.
Not because his company benefitted from subsidies.
Yet the dumb fucks like to think somehow those subsidies and these new charges are related.
America is going to shit more because of these dumb fucks and less because of those belligerent CEOs.
&gt; musketeers of stans 

Satan?
Not to mention the security subsidy the us provides the oil industry.
Cool.
Not sure what that has to do with me wondering whether Tesla received subsidies?
Can you explain?
Sooo...
I think it’s pretty straight forward... do you not know what a question mark means?
It means I’m asking a question.
It implies I don’t know the answer but would like to...
I know that... I’m asking a legit question.
Does no one know what a ?
means?
I feel like I’m in crazy land.
How can you read my question and think it’s a statement?
How can you read my question and think it’s pro or con for any position ?
It’s a question lol.
It means I don’t know but would like to.
Based on the responses I’m guessing they were subsidized.
Awesome.
Government needs to fund and push innovation because private organizations won’t always do so if they don’t think it’ll pay off.
Some of the best innovation has come from government funded research that didnt seem profitable at the time but ended up changing industries.
I’m still not sure how anyone got I’m anti Tesla or anti government subsidies by my question.
The issue is that your “question” wasn’t.
It was a statement.
And a stupid one.
Ah nice retort.
How dumb do you feel right now.
It was a question.
I was literally asking a question.
I didn’t know you knew my intent and decided the  question was rhetorical without any evidence.
Please almighty wise one.
Show me where I made a statement?
Let’s start there.
Now show me where I said that Tesla shouldn’t have received a subsidy.
Now show me where I said subsidies are bad...

You can’t.
Because I never said anything beyond asking if Tesla had received government funding.
Honest answer - NO.
Why?
Tesla’s products are subsidized by the federal and state governments.
So are every other car companies’ EVs.
As such Tesla is not receiving any subsidies.
It’s Tesla’s customers who are receiving subsidies.
That’s really interesting.
I’ve never heard it explained like that before.
What you are saying is that every manufacturer receives subsidies so Tesla isn’t gaining any advantage so really it’s the consumer who is getting the subsidy.
Did I understand that correctly?
Yes.
It’s the consumer who is getting rebates and subsidies.
Of course the manufacturer is paid directly in some cases (where the manufacturer also leases the car to the consumer) but even in those cases they have separate companies to manage the leases.
I would argue slightly differently.
First I would say Tesla benefited more from govt subsidies than other car manufactures, simply because Tesla ONLY made electric vehicles, making subsidies a larger % of their budget.
&amp;#x200B;

Second, artificial price adjustments (taxes, tariffs, output limits, subsides) affect way more than just the consumer and seller.
If the gov agrees to give anybody that buys an EV $5000, in theory, that will increase the quantity demanded.
Since supply is fixed in the short-term (especially with Tesla) , Tesla would just raise the price of their car $5000 so there isn't excess demand.
This still puts pressure on them to produce more cars since their profit margin just took a jump.
Tesla will request more lithium, aluminum, leather, ipads, etc.
push up the price of raw materials until their suppliers can ramp up.
Everybody will push their prices up as much as consumers will allow with their new subsidies.
The subsidies ultimately get split between the consumer, Tesla, and every supplier of Tesla.
Also really interesting.
Thanks for the input!
I honestly do not know much about Musk or Tesla.
I recall it being used politically during (I think) during Obama’s second election.
&gt; "According to Musk, he calculated the $420 price per share based on a 20% premium over that day's closing share price because he thought 20% was a 'standard premium' in going-private transaction," the SEC alleged in its suit.
"This calculation resulted in a price of $419, and Musk stated that he rounded the price up to $420 because he had recently learned about the number's significance in marijuana culture and thought his girlfriend 'would find it funny, which admittedly is not a great reason to pick a price.'"
Wow he’s a meme.
If only he had chosen $420.69.
He just recently learned about the meaning of 420?
He spent his childhood in South Africa getting beat up for being a computer nerd and then he went to college in Pennsylvania, then was at Stanford to get a PhD for 2 days before he dropped out to start a business.
I would think he would have heard of 420 in just two days in a California university, but you never know.
[removed]
I want to believe the man behind Tesla motors and many other companies is not this dumb.
Can't this be an attempt to cover a purposeful price manipulation by trying to make it seem like a funny honest mistake?
You mean having emerald fights with his cousins because his parents owned an (Apartheid era) emerald mine.
Wait what.
I think its annoying with people praise him as being some kind of a genius.
I also think its equally annoying when people say hes outright dumb.
Its at least worth recognizing that if you're as rich as Elon, you dont really need to be a genius to do a lot of the stuff he has done.
Any billionaire is perfectly capable of throwing money at the best engineers until a problem is solved or a solution is created.
In my opinion hes just a regular guy with terrible impulse control and good ideas.
You never grew up throwing emeralds at your siblings?
Man, you really missed out.
Apartheid was in South Africa.
The mine they owned was in Zambia.
[Yeah...](https://www.businessinsider.co.za/elon-musk-sells-the-family-emeralds-in-new-york-2018-2)
Could be... they could also be that dumb.
Elon is def an engineer.
He also leads a lot of the design talks at SpaceX.
Technically he isnt an engineer as far as I know.
I am fully aware many people say that he may as well be one due to his knowledge on the subject matter pertaining to SpaceX and Tesla, though.
I'm not saying hes a bumbling CEO who is clueless of the technical side of things.
I just dont agree with people framing him as if he is some kind of super genius.
Uhm.
Maybe not super genius.
But I’ve watched a lecture he gave on engineering processes and another on rockets.
He has engineering degrees.
And he coded zip2 and parts of PayPal.
I work as an engineer rn.
I don’t have a certificate that says “bayhack is certified engineer”.
As long as you’re designing and building then your an engineer.
He def didn’t build a rocket on his own nor did he build an electric car on his own.
But he does lead design.
Hyperloop another company he made, he planned and drew out in a short time period when he was dissatisfied with California’s plan of a hyper speed rail.
A lot of my college career was actually based off Elon’s work.
I was a programmer on the Electric Car Research department and even on the hyperloop team.
Idk any geniuses, but he’s pretty damn close.
He’s still human and has flaws.
And yeah he was born rich.
I mean how else do you think a lot of smart successful ppl are.
It’s rare for someone to come from poor to even middle class in the entire world.
He def has had his way pave for him.
He’d prolly just be another smart engineer in some company in SA if he didn’t have rich family.
I mean its a lot of luck and then smarts.
I used to be a fanboy.
I see his flaws.
But I respect his knowledge in engineering before his weird business acts.
He is a very smart scientist and has goals set in stone which he hasn't really wavered on (he has three changes he wants to make, it's like colonize Mars, make all energy renewable (electric cars), and autonomous cars.
Something like that.
He's been a pretty good businessmen, earned one of his undergrad degrees in it in fact.
He's above average, at least in his work ethic.
I say that because he's made many successful companies and the beginning of that is a lot of work.
Who knows about his work ethic now a days though.
If you have a decent head on your shoulders, constantly working will get you surprisingly far even if you aren't a genius.
Which I don't think he is.
He doesn't do things for profit - he's stated that.
So his mentality is different than most other billionaires.
He's gotten very comfortable, too comfortable, and I'd say that's partially why he's acting like this.
But like you said, he can be impulsive, and I'd say he's also a bit narcissistic.
I think he may have had a bit of that to begin with, and then the money and success multiplied all that and went to his head a bit.
He's really enjoyed being a celebrity and has leaned into that lifestyle a bit more in the public eye than is really appropriate for a multicoorporation billionaire CEO.
He seems to have forgotten a bit that he's not an artist but a CEO and the face of two companies.
Artists and those types of celebrities don't have big responsibilities like he has and their lifestyle is acceptable as it doesn't affect a huge company.
You know?
Or on like any forum on the Internet.
I did my own audit of the ledger and arrived at a total company valuation of 58008 thousand.
Is that 1337 per share?
Having actually talked with him, I can't think of anyone more intelligent (for context, I had this conversation when at University of Oxford).
There are people with other kinds of intelligence, but for solving actual problems there are very few people as competent as he is.
As in, I dare you to suggest even one.
Apparently genius didn't realize that committing fraud via twitter wasn't a great idea.
Apparently musk is on Ambien.
It doesn't explain everything but it explains some of it.
Nobody that so blatantly violates the law does it as a funny mistake.
A couple of things that contributed.
1) Hubris 

2) Trying to do too much at the same time

3) Disdain for investment rules 

4) Petulance

The SEC is 100% correct clamping on this type of behavior as others can use this method to manipulate stocks.
Elon doesn’t seem too knowledgeable of corporate governance in public companies.
Zambia was Northern Rodesia, which was an apartheid state too.
~~Scientist~~

*Engineer.
What's the difference, besides motive?
The two roles overlap.
What is this?
Does it really have a meaning or is this a joke?
The money side of it all isn't really what drives him, so I can easily see him not really giving a shit and just playing around with the idea of getting rid of Wall Street breathing down his neck whatever Tesla was doing.
A major distraction.
Not that he surely isn't very good with the finance stuff too (you really have to be to have gotten where he is), but given how annoying he must find the whole thing it might make sense to hire someone to run that side of the org.
Though given how dictatorial he likes to be (risk takers rather need to be), I can imagine that won't be an easy or a pleasant job.
Something of a Trumps spokesman role, except with 100 IQ more on the boss.
But still, lots of the same downsides would be there.
The difference is in application.
Scientists rigorously research ideas and formulate conclusions.
Engineers take those findings and apply them to real world scenarios.
...
Speaking as an engineer.
he did get high on Rogan's podcast.
So scientists go to scientist school to become scientists.
Scientist is anyone who uses scientific principles in their experiments.
This includes engineers if they have the inclination.
The fact 420 is considered code or slang for marijuana and marijuana related things is real.
(Like many silly bits of slang, its origins are lost in time.
It's a type of slang that is unusually prone to reverse-etymology: because it is made of numbers not words people think it must have some specific meaning.)
Now you've heard about this you will experience the bader meinhoff effect and notice it in usernames all over this website.
Musk's choice of it because of its marijuana reference is real too.
The fact he intended that to be a joke is also real.
Hmm, I ended up with a book value of 5318008, i guess I must've made a miscalculation somewhere.
Ohh I had absolutely no idea about that.
Thanks for the explanation that's really interesting, and kind of funny.
[deleted]
You are correct in that, but not in the context here.
*Northern Rhodesia* had an apartheid like system, similar to south Africa, but it ended in 1964, 30 years before South Africa, when Northern Rhodesia gained independence and became The Republic of Zambia.
And 2 decades before his family owned the mine.
Well you said the Apartheid was in South Africa, just wanted to point out other countries in the region had Apartheid regimes too.
I wasn't talking about Elon Musk or implying his family profited off the minority rule.
I understand.
That was why I said you are correct that Northern Rhodesia was also an apartheid-like state, just not in the context here, discussing "apartheid era" emerald mines.
If we want to assign him a sub-genius level IQ fine, it doesn’t matter (though I don’t agree).
He is an extremely unconventional business owner.
The projects he chooses his companies to work on are almost always very challenging and with high risk.
I think his appetite for risk, his willingness to get into the details and contribute with sound engineering and his desire to keep doing more of these things, even though he’s made billions, makes him different.
Ever see those YouTube videos of stupid criminals falling through the roof of a store?
I don't like how Musk fan are full blown in defending him, but how the hell is he guilty of anything here?
What's the point of bringing this to the table?
you’re forgetting the big one,
Tweeting from home on LSD.
[removed]
Context is important.
The short sellers have been teasing and publishing false media reports hurting Tesla/musk for years.
Musk have stated he's sick and tired of them.
It's like beating and bullying a kid harder and harder, and then blaming the kid when he finally snaps.
The short sellers and fake news pessimists went crying to the government when musk finally hit back with a little joke.
Publishing false company information to fuck with short sellers is literally fraud.
Publishing false news articles using paid viral marketing networks isn't!??
Difference is traders doing it vs the CEO doing it.
Yeah, companies aren't allowed to publish fraudulent information.
What's so hard to figure out about this.
&gt;It's like beating and bullying a kid harder and harder, and then blaming the kid when he finally snaps.
Perhaps a bit like a billionaire repeatedly calling someone a paedophile without presenting any evidence, seemingly because that person had made harsh comments about the billionaire?
I love Tesla.
Their cars and their technology.
But Musk is being upended by other luxury brands like BMW, Porsche and Mercedes-Benz.
Which are releasing veritable and beautiful electric cars of their own.
Added to the brand recognition and quality that come with those companies put tesla in very hot water.
Also.
It looks as if Musk's hubris finally caught up to him.
Meh, he did push those companies to speed up the creation of truly functional electric vehicles.
&gt; Musk is being upended by other luxury brands like BMW, Porsche and Mercedes-Benz.
I’ll believe it when I see it.
Q3 estimates for Tesla (especially the model 3) look amazing.
Your statement is not even close to reality.
None of those brands have shipping EVs that compete with Tesla!
The first competitors will not arrive until next year and have already been panned by critics as not competitive.
Only the Porsche Taycan has potential, but is still vaporware that is two years out.
How many companies have zero competition for the next two years.
Those marques have something Tesla will never have - they are fashionable.
Tesla will always be popular to its cult fanbase but it is never going to create a mainstream culture-shaking car like the G Wagen or the Porsche 911

Edit - downvote me all you want, the world isn't communist, we are not slaves to Tesla's groupthink!
After hearing about the manufacturing yield (quality so poor that cars weren't deliverable off the assembly line without rework)  problems, I doubt 3Q is going to be all that gangbusters.
https://cleantechnica.com/2018/09/26/perspective-yo/
So much ignorance in this comment.
Reddit truly shows it is a collection of ignorance time and time again.
Here is a tip - try reading the history behind how and why Tesla was started.
Have fun enjoying the part that Elon had little to do with the technology behind the car or the company except being a shrewed businessman and being approached by the original founders and inventors.
Also, enjoy the part about what motivated them to create Tesla, the answer might surprise you.
Edit - seems like Elon's PR team is already on this thread downvoting any truth and facts.
Good job lads you definitely are earning those 0.50 cents he generously gives you.
Too bad on the unionizing.
&gt; https://cleantechnica.com/2018/09/26/perspective-yo/

Sorry, there's no perspective that makes an &gt;80% rework rate even remotely acceptable.
Please tell us what kind of information you're talking about and where we can read more.
As it stands your comment comes across as unreliable.
That's been the business plan from the beginning though.
Tesla from the outset wanted to grow a new segment and then grab a small slice of the pie.
It was always inevitable that BMW, Porsche, etc would have extremely high quality electrics and carry over their exemplary brand image.
But Nissan is also worth 40 billion dollars.
Mazda is nearly 10 billion.
Those were the benchmarks for Tesla when they started this venture - make a new market, get a slice of it, and add value and margins by being a behemoth battery manufacturer.
Even if this guy is ignorant (idk because I'm ignorant too), at least he's not a dick like you.
You think the 2021 BMW concept looks beautiful?
The i8 is a beautiful car.
If all were that rosy, why would Musk send those tweets?
Many serious investors are losing faith in Tesla's capability of delivering on its promises.
Toyota already dumped all of their shares of Tesla.
Yes, Musk has proven the world wrong, but their staple product is an almost 10 year old car, that while pretty is starting to age and is mired with production issues.
A lot of Tesla's moxy comes from Musk.
Didn’t Tesla release a good amount of patents to get more competition in electric cars.
So they could get more advancement.
I used to work for an electric vehicle research department that was created at my university only cause Tesla released so many patents.
The researchers were researching and incorporating Tesla patents into different uses.
It's freely available.
I mean, you could start with basic wiki search.
It pathetic that you hold an opinion without even a shred of knowledge.
Folks like you come across more ignorant than even people with basic education.
Does everyone spoon feed you information and tell you how to think?
Go read, research, and learn.
I call BS.
Where is your proof you worked at your university's electric vehical research department and they used Tesla patents.
Also, kind of defeats the entire purpose of, you know, research.
Also, which patent did you use?
You know there is a patent for the blinkers, windshield wipers, door handles.
Let's get specific one electric engineer to perhaps another.
Everyone in the tech industry knows that Elon released the patents to support his own ends towards an electric vehicle market not because he was benevolent.
https://www.informs.org/Blogs/M-SOM-Blogs/M-SOM-Review/Why-did-Tesla-Give-Away-Patents-for-Free-An-Analysis-of-the-Open-Technology-Strategy-from-an-Operational-Perspective

Simply put Elon is scared hydrogen will win.
The chance of hydrogen winning are significant because it can not only allow transport of people but goods as well.
Planes, Ships, trucks, etc.
Battery though efficient will never be able to provide the energy to mass scaling as fuel cells without significant material science research which Tesla doesn't even do and instead uses Samsung's R&amp;D.
Toyota sold at $200 which was perfectly timed to miss $100 run up in stock Tesla stock to $300.
Toyota has zero EVs on sale today in the USA market.
In other word Toyota is one of the worst examples understanding EV market trends.
Tesla Model S shipped in 2012 so 6 years ago and has had multiple updates since.
Model X started shipping in 2015 so 3 years old.
Model S and Model X are shipping with no production delays.
Model 3 has made it through production hell and was the number 5 selling sedan in August’s no longer mired in production issues.
Elon has built something much bigger than himself.
They may be able to take Elon out of Tesla, but Tesla has hit critical mass and has a product roadmap for the next ten years.
You're the one telling me how to think, I'm just asking how you came by that opinion.
Almost like the person making the claim had to provide evidence.
Super weird.
/s.
MIT used to use look at Tesla patents to help their students design prototype cars.
I specifically worked for the Plug-in Hybrid and Electric  Research Center - not telling you my Uni, you might be able to figure that out.
Very few places with that name.
His patents were "good faith" uses - so yes he's only hoping for his own end goal, duh.
They were allowed for research only if I recall.
Yeah maybe business wise he's scared of hydrogen - if his real dream is saving the plant then maybe not.
I'm not him.
I know what I did at my job.
I'm not an electric engineer.
I'm a programmer.
I actually used Raspberry Pis to interact and track data on the car - I probably broke a lot of warranties.
But I'll say there were def electrical engineers and chemical engineers who read through the patents and conducted their own research.
I know the chemical engineers were reverse engineering a lot of the batteries and were also using patents from other companies.
The electrical engineers were doing something similar and then trying to work their own research into the cars - I've seen the patents from Tesla sitting on the desk.
We had fleets of Teslas and Chevy Bolts we received data on.
Research definitely looks at patents and other released research.
You sorta have to read and keep up to do current trending research.
Lol!
You can't even list the patent.
Also, enlighten me more about MIT's hybrid.
My roommate works at MIT for his post doctorate.
I can ask him if he knows anyone in that program.
I call BS on you knowing anything about how battery tech or how electric motors works or even how research in college is done.
He has two options.
A add to conversation by saying something backs by facts and evidence.
Or B not saying saying anything about something he doesn't know.
It's very easy to chose option B.
Ok whatever man.
I know what I did.
What I saw and what I worked with.
I didn’t say all they did was look and follow patents.
But their def read and I was hired on as a lot of support in electric cars were brought in on this.
For someone who spends their time on Reddit reading nonsense and posting wrong information, you could, you know read the wiki first.
Here, I will even link it to you.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tesla,_Inc.
The company was founded in 2003 by Martin Eberhard and Marc Tarpenning, who also financed the company until the Series A round of funding.
Following a lawsuit and resolution, the company now lists Series A round investors[26] Elon Musk, JB Straubel and Ian Wright as co-founders.
[2] The founders were influenced to start the company after GM recalled and destroyed its EV1 electric cars in 2003.
[27]

But hey, attacking the person telling you to think and learn will surely get you far in life.
Funny how Tesla cult forgets who actually founded the company and the technology behind it.
Here is a thought, prove me wrong that Elon Musk actually was the original founders and not just an investor.
Go ahead.
While you are at it.
Prove that it was not inspired by GM's EV1.
Pro tip - most patents do not have critical information in them.
They are generic enough to cover a vast number of vectors in order to prevent others from implementing another method and specific enough to pass the $30/hr clerk at the patent office.
You cannot usually reverse engineer stuff simply using a patent.
Yes, a back scratcher can be reverse but not stuff in electrical engineering.
As of September there are still many quality concerns on Model 3. https://www.forbes.com/sites/brookecrothers/2018/09/02/tesla-model-3-owner-review-quality-issues-consumer-reports-customer-satisfaction/
&gt; Also, enjoy the part about what motivated them to create Tesla, the answer might surprise you.
Why not just post this instead of 

&gt; not saying saying anything about something [you don't] know.
Simple, so that they actually read it and learn more instead of living and basking in ignorance.
It's obvious they like Tesla and Elon enough to defend their every action but not enough to actually learn about it's history.
Also, why should I spoon feed them information that is freely available and a simple Google search away when they have the time to sit here arguing with me about factual information and why I can't spoon-feed them.
The point of a forum is for discussion.
Telling somebody to go Google something and keeping stuff vague while also being combative is no good for anybody.
...it's like literally the first link on Google.
Here is a thought, I ask them to Google something, they learn, understand, process the information and come back with a more informed position.
Meanwhile, now you lot seems perfectly happy debating my approach instead of true purpose of this chain.
Elon is not benevolent and did not push companies to invest in electric vehicles.
The founders of Tesla infact were motivated by EV1 to invest in electric cars.
Furthermore, Elon did not found Tesla, he invested in it.
He has nothing to do with the technology behind the company.
These are facts.
Releasing the patents was a strategic business move.
Nothing else.
Instead you lot are the one being combative and trying to justify your ill-informed and ignorant position.
Let's see if you will admit that Elon is not benevolent and just a shrewed businessman.
Someone is definitely having a bad day lol.
Not really, just seeing how redditors bask in their collective ignorance.
The user above lied about his experience.
He isn't an engineer.
He doesn't know how patents works.
He doesn't even know that patents do not usually contain enough information to duplicate/reverse engineer.
If it was that easy, China would simply open the US patent office website and copy each patent.
The sheer ignorance of these redditors shows they are petty enough to not admit they do not know and proud enough to not even try to learn.
That's a hybrid supercar.
Look for their 2021 crossover concepts.
It better be for $130k.
So, marketing?
You could have provided more information and perhaps links to make your point.
Instead you spent several paragraphs talking at this guy with a really abrasive tone.
Even if your sentiment was just, your delivery was woeful.
You need to work on your people skills imo.
&gt;You could have provided more information and perhaps links to make your point.
Instead you spent several paragraphs talking at this guy with a really abrasive tone.
&gt;Even if your sentiment was just, your delivery was woeful.
I could say the same to you.
&gt;You need to work on your people skills imo.
Perhaps.
You still have to admit Elon Musk is just a businessman nothing more.
I think it’s safe to say there’s more to the success of the Porsche 911 than marketing.
This looks pretty http://www.fiaformulae.com/en/news/2018/march/all-electric-bmw-i4-set-to-hit-the-streets-in-2020/
Does this mean Trump can be impeached because of his tweets now?
It always has meant that - but it's hard when you're the head of the executive branch who is in charge of enforcement.
Congress can literally impeach for basically anything they want - "treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors" is pretty vague.
It basically comes to if the people support congress (aka will they gain or lose votes from the process) impeachment process.
You can know you can be impeached and still continue as a sitting president.
(see Clinton)
[deleted]
No.
An impeachment is kind of like an indictment, it is the act of leveling formal charges against an official.
The House has to sole power to impeach.
The Senate then tries the impeachment and decides whether to convict and remove the official from office.
Bill Clinton was impeached.
The House voted in favor of bringing formal charges against him.
He was not, however, convicted.
The Republicans did not have the 60 votes necessary to convict in the Senate at the time.
Clinton and Johnson are the only presidents to be impeached.
No president has yet been convicted.
Thank you.
Just so I’m understanding no president had been convicted (Andrew Johnson and Bill Clinton; both were acquitted by the Senate) but 2 have been brought up on impeachment, correct?
Correct.
There has never been a conviction on a presidential impeachment.
Nixon likely would have been convicted but left office before the House even got to vote on his impeachment.
Thank you!
[removed]
Could Congress impeach me if I was a super unpopular President who was just trying my best, and I just got sick of everybody's shit so during the State of the Union in my last year I just dropped my pants and awkwardly backed up to the mic bare-ass until I got my butt carefully aligned with the podium and bare butt farted into it?
Could they impeach me for that?
Nixon would have been convicted.
He stepped down instead.
[deleted]
I would vote you emperor.
Yeah they can’t charge any of the 2008 bankers.
But a tweet, and they charge an inventor.
Justice for all.
[deleted]
Whynotboth.gif.
They're both fraud and should both be handled thusly.
Describe who and how any investment bankers broke which laws in 2008.
SEC doesn't file criminal charges.
They file civil suits.
Well it was never comprehensively investigated.
What exactly has he invented ?
Please provide a source.
Jesus Christ.
It’s been endlessly dissected.
Lmao Reddit is full of children.
http://fortune.com/2017/03/03/bank-fines-2008-financial-crisis/
Paypal.
That's like saying Steve jobs invented apple.
Look up the [libor scandal](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Libor_scandal) for a start.
Only one guy went to jail there.
**Libor scandal**

The Libor scandal was a series of fraudulent actions connected to the Libor (London Interbank Offered Rate) and also the resulting investigation and reaction.
The Libor is an average interest rate calculated through submissions of interest rates by major banks across the world.
The scandal arose when it was discovered that banks were falsely inflating or deflating their rates so as to profit from trades, or to give the impression that they were more creditworthy than they were.
Libor underpins approximately $350 trillion in derivatives.
***

^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&amp;message=Excludeme&amp;subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/business/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]
^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.28.
It’s like people think “I didn’t hear about it, so it’s false”.
A company Elon co-founded merged with another company that had created PayPal and then they renamed the company to PayPal.
Elon Musk did not personally invent PayPal lol.
even fanboys have downgraded him from saviour of humanity to "inventor"
I don't see anywhere where anyone involved was charged or convicted for actively destroying the global economy.
Fees are just passed on to consumers, they didn't pay anything.
The stuff big banks did in 2008 may have been reckless and greedy, but what did they do that was illegal?
He redirected X.com to focus exclusively on Paypal and was immediately replaced by the board, they didn't agree that the hard pivot of focus to the Paypal money exchange service was the right move.
I'll give him credit for taking the chance and forcing the hand of the X and Confinity merger org into what eventually became the real juggernaut of Paypal.
They ripped control away from him immediately when he took the gamble.
It was well known when it happened.
Steve Jobs and Wozniak invented Apple.
So, yeah, it's still accurate, I didn't give him sole credit and there is some fuzzy credit involved for him in what became the modern Paypal, but he ordered the pivot of the X org to the Paypal model and shut down the internet banking the same month the board decided to replace him.
I think the other guy was getting at how woz invented apple and jobs sold it.
[deleted]
How is LIBOR rigging related in any way to the housing crash and credit crunch, *for a start*?
Well, loan companies use the libor rates as a reference.
With falsified libor rates, mortgage companies were more confident than they should have been and giving rates far lower than than they should've been to home buyers.
Thus, causing our housing market to bubble and eventually crash.
This is just going off of the top of my head when we studied the issue in college.
I'd have to really dig in for more detail, but the libor rates impact a ton of financial institutions.
soon to be 'local businessman elon musk'
All the shit they did in the years before 2008.
There definitely should have been more banking legislation but mortgage backed securities and subprime mortgages were legal.
Exactly, some of the blame should fall on the people who clearly couldn't afford these mortgages, but we're taking them anyway.
Not a lawyer, but I'd imagine something in the process of faking appraisals and forging signatures on a massive scale and as a matter of policy to get deals through and then packaging the shitty loans together and marketing them as top grade securities runs afoul of some law or other.
So we're the mortgages.
Say what you want about the bankers but when people asked for money to buy houses, the banks obliged.
That’s whataboutism.
While more should have been charged, the events of 2008 have zero relevance to Musk’s situation.
Prior to his announcement, he had spent weeks lamenting the short sellers of TSLA.
Then he announces he may take it private at a significant premium and the stock jumps up immediately.
It likely was a move done specificically to inflict maximum pain on those short sellers.
If that was the case, that’s highly illegal.
I have been a cheerleader for Elon since his PayPal days.
He has done an incredible amount of good things.
That doesn’t mean the law no longer applies to him.
What he did here was likely highly illegal and unethical.
It could be a deflection.
It could also be recognition that there are some political motivations to such charges.
The SEC has been so useless in the recent past that it is noteworthy that they are taking significant action against someone prominent.
Colluded to manipulate prices to their own benefit even if it meant screwing their customers.
No, it’s not.
It’s like the most clear cut example of stock price manipulation in recent memory.
He even tried to pretend he had a buyer right after to minimize how illegal it was, but then only dug his hole deeper.
It was a completely asinine move and it was done in the most public way possible.
No era of the SEC would ignore it.
[deleted]
There were plenty of bankers who admitted guilty to felonies.
The attorney general did not prosecute any.
You’re assuming LIBOR rates were always being adjusted to the upside...I wish I could remember who did the study, but the findings didn’t support that.
The study suggested that LIBOR rates were being rigged by certain groups of banks, likely in conjunction with whatever their prop trading desks were holding (that would benefit from up or down movement).
Relating this directly to the mortgage crisis is a stretch.
It's a lot easier to nail people when they post their misdeeds to twitter, not sure a lot of Bank CEOs were doing that in 2008.

Summary: 
I know what I did.
I could say the same to you.
I like Tesla but this was stupid.
I used to be a fanboy.
I know what I did at my job.
I work as an engineer rn.
Which I don't think he is.
Here, I will even link it to you.
I was simply asking a question.
I was literally asking a question.
Also, which patent did you use?
I asked a question whether they were or not.
I honestly do not know much about Musk or Tesla.
I would vote you emperor.
It means I don’t know but would like to.
Show me where I made a statement?
He doesn't know how patents works.
As such Tesla is not receiving any subsidies.
What I saw and what I worked with.
I wasn’t sure if it had been subsidized or not.
What do subsidies have to do with this?
I'm not an electric engineer.
I can ask him if he knows anyone in that program.
Elon is def an engineer.
I’ll believe it when I see it.
I didn’t say all they did was look and follow patents.
Technically he isnt an engineer as far as I know.
No where in my comment did I say subsidies are bad.
I mean its a lot of luck and then smarts.
Could they impeach me for that?
They were allowed for research only if I recall.
No where in my comment did I say that Tesla shouldn’t have received any.
I don't see how he can carry on as CEO.
I know that... I’m asking a legit question.
Did I understand that correctly?
Ohh I had absolutely no idea about that.
It implies I don’t know the answer but would like to...
I would argue slightly differently.
Wasn’t Tesla subsidized by the government?
Not because his company benefitted from subsidies.
Does no one know what a ?
He was not, however, convicted.
I have been a cheerleader for Elon since his PayPal days.
I feel like I’m in crazy land.
A lot of Tesla's moxy comes from Musk.
As in, I dare you to suggest even one.
The i8 is a beautiful car.
The difference is in application.
He has nothing to do with the technology behind the company.
I say that because he's made many successful companies and the beginning of that is a lot of work.
Now show me where I said that Tesla shouldn’t have received a subsidy.
It could be a deflection.
The researchers were researching and incorporating Tesla patents into different uses.
I think its annoying with people praise him as being some kind of a genius.
It means I’m asking a question.
Furthermore, Elon did not found Tesla, he invested in it.
This has nothing to do with subsidies.
I also think its equally annoying when people say hes outright dumb.
You can't even list the patent.
I was a programmer on the Electric Car Research department and even on the hyperloop team.
Go read, research, and learn.
I mean, you could start with basic wiki search.
He just recently learned about the meaning of 420?
I know the chemical engineers were reverse engineering a lot of the batteries and were also using patents from other companies.
Really, that makes no sense.
Musk have stated he's sick and tired of them.
It’s the consumer who is getting rebates and subsidies.
I mean how else do you think a lot of smart successful ppl are.
The founders of Tesla infact were motivated by EV1 to invest in electric cars.
Didn’t Tesla release a good amount of patents to get more competition in electric cars.
I want to believe the man behind Tesla motors and many other companies is not this dumb.
Now show me where I said subsidies are bad...

You can’t.
Elon is not benevolent and did not push companies to invest in electric vehicles.
But their def read and I was hired on as a lot of support in electric cars were brought in on this.
So they could get more advancement.
How can you read my question and think it’s a statement?
But I respect his knowledge in engineering before his weird business acts.
