Original Response: 
hi, i accidentally fucked my brain and i can't play slow classes.
i play very mobile classes in bdo.
what class do you guys suggest i should take up?
i just need something that can move around a lot, idc about difficulty.
&amp;#x200B;

i also have the 80 boost if that helps.
Dont use the boost, thief is most mobile.
second on don't use the boost *yet*.
Pick any class and learn the game slow and steady.
Have your boost ready if you reached endgame with your first character and need a new class for some end game team composition.
He can also use the boost to get a mount and then continue leveling if he wants to go fast.
nope, he can get the mount without using the boost.
He only need a vet helping him to get the mount without getting story spoiler.
He just need to enter the first chapter being open and done by the vet while running his client on a language he don't udnerstand.
:P.
You have to be lvl 80 to start the PoF story, I thought.
I made this [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Guildwars2/comments/9bxdf9/before_i_make_the_dive/) yesterday after a bit of research.
Decided to go all in and bought both expansions after reaching level 10.
I skipped HoT because there's a bit of a grind to get the glider, I just did the 1st part of PoF for the mount.
The mount certainly helps getting around specially since I'm a completionist and traversing zones without it takes too long.
I stopped at level 20 yesterday.
Continuing today, game feels like a good mix of RIFT and TERA.
Also has an action cam.
Good time to get into the game imo.
I see a lot of BDO refugee posts.
The starter zones are decently populated like it's a month old game.
Not quite like a new game but there's always 1-3 people wherever I went to.
Playing a DW dagger Elementalist.
Decent mobility and there's a passive on a skill that increases move speed by 25%.
Unlike other games you can move while casting/channeling and it's a better experience.
you aren't supposed to have a mount the first time you go through the leveling experience.
He can also use the boost to test the base classes before deciding.
the regular way, but the current way for new players is to have a veteran player start pof, open instance and finish it.
you can make a level 2 have mount like that and with language change they can avoid spoilers.
Worth noting that Movement speed increases are capped at 33% out of combat and 100% in combat with only the highest one counting at all.
There are exceptions, but general advice: Don't take signets to increase your movement speed after figuring out how to gain swiftness at 100% uptime (atleast if you actually want to take the effort to maintain it).
Honestly if he came from
Bdo he will prolly get bored of gw2... so use boost if ur starting to get bored or use boost and then go back later.
But we can also agree on that the level experience got a bit dated over the years.
Even Arena Net pushes people to use the 80 boost and start with PoF (not HoT).
Some aspects of leveling are just not funny at all.
At least  not if you don't care for exploration and only want to do the story or get to 80 asap.
This.
I did this with a guildmate.
Really recommend.
For some reason I feel like i received a 5 star amazon review XD.

Summary: 
I did this with a guildmate.
nope, he can get the mount without using the boost.
Dont use the boost, thief is most mobile.
second on don't use the boost *yet*.
i play very mobile classes in bdo.
&amp;#x200B;

i also have the 80 boost if that helps.
