Original Response: 
Not today, but about a month ago.
The shame has only died down enough to talk about it.
My husband works night shifts at the hospital a lot and so his schedule can be off even when he doesn’t work.
This means he does a lot of house chores and errands at weird hours.
He has lived in the city quite a while, where I moved here while he finishes school from a town in Wyoming where we don’t lock our doors and our bikes sit on our lawns.
We are getting ready to sell my Outback as we only have one parking spot here and I have a motorcycle so for the most part I can just use his car if I need to otherwise I can just take the bike.
The night before the fuck up, my husband had used my car to go the hardware store to go get some hooks.
So, the fuck up - I was in line for the car wash the next morning with my dog in the back seat when I noticed this thing that looked like a squirt gun.
“Cute”!
I think.
I pick it up.
It says, “Pepper Blaster”.
“Wow, it’s an spice grinder for camping, cool”.
So I put the “spice gun” to my hand and press the trigger thinking I’ll get a spritz of salt and pepper.
WRONG.
Apparently pepper spray comes in gun form.
It’s like a spring goes off and all of a sudden I’m covered in red.
Did I shoot myself?!
Is this blood?
I’m dying??
And I’m sneezing.
My dog is sneezing.
And I’m trapped in the car wash line with no escape.
Then my face starts to burn.
And I look up and the red is all over the headliner.
Somehow I go through the wash and drive home.
Anyway,  it resulted in me having my face in a bowl of milk and more than 4 hours of scrubbing the top off the car.
I paid $200 to get the car head to toe detailed and It’s better but still there.
They said I might be able to use a special technique to paint so I may try it out on the sun visor.
I’m an idiot.
I still pretend to blame my husband for leaving it there.
TLDR: husband leaves pepper spray gun in car and grown woman pepper sprayed herself probably making it infinitely harder to sell her previously pristine car.
[the damage](https://imgur.com/gallery/Vx0g1jP)

Edit: [current state](https://imgur.com/a/geAtg0Q) 

Edit 2: [the gun now has a place in the spice rack ](https://imgur.com/a/bo1NFFG) 

Edit 3: for all those asking Bagel Dog is more than fine [and as spoiled as ever](https://imgur.com/a/nQ7DJA9)
Is the dog okay?
Yes here he is.
I do doggy daycare.
He’s the one on the left that looks like a dingo.
Someone dumped him from their truck as a puppy in Wyoming off the reservation, so he’s a sturdy boy.
[Bagel Dog](https://imgur.com/a/2VhAbIx)
What a good boy.
SO MANY CUTE DOGGOS.
[deleted]
The real question.
I'm so jealous you have a doggy daycare.
I do doggy daycare and doggy hiking.
I decided I didn’t want to work in front of a computer anymore so I’ve been building some clients the past month.
My husband is very supportive and ok with our income drop so I am a happy girl.
looks like you need more couches or another dog bed.
I have more they just like to sleep near me.
And yes I’d love a house with more space and a yard but in Salt Lake City the market is out of control right now.
🙄 there's a word for those things.
It's called a "dog".
Puppers.
Go away.
Goggies.
Tinies.
Bubbas.
Silvers.
Hounds.
Furry tw@tbags.
🙄 there's a word for you.
you're called an asshole.
He is the spiciest of bois now.
He just can't stop meme-ing with the dankest stuff out there.
I think you spelt 'doggo' wrong?
Listen, as pedantic as I like to be, you're just ruining the fun.
What breed is the one on the left?
Looks like a blond german shepard .
Really!
My immediate thought was, "Forget about the hooman, IS THE FREAKIN' DOG OK?!???"
He’s a cattle dog, Aussie, German Shepherd mix.
I did one of those funny dog dna tests it was awesome.
Can’t believe someone would dump this boy.
Thanks for that wonderful insight u/ieathairpussy  

WTF is hair pussy anyway?
Is that anything like a hair doll?
You been robbing hair from your crush's brush and making a munching carpet you freak?
Fremont county?
I've lived next to the res my entire life and know exactly how rough dogs have it out there.
Good on you for making one's life better.
[removed]
Yeah!
It is nuts with dogs out there.
They are a different species of tough.
Never had a dog as sturdy,independent, or as active as him.
That is so cool and I bet he has a ton of love to give.
My retirement goal is to have a piece of land large enough to foster a bunch of dogs in connections with LPC, to try to do something about the dog population out there.
I love bagel dogs and I love your dog.
r/woosh.
Wow he look a lot like my sister's dog that was also ironically found a stray.
They're good dogs, Brent.
How do you know?
Could be a poorly trained dog...
[removed]

Summary: 
It is nuts with dogs out there.
I have more they just like to sleep near me.
And I look up and the red is all over the headliner.
I love bagel dogs and I love your dog.
I do doggy daycare and doggy hiking.
I think you spelt 'doggo' wrong?
Never had a dog as sturdy,independent, or as active as him.
Could be a poorly trained dog...
He’s the one on the left that looks like a dingo.
I did one of those funny dog dna tests it was awesome.
I still pretend to blame my husband for leaving it there.
looks like you need more couches or another dog bed.
Somehow I go through the wash and drive home.
