Original Response: 
I posted this in r/casualuk yesterday and it went down pretty well, and a couple of posters convinced me to post it here.
Apologies if this is overkill and you've already read it!
And honestly, I don't know if it qualifies as a TIFU, so I am sure the mods will decide.
Be gentle, mods...
Anyway, a very English break-in story is pasted below...
I may have over-egged the detail, so this story is quite long.
The detail is pretty accurate, cos I made notes immediately after the event, and I've tried really hard to be honest and not embellish too much!
On the first day of moving into my new house back in April of 2015, my neighbour came to introduce himself - and it wasn't long before I deduced that he was in the drug-dealing business.
I initially thought that wasn't so bad, I like a smoke from time to time and having him next door could be useful.
Even if I went back in time right now to warn myself, there's no way I could convey how wrong I was... 
  
Now 2015 was otherwise known as the worst year of my life.
It certainly wasn’t what Back To The Future had let me to expect.
After losing my dad to cancer, my sister having a miscarriage and my BBQ exploding on my birthday gathering, I was beginning to think my luck would have to turn soon.
It was August, the summer was ending and nothing bad had happened for two whole months…
  
I’d been up late watching It Follows, and not being much of a horror fan, I was suitably creeped out.
And slightly high.
My girlfriend had come home late from a work function and had gone straight to bed, and at about 12.30am I went up there too.
It’s probably worth explaining that this house has three floors.
The ground floor has an entrance, spare room and stairs, the first floor is the kitchen and living room, and the top floor is the bedroom and bathroom.
It’s one of three houses in a little mews in a leafy Sussex village.
I went to bed and was soon drifting off.
About 15 minutes later I heard some banging.
I didn’t pay it much mind, assuming that watching a horror movie before bed had made me oversensitive.
So I started to go back to sleep.
The next memory I have is of shouting.
Lots of shouting.
The bedroom door burst open, and a group of large figures stormed in, brandishing crowbars.
I remember screaming in that way you try to in a dream, when nothing comes out.
I also recall spinning around slightly so as to block my girlfriend, an incredibly sweet and innocent creature who had barely witnessed a crime in her life.
I thrust out my legs, kicking one of them in the crown jewels firmly.
This led the ring leader to crack me on the legs with a crowbar, telling me in no uncertain terms to not do that again.
So now there are at least four men lined up alongside my side of the bed.
Maybe five.
Hard to tell, I didn't get to put my glasses on.
My girlfriend is screaming, they’re all shouting, and I’m incredibly confused.
The ringleader then demands that I give him the bag of money.
“What money!
?” I asked.
“Give us the fucking bag of money, we know you’ve got the bag of money!” the ringleader repeats.
Several times.
“I don’t have a bag of money,” I explained.
It’s hard to remember the order of events, but I do know one thing for sure - Tom Cruise popped into my head.
The previous night I was watching Mission: Impossible 3.
I do like that film, and I had it on in the background while I did the washing up.
I remember pondering the scene where Ethan Hunt’s wife has a gun to her head.
“I want to give you what you want, but you’ve got to do what’s right!” exclaimed Hunt.
Hmmm.
I wonder if the screenwriter had researched this dialogue.
Is this what you are supposed to say in a hostage crisis?
Well, it apparently sewed a seed, because I found myself repeating those words.
“I don’t have a bag of money.
I want to get you what you want, but you have to do what’s right and leave this poor girl alone,” are the words that came, strangely confidently, out of my mouth.
“Yeah?
Well we know you sold drugs to my daughter!” said the one I considered to be the sidekick.
“Nah nah nah, it was my sister,” said the ringleader in correction.
This exchange told me two things - one, they did not have a particularly good grasp of what their plan was, and two, they were after my neighbour.
For my neighbour is a drug-dealing maniac.
A weird guy from Essex.
He’s in his mid-30s, about 5’8” with light blonde hair and eyebrows to match.
He’s skinny and zany, usually hopping from one foot to the other as he tries to keep his excessive energy in check.
He smokes weed from 7am, and boxes on his outdoor punchbag whenever the weed isn’t enough to keep his energy in check.
Sometimes he can be seen in the communal car park making things.
[Like the time he made a wooden triangle](https://i.imgur.com/2E6FGuw.jpg).
Or he juggles balls with his dogs, or he shadow boxes.
You know, the usual things you expect to see your neighbour doing at literally any hour of the day or night.
Still, realising that the intruders were in the wrong house, I wasn’t entirely keen on sending them next door.
As much as I disliked my neighbour, I didn’t think he deserved a group of masked men storming in.
So I continued to try and talk these people out of the house.
“I’m not a drug dealer, so I’ve no idea what you’re talking about.
There’s a couple of Macbooks downstairs, sixty quid in my wallet, an iMac… whatever you want, just take it and go mate.”
  
Hearing this offer, the ringleader realised I was being compliant.
And if I was willing to give up a few grands worth of computers, why wouldn’t I just give him the bag of money he was seeking?
Slowly, the cogs turned.
“Is this number 27?” he demanded to know.
“The whole area is.”
  
“Yeah but is this number two, twenty seven Acacia Avenue?”
  
“No, it’s number one.”
  
“WE’VE GOT THE WRONG HOUSE!”
  
The realisation was startling.
They all shouted.
One guy had been searching every room, cupboard and drawer.
He had given up already.
One or two of the others went down stairs to get him, leaving me and my GF with the ringleader and his sidekick, a guy I suspected was far darker in soul than the guy doing all the talking.
“Right, you can’t call the cops or we’ll come back.
We know where you live!” The sidekick said.
Emboldened by the realisation that these guys were morons, I laughed.
“You seriously think I won’t call the cops?
Best I can do is give you a thirty second head start.”
  
He didn’t like that, so he took my phone.
Good, I thought.
I’ll track that fucker.
Sadly, I later discovered, he threw it behind my sofa on his way out of the house.
The ringleader then apologised.
He said they were looking for someone else, and there had been a mix up.
I said something along the lines of “well I am glad we sorted that out.” At which point he shook my hand, told me he hoped my GF would be ok, and forced the sidekick to leave with him.
I picked up the bed and jammed it against the door, and enveloped my traumatised girlfriend in a big hug and told her it was over.
Which it almost was.
Little did we know, the morons had decided to try again, this time knocking my neighbour's door in and storming his house.
But he was in the kitchen, so they went flying past him, up to the bedroom where they found his girlfriend.
My neighbour, being the kind of guy he is, then jumped out of the window, abandoned his GF, ran to my front door and stormed into my home.
“THE-GO-KID!
THE-GO-KID!
THERE ARE PEOPLE IN MY HOUSE!” He screamed.
“No shit,” I responded.
“Why do you think my fucking door is wide open?”
    
I went out to meet him while talking to the police on my GF’s phone.
He grabbed a knife from my kitchen, the phone from my hand, and went after them.
I decided I was done, went back to enjoy the barricade of the bedroom.
It took the police a while to turn up, because the genius neighbour of mine told them they had guns, so we had to wait for armed response.
Eventually, my GF and I cautiously walked down to the living room.
The police eventually arrived, but they knew it was too late.
So they stood outside our houses having a chat and a bit of a laugh.
It’s likely to be the only time I tell four men with machine guns to shut the fuck up.
The rest of the night was a mess of police as they took statements, searched for evidence and quizzed my neighbour about, yes, the bag of money.
They were convinced they could bust him for something, as they had wanted to for some time.
Turns out he had broken his foot when he leapt from the window, and so he was carted off in an ambulance.
As the stretcher went past me in the car park, he tried to talk to me.
“Go Kid!
I just want to say one thing mate!
I just want to say one thing!” He screamed.
“Neighbour, you’re not physically capable of saying just one thing.”
  
The police, who knew him all too well, erupted in laughter.
This humiliation would haunt him for some time.
Eventually I heard that my neighbour had claimed it was all because of an instagram picture he had posted on Facebook, and he thought he knew the ringleader.
A scumbag he’d recently connected with on FB.
He gave the police two weeks to charge the guy.
To the credit of the police, they arrested him but didn’t have the evidence to charge him.
About a month later, my neighbour beckoned me into his garage where he remonstrated with me for blaming him for the ordeal.
“They terrorised us too!” he said.
He then told me he had taken matters into his own hands, dealing with the ringleader himself, putting him in some sort of box and, I presume, torturing him.
He tried to show me some sort of video evidence but I refused to look at it.
"We have to look after our women!"
he said.
He then said that he was aware I had reacted like a pussy when the guys got into my room.
A bit bemused by this, I asked him if it was more gutless to scream or to jump out a window and leave my partner behind.
This enraged him, and we haven't spoken a single word to each other since.
The only stuff that was stolen was money from our wallets and my Leatherman (it had 'That's not a knife' engraved in it).
Nobody was ever charged with the break-in and eventually life went back to normal, albeit with a very expensive new front door.
I moved house this year, so I can only hope I never see my neighbour's face again.
I know some people find this story entirely unbelievable, but [it would appear I’ve got back-up on that front](https://ol.reddit.com/r/CasualUK/comments/9ey4pe/i_endured_the_most_english_home_invasion_ever/e5tap79/) as one of the responding officers is on Reddit and confirmed the story's validity on my original post!
TL:DR - Masked men broke in, stormed my bedroom, realised they got the wrong house, said sorry and broke into next door instead.
Also, my neighbour is a knob.
Edit: I've been encouraged to post this bit of info as well - 
  
The police called it a ‘scum on scum’ attack, and when those inadvertently mess with innocent bystanders, the scumbags are usually apologetic.
They even said “don’t be surprised if you get an anonymous bunch of flowers”.
We didn't, but judging by some of the messages I have received, it really is something that happens.
[removed]
That moment is absolutely, guarnanteed bona fide true.
It really, really upset him.
I know a bunch of British policemen, this is definitely in character.
&gt; The police, who knew him all too well

&gt;I know a bunch of British policemen

You're the fucking neighbor!
Genuinely curious how your sisters miscarriage contributed to the worst year of your life?
Did it really negatively effect you?
[removed]
Don't really see what's so unbelievable about that.
Fair mate.
Just made me laugh because it was a perfect tee up like most storied in that sub “and then they all clapped”.
Great story thanks for the share, glad you didn’t get shot from your bold actions.
It's probably the best one-liner I ever came up with, there's no way I'd forget it!
He did leave himself wide open.
It was the first thing he said when he got me to join him in his garage!
"That thing you said, when I was being wheeled away, why'd you say it?!"
"Cos... it was funny... and I was angry enough to dare to mock you?"
I was pretty scared of him at that point.
Am I missing something, why *wouldn’t* that be heartbreaking?
His sister... presumably someone he is close with... lost a child... her son or daughter died...
I don’t know how many more ...’s I need to communicate how baffled I am by your comment, surely being negatively effected by someone you care about losing a child is the default, it’s abnormal not to be negatively effected.
This would definitely happen with small-town cops too.
Like ooo Old Jerry is back to his old tricks!
That laughters name?
Albert Einstein.
And it really made that guy upset believe you me!
If there’s something we Yanks never have to wait for, it’s an armed response.
Yep, doesn't take long to reach into my bedside drawer!
Technically, in the UK you could legally own a dozen shotguns - it's not that hard to get a licence.
Pistols are definitely off-limits though, so you'd be reaching under the bed rather than in the drawer.
This is why I always want a firearm when I own a house or apartment.
You never know, and usually the threat of a weapon is good enough.
huh, TIL.
i seriously thought all guns were off limits in the U.K.
Yet you need id to buy craft scissors 

🤔.
I'm in the UK.
I keep a Kali stick next to my bed.
My area is pretty safe but you never know.
I have metal weapons, but if rather not risk killing someone in the moment.
I am my armed response.
Castle Doctrine and all.
[deleted]
No you don't.
Source: Live in the UK.
so guns seem pretty useless then.
do they have stand your ground laws in the uk?
like if you did have a shotgun and ammo for it and someone broke into your house and you felt your life was in danger, could you shoot them without getting into trouble?
You're statistically way more likely to shoot a family member with that gun.
But good going.
[Not at all.
](http://www.ukpreppersguide.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/BzYr9RJCMAAMRmw.jpg) Getting a Section 1 Firearm Certificate is a bit of a hassle, but as long as you secure your weapons, and have a good reason for owning them you're alright.
A good reason is normally that you use them for target shooting, or hunting.
Self-defense isn't a valid reason in the eyes of the police.
Yeah, and the UK is under Sharia Law, too 🙄

Less right-wing news is good for the brain.
As someone who lives in the UK, and has fired shotguns in a back yard (albeit very large), ammunition can be purchased normally from a gun shop (yes UK gun shops are a thing) with a firearms certificate.
It is not entirely limited to clubs.
Fuck tha police.
Yes.
The law is such that you can use reasonable force to defend yourself and others.
If you reasonably believe you or another are at risk of serious injury then lethal force can be used.
I'm pretty sure shooting them is not reasonable force.
For example there is a case of a man who waited for burglars in his shed and was convicted for shooting one of them, you can even be sued if someone is hurt robbing you house if they, for example, trip on an unsafe carpet.
Stand your group laws are vastly different from laws we have in the UK, afaik they allow you to use any force to defend yourself when attacked.
It's case by case.
You're supposed to try to not have to shoot, run away, call out, warn them, etc.
Some people take the stand your ground laws to mean they can hide in a room and blast away at anyone on their property.
Not if I live alone.
I see, perhaps it's closer to British law than I first thought.
Surely that's why we Brits saw off the end of the barrels...so they can fit in the sock drawer?
Tony Martin was the farmer who went to prison over shooting someone who broke in, he claims reasonable force.
The law was adapted as a result of a campaign to review the case iirc.
In essence I think that if you have reason to believe that they will shoot you, it's deemed reasonable force.
In that instance the law would see you as innocent until proven guilty and it's down to the burglar to prove it was excessive force (should it go to court of course)
Yes that's my understanding, iirc he'd shot him through the door so had no lag to stand on regarding any claim they might he armed.
That was the worst part, like because the fucking gang of burglars might be armed, the cops took longer to show up.
The police are not here to protect you.
Statistically more likely to shoot yourself?
Being a collector is also a valid reason.
I didnt hear that on the news


I heard that from reddit, and I actually looked it up to verify 


It's been a while, so I don't remember where...but it had nothing to do with 'right wing news'
Feels like a stupid reason.
Criminals rarely, if ever, break the law just once to never do so again.
They hung around to break into another house in the neighborhood.
This is why homeowners want guns.
The arguments that the criminals would have also had guns wouldn't apply here.
They were so poor that they were looking for money and even stole cash out of wallets when they knew they had the "wrong house."
They didn't steal any electronics, because as OP said, they knew they'd be traced.
The robbers wouldn't have been able to afford guns, and if they did, then they would just go through the black market if they couldn't buy legally anyway.
Cops didn't do anything.
Even one of the responders have no idea what happened to them.
Drug dealer's account of torturous revenge can't be verified.
The robbers probably continued to rob people after that.
When I reach into my bedside drawer it’s for a different sort of “armed” response.
I would ask you go tell your fellow citizens that then


Bc I just found multiple things online about people getting id'd when trying to buy craft scissors 


I'm not making this up...and I did not hear about it from the news (right wing or otherwise)


Google "how old do you have to be to buy scissors in the uk" and enjoy.
Wrong comment?
I can't make much sense of what you're getting at here.
Sure you can own them but you can't shoot anyone with them.
[deleted]
Yea that's insane =D lmfao how would you even know what weapons they have on them?
!
They need to be armed?
A big enough dude could kill most women and many men quickly without a gun or other weapon (I'm assuming a bat would also count as being "armed").
In the US all they have to be is a reasonable threat to your life or wellbeing.
So if you're a 5'10" 180lb dude, a 4'10" 95lb woman attacking you unarmed wouldn't be a reasonable threat, but a 6'6" 220lb dude would be.
You’d be amazed at how wrong that is in the UK, or European countries as a whole.
They’re just smarter about letting people buy/carry them than the US.
He fired blindly through a door, it could have been *anyone* on the other side.
If the door had been opened, he’d probably have been fine, legally.
They're in the right place.
They're just an ass.
Most likely, but I genuinely don't know what point they are making.
Guns bad, but sometimes good?
Police useless, life goes on?
Mate, literally 2 miles away from me is a gunshop that sells ammunition readily (if you have the proper license of course).
Quit talking about shit you don't know about.
On the flip side, an armed assailant may not attack you if you’re unarmed.
The second you pull out a gun (or make them think you have one) is the second that they’ll see you as a threat and act accordingly.
Of course, it all comes down to who the assailant is.
[removed]
Why do people believe this?
I've been shooting loads of times with double barrelled shotguns.
If they're armed, I'm assuming I'm going to be shot either way.
Obviously if I don't think I can draw my weapon first then I'm screwed.
Re-reading it, it is sorta all over the place, isn't it?
I declare them to be a confusing ass.
It has been decreed!
[deleted]

So be it!
An ass he is.
Motion carried.
Not if you follow the rules of gun safety.
And if you have electricity in your house you are more likely to be electrocuted.
I don’t think you understand the word “statistically”.
and electricity is  necessary for a modern standard of living.
guns are necessary for... my weird masculine power fantasy?
&gt; weird masculine power fantasy?
What kind of strange world do you live in where that is the only explanation for why a person might want a firearm?
Literally nobody I know with a gun has a "masculine power fantasy".
They don't jerk off to the idea of shooting someone.
They just treat it like the dangerous tool that it is.
Self defense isn't a valid reason?
That is fucking stupid.
That is the highest of reasons.
You are able to use a firearm for self defence so long as it's a life threatening situation and you use reasonable force.
The key point is that self defence cannot be the primary reason for obtaining one of these firearms, as the police would rather have fewer people owning guns.
Self defence is a very broad reason, and would quite rightly be able to be used by anybody, increasing the number of firearms in the country.
Target shooting and hunting are more niche pursuits, so fewer people need to own a gun.
Most people here are happy with the current system, which just goes to show how different the gun culture is to that of the US.
Arguing that UK gun laws are fucking stupid only highlights this difference.
There's nothing inherently wrong with carrying for self defence, but it's a choice that a country can only really make one time.
The US chose differently to the UK when they wrote the 2nd Amendment into the Constitution, and now it would be very difficult (and unpopular) to make any substantial changes to it.
Likewise, any laws that brought UK gun legislation to more closely resemble US law would also be difficult to implement.
Not saying one approach is correct, just opposite sides of the same coin.
There are pros and cons to each, and it all depends on the values and culture of the country in question.
I totally get that it is a cultural difference, its just mind blowing to me.
Myself and the majority of people I know don't go anywhere without carrying.
You never know what could happen, and your life is important, so why not have the ability to defend it in the most effective way?
Haha, same on my end really, just a completely different culture.
I enjoy shooting rifles and shotguns, but handguns creep me out.
Something so small and easy to conceal is capable of doing so much damage, and I just wouldn't be comfortable either carrying myself, or knowing that people around me could be carrying as well.
I barely trust the average driver on the road, and you need a license for that.
I know some states require a permit (depending on if you're open or concealed carrying), but it just takes one idiot with shitty trigger discipline for you to have a very bad day.
&gt; You never know what could happen, and your life is important, so why not have the ability to defend it in the most effective way?
This is a great example of individualism, which is what defines a lot of American culture.
Again, a different side of the same coin to Europe, where society is more collectivist.
More power to you regardless, hope you and yours stay safe, and that you're responsible gun owners.
Second highest.
First is just because you CAN own it, and that should be enough.
You shouldn't NEED a reason to own something.
Agreed, I meant if you HAD to give a reason, which like you said, you shouldn't.
To each their own and all that.
Thanks, you too!
Because the odds of it being used that way are vanishingly small, and the chance it is used in an unintended (read: dangerous, not self-defense) way Is part of that “you never know what could happen” thing.
Not trying to argue, just trying to respond to your question from that perspective.
How so?
Sorry, which part of my post are you referring to...
The entirety.
Are you saying being able to defend yourself is not worth risking a negligent discharge?
Because that is a really shitty line of reasoning.
Guns don't just go off.
This is why I’ll never leave the US.
At least here, you can defend yourself.
&gt;What kind of strange world do you live in 

the United States of America lmao.
Ah UK crime

In the USA they would have been shot the moment they tried to come in.
This is a story I point towards in gun debates.
If this was in the US, it's hard to imagine everybody walking out unscathed.
Most criminals dont try to do a home invasion on people they know are armed.
You might get me but how many of you are not walking out?
And even if you do make it out, you just got cops waiting for ya.
Well either that or the guy who has had a gun in his house for 10 years but never actually spent any time training with it, tries to shoot the interloper, misses and the gets him and his family killer by the likely armed criminals.
Yeah, and if you're a brit who bothers to get a license for a shotgun or something, you can say the exact same thing.
What's the issue?
If you don't remain proficient in a weapon you possess, that's on you

The issue is having the option to even have that weapon.
Right?
I'm in the US and I know folks who are proud to say that they'll kill anybody who breaks into their house.
Sure that gives you some pride and security, but now you're a killer and there are dead dudes who had the wrong house.
Obviously you shouldn't have to deal with folks breaking into your home, but death is a lousy way to deal with that.
Bunch of gun-wielding cowards.
Seriously?
You wouldn't rather roll the dice with you and your families lives than defend your house hold?
Why?
In the US most people wouldn't have even tired this with people home.
They wait until you are not home.
This whole 'defend your household' thing just isn't a regular conversation in the UK.
It's such a different attitude here.
Exactly!
The fact of the matter is that if this happened in America, you're probably dead.
They 100% have guns and will use them out of fear, or you will 100% shoot someone out of fear, then get shot.
Instead you had a polite conversation, which I am reading with the style and voice of Arthur Dent.
Come join us at /r/cricket, you'd fit right in!
That just seems crazy from my point of view.
To submit to Intruders and hope they bring you no harm?
No thanks, you guys do you, I prefer the attitude in the states though.
It's fair to note that the hot burgarlary is substantially lower in the states compared to the UK.
Likely because of the high chance Intruders will be met with force.
So his senario isnt likely to happen here in the first place.
And in his story he said he was hit with a crowbar.
That is not what I would call polite.
I just can't get into the mindset of surrender, submit, and hope for the best.
Because it's not a mindset.
We don't live in fear of dying.
We live our normal lives like you are now (albeit with lower crime rates and lower chances of being killed, and in a country where we spend less of our GDP on healthcare but still have free healthcare, just saying).
It's just that when we are on reddit and see people say they like guns, we look at each other, laugh, and get on with our day.
We don't have some living in fear thing you seem to think we do.
To us, it's just a fact of the matter that guns shoot bullets and kill people.
And we realise that introducing a thing made to kill people into any situation is more likely end up with people being killed...
Y'know that guy who shot up a video game gathering?
With the legally acquired gun?
Where were all the other guns killing him before he killed anybody else?
To us, it's an inevitable outcome proving that a nonsensical argument is nonsensical.
We can't understand your "mindset" of "hopes and prayers", lol.
It's not a "mindset," it's just some meaningless words!
You don't understand what unscathed means.
You got cracked in the knee with a crowbar.
You're no longer unscathed.
Also lucky to be able to walk at all.
In the states we don't sign up to get robbed and we don't care if they are at the wrong house.
Any house is the wrong house and we will shoot intruders.
That doesn't make you a killer, that lets you live without asking for your intruders permission.
Also you can send him to the ER with gunshot wounds and theyll be fine if you dont shoot something vital and they get put away instead of escape to rob more people.
I got a mild whack on my right shin through a duvet that didn’t really hurt.
I think I’ll be the judge of whether I was unscathed thanks very much!
As for your gun fetish... well we don’t kill each other so much so I guess I’m happy to stay here!
[removed]
I don't believe you or I live in fear.
I'm not going to make a psychological asuumtion just because I don't understand your mindset/belief/attitude.
I'm just commenting on the fact that you and the OP seems to think that gang home invasion and being whacked with a crowbar is something trivial, "Polite" even.
And then criticize the US for choosing to have some atonomy of our own defense.
The thought of blindly putting my life into a likely violent persons hands is something I don't understand.
I was about to say you made the wrong choice to post outside of /r/casualuk ... A lot of Americans on here just love the chance to start up a gun debate.
How is any of that a gun fetish?
It's a fact of life.
[Castle Doctrine.
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Castle_doctrine)
Also [Stand your ground.
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stand-your-ground_law)
You guys are in too deep to see the fetish.
[removed]
Except that he had an officer back his story up and he's british, its not out of the realm of possiblity.
They're crazy bastards.
What officer?
u/thedingoismybaby

Here's the link where he backs up his story
https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualUK/comments/9ey4pe/i_endured_the_most_english_home_invasion_ever/e5tap79?utm_source=reddit-android.
Thanks!
I still doubt he was witty with the burglars to the point of laughing at them.
But this more or less co firms the story happened.
Edit: Added more after "thanks."
No problem.
I believe it happened, just not the way he tells it.
And you believe that's not just OP's other account?
Or his story telling buddy?
Come on man...
Well, dingo's account is 6 years old compared to OPs acount which is only a year old.
He posts in the unitedkingdom sub along with the policeuk sub and a look through his comments shows that he actually is a police officer, but maybe ur right and he's just playing the long con.
[removed]

Summary: 
I am my armed response.
Guns don't just go off.
Not if I live alone.
I was pretty scared of him at that point.
I don't believe you or I live in fear.
That is not what I would call polite.
I believe it happened, just not the way he tells it.
The next memory I have is of shouting.
I declare them to be a confusing ass.
I just want to say one thing mate!
I went to bed and was soon drifting off.
Statistically more likely to shoot yourself?
The police are not here to protect you.
So I continued to try and talk these people out of the house.
I just want to say one thing!” He screamed.
I do like that film, and I had it on in the background while I did the washing up.
Most likely, but I genuinely don't know what point they are making.
This is a story I point towards in gun debates.
The ringleader then demands that I give him the bag of money.
That is the highest of reasons.
This is why I always want a firearm when I own a house or apartment.
This is why homeowners want guns.
I can't make much sense of what you're getting at here.
So I started to go back to sleep.
I don’t think you understand the word “statistically”.
Emboldened by the realisation that these guys were morons, I laughed.
How is any of that a gun fetish?
It's a fact of life.
Source: Live in the UK.
Literally nobody I know with a gun has a "masculine power fantasy".
“I don’t have a bag of money,” I explained.
Feels like a stupid reason.
I wonder if the screenwriter had researched this dialogue.
We know where you live!” The sidekick said.
"That thing you said, when I was being wheeled away, why'd you say it?!"
Hard to tell, I didn't get to put my glasses on.
The law is such that you can use reasonable force to defend yourself and others.
I'm pretty sure shooting them is not reasonable force.
Guns bad, but sometimes good?
They need to be armed?
I keep a Kali stick next to my bed.
I know a bunch of British policemen, this is definitely in character.
Why do people believe this?
i seriously thought all guns were off limits in the U.K.
I totally get that it is a cultural difference, its just mind blowing to me.
Am I missing something, why *wouldn’t* that be heartbreaking?
Eventually, my GF and I cautiously walked down to the living room.
And if you have electricity in your house you are more likely to be electrocuted.
so guns seem pretty useless then.
I moved house this year, so I can only hope I never see my neighbour's face again.
do they have stand your ground laws in the uk?
I see, perhaps it's closer to British law than I first thought.
Quit talking about shit you don't know about.
You shouldn't NEED a reason to own something.
Obviously if I don't think I can draw my weapon first then I'm screwed.
It's such a different attitude here.
I enjoy shooting rifles and shotguns, but handguns creep me out.
I remember screaming in that way you try to in a dream, when nothing comes out.
You're statistically way more likely to shoot a family member with that gun.
“You seriously think I won’t call the cops?
