Original Response: 
[deleted]
You'll never get a consensus.
All that matters is they were both fucking unreal and so respected.
Through all the bullshit bad blood between the 2 teams, I don't think anybody ever even laid a finger on either of them.
[deleted]
Sean Avery once tried to chirp Sakic and Hull basically sat him down and said “You do not get to speak to Mr. Sakic.”.
this quote was featured in Letterkenny.
Mr. Sakic has earned our respect schmeltz.
Love this story
Here's the entire quote from Shanahan 

"I remember when I was in Detroit, Sean Avery stood up as Joe Sakic was skating by our bench.
Sean was a young, enthusiastic hockey player who was well liked by us old guys, and as you might know, was known for trash talking.
But when he stood up and yelled, “Hey Sakic!” Brett Hull grabbed him by the back of his sweater and yanked him down on the bench.
Then he said, and I’ll never forget this, “You are not allowed to speak to Mr. Sakic.” And then Sean looked down the bench at the rest of the boys and we all just sort of nodded."
Never ever held a negative attitude about Sakic.
Hated the Avs, absolutely despised Roy and Turtle.
Grudgingly respected Forsberg and Foote.
Would have been thrilled to meet Sakic.
I can’t remember which Red Wing it was, but it was a tougher player - McCarty or Kocur or Lapointe - that said Yzerman and Sakic were off the table.
Fedorov, Shanny, Forsberg, Kamensky, all those guys were at risk of getting their heads punched in but nobody was going to touch the captains.
&gt;Sean was a young, enthusiastic hockey player who was well liked by us old guys 


&gt;&gt;Sean Avery

&gt;&gt;well liked

huh.
thats a new one.
At that time, guys like Shanny &amp; Hull got a kick out of him, and he hadn't gone FULL Avery yet, if that helps.
Lol Turtle.
I've honestly never heard him called that.
Those two brawls are my 2 favorite memories.
never go full avery.

Summary: 
You'll never get a consensus.
Mr. Sakic has earned our respect schmeltz.
Would have been thrilled to meet Sakic.
