Original Response: 
Hi all, I missed the T/T month, but have since managed to get hold of two NA codes.
I’m PAL though, and so can’t redeem them, but I do have the Lati@s WiFi distribution this month, and am offering custom redeems of Latios on Moon, and Latias on Ultra Sun in return for a Tornadus and a Thundurus with photo proof.
I am offering two redeems for each code, or three if you are willing to SR for a Timid nature.
You can also keep the Gold Bottle Cap that comes with the Latias, and I’ll add one to the Latios as well.
I already have a Timid Latios redeemed on Moon with photo proof, and I’ll be able to do one on Ultra Sun within about half an hour, but the rest will take a bit longer because of all the cut scenes that come with starting a new save file.
I also have a lot of PP Max, Gold Bottle Caps, and multiples of each Apricorn ball, and I will be collecting Shiny Poipole codes next week if you want to reserve one of those instead.
Any help would be very much appreciated!
Hi, I have a free slot to redeem a Tornadus in my pokemon moon, I'm interested in a redeem of Latias with a button proof with my username and yours and the summary of the pokemon with the same information.
Let me know if you are interested.
That would be great, thank you!
I’m just heading out to a meal with my family, but I can do that when I get back.
What nature would you like?
Timid is fine, send you the TT code or I misunderstand?
Do you want me to redeem the Latias and send you the proof and then send you the code?
Sorry if I’m being stupid, I haven’t done this before.
Don't worry.
No, I think that is easier that you send me the code, then I can redeem the code for you and then we can send the proofs and next we can trade.
All because I need some time to soft reset the timid nature that you want.
Okay, will do.
I’ll message you with the code in a second.
Code received!
Proofs received and sent.
I'm GMT-5, so we can trade tomorrow in my morning(your evening).
:)
Sounds good to me, thanks!
:)
I'll be around here to trade, just let me know when you'll be available.
Perfect, I’ll head online now.
Great, I'm adding you.
By the way, could you download the proofs?
I forgot to change the privacy of the folder, but now is fixed :)
Okay, will do.
Thank you so much for that!
:)
Thank you as well!
!

Summary: 
Thank you so much for that!
I’ll message you with the code in a second.
Timid is fine, send you the TT code or I misunderstand?
Do you want me to redeem the Latias and send you the proof and then send you the code?
That would be great, thank you!
