Original Response: 
i honestly wanted to buy one to take out all the pages and paste them on my wall as one big ass singapore map.
has anyone done it before, and is it possible to actually do it?
During the army days, some people have done that for tabletop exercise.
Your wall is big enough or not?
i am pretty sure i can cover the mainland but not sure about the islands.
each page are printed double side, so you need two books.
So good.
My hdb might not even cover Sentosa.
Street Directory actually sell the whole map of singapore, its very detail, you can even see the road name and every hdb blk number.
But its very expensive, a small poster map 1m x 0.6m cost S$450.
Buying one book wont complete the map as every page has two zoomed maps, so you need two.
did before for my army unit.
its a little frustrating cos the edges do not 100% match up.
You have any link for that map?
I want to buy one but not sure where to.
http://wallmaps.streetdirectory.com.
Go to any transport unit and you'd already see a map on the wall.
They had different scales for different pages, iirc.
There were probably 2-3 different scales?
At least for the later versions (2003+).
I have them forsale.
I have thought of doing this for many years.
It's not technically difficult; it's just the whole board will have a length of around 4 metres.
The boards can be bought at Art Friend.
The only thing stopping me is 'updates'.
I'm not sure if a page 10 of this edition will show exactly the same location of a page 10 in next year's edition.
If not, this big project won't be updatable easily.
I kena my encik tell me to make detailed maps of routes to other air base and some other camps, I remember not sleeping the previous night because it's a weekend duty, normally damn slack one.
Suddenly my encik drove in and asked for the duty driver(Which was me, sadly) to plan the routes all based on the street directory.
Poor me had to continue to plan out the routes, page numbers from the directory, for approval.
After the whole thing was done, we photocopied out the affected pages and taped them together, forming a map, but of the routes.
I then used string to map out the routes on the jigsaw map..

Nightmare of a task, but it was Hella memorable, when I visited after I ORD-ed the map was still flapping there on the noticeboard lol.
I can imagine the map flapping around like a fish out of water 😂.
[deleted]
Can confirm, my transport unit had a whole wall taken up by the map in the Ops room.

Summary: 
You have any link for that map?
I want to buy one but not sure where to.
did before for my army unit.
I have thought of doing this for many years.
Your wall is big enough or not?
