Original Response: 
A little bit of backstory and then the juicy stuff

I have a condition called uterus didelphys.
This means my reproductive system is split down the middle by a septum, creating two sides to everything.
Two vaginal canals, two cervixes, two uteri, which lead to their own fallopian tube and ovary.
Having sex for the first time BEFORE surgery was very worrisome, I was worried the septum in my vagina would tear and to be quite honest, sex didn't feel good for me.
I never came vaginally and looking back, I understand why I didn't.
At the end of July I decided to have the septum retracted in my vagina to form one canal.
The surgery was non-invasive but the recovery period was about a month and a half.
During this time I completely evaded my vagina, I masturbated very infrequently, and going off to college and leaving my boyfriend reaffirmed that I wouldn't be having sex for a while.
Flash forward through a breakup, some tears, and a lot of confusion and I found myself a really great guy.
I told him about my situation and how I needed my "first second time" to go slow because I wasn't sure if there would be pain, how it would feel, if I could get hurt, etc.
SO, we had sex last night/this morning, and LEMME TELL YOU SOMETHIN.
I FEEL LIKE A BRAND NEW WOMAN!
I essentially lost half of my virginity because like damn I was missing out.
Compared to before I had surgery, the feeling I had during sex was about 10-20% of the feeling now.
And he was able to get to my G-Spot!
AND I CAME VAGINALLY FOR THE FIRST TIME DURING SEX!!!
If you took all of the times I had sex before the surgery and added them up, they wouldn't add up to how last night felt.
It got to the point where it felt so good that it hurt because I wasn't used to how much feeling I had down there.
Also I think I might've squirted but I'm honestly not sure, but when I came it was like a whoosh of wet from the top of my vagina.
So yeah.
That's basically it.
I'm just hella happy because I now have access to a whole other side of my vagina and I have a great person to work out the kinks with.
Thank you for coming to my TED talk!
I had (have?)
uterus didelphys too!
But I had the septum removed before I lost my virginity because I had a huge ovarian cyst blow up one fallopian tube so they found my condition pretty early and decided to fix it.
Do you have one kidney too?
Also, congrats on the great sex!
haha

&amp;#x200B;
It’s interesting you mention the kidney.
I also have uterus didelphys, but I was born with 3 kidneys.
Ohh yeah!
Wanna share?
I only have one haha The uterus and kidneys are developed at the same time in the womb so I think its common with people that have a didelphys uterus!
Do your kidneys function any different?
For the two on one side, are they full sized?
I didn’t know that, about them forming at the same time!
Kinda makes sense now.
I had two one one side, they were malformed and lost function when I was around 8 and had to get them removed.
I only have one now!
Oh wow that's crazy!
Do you find you have problems with your blood sugar at all?
You won the kidney jackpot!
Spares for days!
I have a bicornuate uterus and I only have ONE kidney!
I’m so happy to “meet” you!
Lol 

So Interesting.
HEY!
haha nice to meet you too!
How did you find out about your condition?
I found out during my first pregnancy.
I always had horrible periods, but truly had no idea why.
What about you?
Ohh glad you could get pregnant!
it was when I had a huge ovarian cyst that blew out a fallopian tube.
Do you have problems with your blood sugar?
No I have two kidneys thankfully!
I have PCOS and a retroverted uterus.
I too have kidney function issues (born with 2 kidneys though), and have problems with my blood sugar.
I thought I was the only one!
SCORE!
haha.
I do have symptoms of hypoglycemia occasionally, but it has not been officially diagnosed.
I don’t have diabetes, either, which is usually the cause.
I guess sometimes my blood sugar just dips.
I have symptoms of hypoglycemia like every day!
I dont have diabetes either, I've been tested a few times.
I always blame it on having one kidney, just thinking I process things differently or the way my blood filters does something.
But idk, I just made that up.
Yes, I actually had 3 successful pregnancies.
I did have a lot of complications, but I now have 3 healthy little boys :) 

Ya know, I haven’t noticed any issues with my blood sugars, however my doctor did mention that to me when I learned about my condition.
And yikes about the ovarian cyst!
What a way to find out!
I’m sure that was insanely painful.
Consider pancreatic issues.
The pancreases produces insulin, the overproduction of which *could* be causing the hypoglycemia.
Another organ closely involved is the liver, which could be withholding glycogen stores.
Only 2 of many possible causes.
Yeah I was going to talk to my doc about that.
My grandma told me a couple months ago my grandpa had pancreatic cancer.
I thought it was heart disease or something.
Oh yeah!
I went to the E.R.
like 6 times before they figured it out.
They kept sending me home saying it was kidney disease or constipation.
NOPE!
finally some nurse figured it out and I was rushed into emergency surgery.
Good.
Considering all the various effects this condition seems to have it’s not a bad idea to follow up with your doctor for any unusual symptoms.

Summary: 
I only have one now!
I thought I was the only one!
I went to the E.R.
Do you have one kidney too?
I have a bicornuate uterus and I only have ONE kidney!
I found out during my first pregnancy.
I have PCOS and a retroverted uterus.
No I have two kidneys thankfully!
But idk, I just made that up.
I didn’t know that, about them forming at the same time!
Do your kidneys function any different?
I also have uterus didelphys, but I was born with 3 kidneys.
You won the kidney jackpot!
