Original Response: 
Devil's advocate: why are people making fun of him?
As long as he's not doing on public streets, I don't see a problem with trying stunts.
If you're not "failing", then it's probably because you're not trying to push your envelope.
Here's what he's trying to accomplish (by Sarah Lezito):

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYPfVb9Nt4Y

And the way you get to the above is by falling on your ass countless times:

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IufNCz_moc

In the OP's GIF you'll notice "Ninja" on the gas tank of the motorcycle: I'm guessing he's riding a Kawasaki 636, which is the same bike as Lezito used to ride).
It's quite popular with the stunt bike crowd AFAICT.
I think this is a case of play stupid games win stupid prizes.
This is just me personally but I think tricks are dumb, "look Ma, no hands" was fun when I was 9 but now I just want to ride.
Also, if these dingus' are trying to "push their envelope" and learn new things then why don't they wear more protective gear?
Hard to do dank whoolies after you smash your elbow into the asphalt.
I pretty much expected him to fall, mostly because stunts are difficult.
It's the unexpected part after that made it funny.
Great video's, thank you.
I feel the same way.
You seen that wilp smith video about him speaking on failing?
Because this is r/motorcycles 

Fun is banned here.
AGATT and high viz 24/7 bro.
Don’t you dare take one hand off your bars for one second you fucking squid.
They're not making fun of him per se but rather the situation.
The funnier bit is the second guy falling too for no real reason than the sheer surprise his friend fell off the bike too.
They're probably ok.
&gt; Also, if these dingus' are trying to "push their envelope" and learn new things then why don't they wear more protective gear?
Hard to do dank whoolies after you smash your elbow into the asphalt.
The first guy looks be be wearing back protector.
Given the low speeds, I don't think they're worried about road rash, and given it looks like they're in the desert, it's probably damn-hot.
Though personally I'd be wearing something like a Revit Bison overshirt to at least protect against (elbow) bumps.
I personally think that we shouldn’t criticize him for doing stunts and messing up, but we should still make fun of him for falling off it because it’s fun.
I read this in Yammie Noob's voice.
Schadenfreude is fun.
Especially as it applies to the 2nd dude.
And to be fair in either persons situation i would be laughing hysterically at myself.
I have a couple (seemingly rational)  issues with it:

1)  If you're going to practice tricks, wear gear appropriate for the trick.
I'm not here to sing the song of ATGATT, but if you're going to be practicing a move where you're standing on top of the bike, maybe more than a t-shirt is a good idea.
I hang out with a bunch of guys who stunt around, and if they're working on something they don't normally do, they'll gear up with either a back protector, elbow armor, etc depending on what they're doing which seems like common sense.
2)  I can't tell if this is a public road or not.
If it's not, I'm completely okay with practicing there.
If it is, this is actually the poster child for not practicing on a public road.
Unmanned motorcycle missions in traffic are really, really bad.
Gotta find someplace with less chance of causing a bigger issue than a crash.
I'm all for having some fun, and I'm okay with slightly illegal antics on motorcycles because I'd be a huge hypocrite if I weren't.
Also, every time this is reposted, the secondary crash in the background has me laughing my ass off.
What in the hell?
I also ride a vstrom and thats exactly how i first read it!
We're making fun, because it's funny.
Funny because the bike rides on without him.
Yeah that's physics, but sometimes physics is funny.
Funny because his riding partner crashes for no apparent reason.
These two may not be cut out for the stunt rider circuit.
And yeah, you only learn through failing.
But if he's still learning, he should gear up for the inevitable oopsies.
Don't forget stock pipes for everyone!
!
hehehe.
it's basically this: [https://youtu.be/C79n1nkA8To?t=1m18s](https://youtu.be/C79n1nkA8To?t=1m18s)
[deleted]

Summary: 
I feel the same way.
We're making fun, because it's funny.
Funny because the bike rides on without him.
And yeah, you only learn through failing.
If it's not, I'm completely okay with practicing there.
I read this in Yammie Noob's voice.
2)  I can't tell if this is a public road or not.
Devil's advocate: why are people making fun of him?
