Original Response: 
I was raised in CC before leaving for the military but my daughter is with her grandmother visiting the beach this week.
Is the flesh eating bacteria really as big of an issue as I think it is?
I'm not trying to over hype it but just a bit concerned and wondering what ya'll are hearing over there.
btw: GO HORNETS!
I haven't heard as much about it lately but I know some friends have limited their swimming at the beach.
They say as long as you don't have any open cuts or wounds it shouldn't be a problem.
The guy that got it in Port A was a contractor of ours and I dunno it's a little close to home.
I haven't been swimming at the beach since.
From what I've read, Vibrio has always been in the water, and it always will be.Over a million people visit the beaches in the area each year, and it looks like there are only a few cases each year.
So your probability of catching it is practically non existent.
It seems like the people most likely to catch it are older, overweight males, or those with weaker immune systems.
Open cuts or sores are also a bit of a risk, but it seems like if you take a decent shower after swimming and wash out the wounds, you most likely won't catch it.The beaches still seem very busyYour family should be fine.
Don't go in the water if you have open wounds.
You're more susceptible if you are diabetic, smoke, circulatory issues, etc.
It's been in the water for decades, the media is just hyping it up.
It's always been there, but why take chances?
I only fish, but I still carry a bottle of iodine solution with me for any chance wounds.
Generally, it's considered too harsh for open tissue but I'm overly cautious about little nicks and bay water.
At least take some homemade saline to flush out any small cuts that happen and maybe some neosporin.
To help gauge your risk, check texasbeachwatch.org.
they list conditions for all beaches they test quality on.
Thanks, I feel the same way.
Rather not rake the risk.
Open wounds and immunocompromised people, a weakened immune system, are the reason why people get it.
The bay is usually more dangerous and susceptible to it due to not having as much water circulation and fresh nutrients from the river.

Summary: 
Don't go in the water if you have open wounds.
I haven't been swimming at the beach since.
It's always been there, but why take chances?
