Original Response: 
But why can't poor people just inherit their prosperity from their family like the Progressive Conservative's leader did?
If they can't even be bothered to do that, why should they get handouts like a living wage?
Are you demonizing family run businesses?
Really?
No way.
I'm asking why the people working dumb actual jobs weren't smart enough to inherit it like our hash-dealing premier did.
Hell, they don't even supplement their inherited income by dealing hash like our intelligent leader.
All sorts of options available to them and they just sit there and complain about their jobs not paying them enough to afford stuff like living costs.
Losers, amirite?
If they aren't smart and capable and talented enough to push themselves out of the right vagina, why do they deserve handouts like a living wage?
So yes, you are.
You're totally misreading me here.
I have a TON of respect for people who get things in life by being born to the right people.
Working jobs that you have to apply for and actually compete for with other people is for losers.
That's the way we should do things in society.
Why are you trying to put words in my mouth?
[deleted]
Interesting that you picked one party over the others when all their leaders inherited their prosperity from their families.
Well, I was going to sing the praises of Trudeau and his smartness for inheriting his wealth, but then I remembered how _despite_ that, he was dumb enough to not just get a normie job, but _two_ of them!
Snowboard instructor?
Teacher?
Like shit man, that's a poor person loser job.
How could we even trust his judgement after that?
That guy is even worse than the normie job-working losers.
He was too stupid to realize he didn't even need to _GET ONE_.
Teachers make bank my man.
&gt; Teachers make bank my man

Not enough to earn my respect.
It's not inherited money - so why should we respect it?
He inherited enough from his dad to make him a millionaire, and his public speaking gigs keep him wealthy, fear not!
&gt; He inherited enough from his dad to make him a millionaire

That's what I'm saying - and he was _still_ stupid enough to get a "job" like the rest of the loser normies.
You can't respect that, right?
How can you respect that?
He _could_ have been smart like the Progressive Conservative leader Doug Ford, and just worked from the inheritance.
But nah, Trudeau was too stupid for that.
Nice hair though.

Summary: 
How can you respect that?
It's not inherited money - so why should we respect it?
Teachers make bank my man.
You can't respect that, right?
That's the way we should do things in society.
