Original Response: 
'I'm on it!'
Who tf pulls off in the fast lane?
Someone who would pull onto a highway from a blind spot.
Who the fuck builds a highway entrance with no merge lane?
All of America needs better highway infrastructure and much better driver's education.
And we all know we can't depend on other drivers to not hit us, so we need to be more cognizant and not hang out in dangerous portions of the road.
Or... stop in the fast lane for any reason.
The idiot cops around me, stop people in traffic lanes all the time despite never being more than a few hundred feet of a parking lot.
Yo for real though, merge lanes from that side are scary as hell.
I can never trust anyone to not use that as an excuse to gun it and try to merge whether it’s clear or not.
People are allergic to stopping and taking a second to assess the road and a merge lane seems to give them the excuse to just not stop.
Not saying it doesn’t work it’s just so rare we get that lane (at least in my area of the US) that people don’t know how to use it.
Conversely, people love to come to a stop in the merge lane to assess traffic before merging from the right about 50 MPH slower than traffic.
It drives me insane, and is definitely not safe.
So yeah, just generally fuck our level of traffic attentiveness and overall driver education.
Yeah it’s different on the other side, you have TONS of time to match speeds and zipper in to traffic.
On the left they are coming almost from a complete stop already

Common sense seems scarce.
Man, I don't even think it's common sense, I think it's a total lack of real driver training.
I live in NC now, and they at least require documented hours, and kids usually go through a driving school/teacher to get some of those hours.
Funny enough, it's easier to get a motorcycle endorsement than it is to get a license, with a written test and a parking lot riding test.
&amp;#x200B;

Florida?
Written test from a booklet which only covers road laws (Which, I didn't study for, passed) to get a permit, and an EASY driving test to get a full license.
I drove twice before I got my license.
I didn't encounter traffic in my driving test.
Crazy people.
But also we need to stop calling it the fast lane, it promotes staying in that lane if you feel like you're going fast, which sometimes is not the case.
The far left lane should be called the passing lane, because you use it to pass slow drivers before re-entering the driving lane.
We would not have so much traffic if people did this.

Summary: 
Or... stop in the fast lane for any reason.
I didn't encounter traffic in my driving test.
Who tf pulls off in the fast lane?
We would not have so much traffic if people did this.
