Original Response: 
Duchene will get shit from management for sure.
We will now trade him for peanuts to "clean the locker room".
Exactly.
This is a brilliant move by Duchene: he wants out, so he gives them a perfect excuse.
Get "Attitude is everything" t-shirts, it solves everything.
The other alternative wouldve been to ask for a contract worth more than 2 million dollars.
But that only gets him out by next summer!
This way he may not even have to wait for the deadline, because Melnyk/Dorion can just say he was 'a problem' in order to justify even the most lopsided trade.
"it is.
did you see the Habs record" - Marc Bergevin probably.
Lol, what is management going to do?
They should be sucking Duchene's balls right now trying to give him a reason to re-sign.
They should've with Karlsson even more-so and didn't why would they start respecting their players now?
To the Habs please.
God, that lineup looks so bleak when you take Duchene and Stone away from it.
I hope he has to walk by a large poster of Subban on NHL 19 every day.
I'm sure Duchene would be devastated.
fuck that, Shea's our boi now.
They can suck all they want, but no one in the right mind is going to be re-signing with this team under the current ownership and management.
They've already made it known that they'd rather trade good players than pay them.
Unfortunately and hopefully for not too much longer.
I’ll be honest, it’s a kick in the *knee* for us.
We will trade you a bag of peanuts signed, sealed and delivered by me personally.
Gtfo.
.....a very badly hurt old boi.
I offer a bag of peanuts and an authentic Atlanta Thrashers jersey (the blue one, so it's the good one).
This just in, Chabot, Stone and Tkachuk placed on waivers to get rid of all the "bad seeds" 
:)
?
??
I’m assuming that’s directed to broken down Shea and his bloated, albatross of a contract, right?
To the sharks.
Duchene for conditional 7th confirmed.
It's an AHL roster in the wrong league.
Take the team away from him.
I wouldn’t be surprised if Dutchy asked for a trade TBH.
He doesn’t want to be stuck in a rebuild like we were in the past and wanted to play Playoff Hockey.
No fucking way he’ll resign with Ottawa.
Never thought Duchene would turn into a mercenary but it sure is looking like it.
LOL too soon.
Something something “wanted to have played more than 8 playoff games at this point in my career” something something.
I kinda wonder if the guy is just cursed.
Possibly, I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s like a journeyman Shane Doan.
This isn't a team.
But that was a reason for optimism!
!
This is a team like Kawhi Leonard is a fun guy.
you can still be optimistic about not being a team!
&gt; This isn't a team

...it's a space station?
It's a god damn arms race (to the bottom).
It's too big [of a shitstorm] to be a space station.....
[It's definitely a sandwich.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DvnOYZnlns)
(without the pick so you can't call it tanking)
Don't talk shit about my boi Kawhi.
Honestly he seems like a cool and pretty normal guy.
Just doesnt love public speaking and the limelight.
They're just trying to get the highest possible second rounder.
It's almost a first.
:) *Hehe.
* :| He-HAW ha.
:| Ha.
- Kawhi.
To be fair to Dorion, he didn't say it was a *good* team.
thank you for introducing me to this band

This is fantastic lmao.
it's a tomb.
[deleted]
[deleted]
So what are we... some kinda suicide squad?

Summary: 
Take the team away from him.
Duchene will get shit from management for sure.
you can still be optimistic about not being a team!
This is a team like Kawhi Leonard is a fun guy.
Lol, what is management going to do?
fuck that, Shea's our boi now.
&gt; This isn't a team

...it's a space station?
I'm sure Duchene would be devastated.
Duchene for conditional 7th confirmed.
But that only gets him out by next summer!
