Original Response: 
Getting a better understanding of why people don't do WvW.
Lack of progression.
I really, really want the high-ranked WvW armors, but the time investment required is ridiculous.
I got one of the first Envoy's Herald but still the time commitment to that is not even close to those armors.
Whether you are a veteran or a novice, you just can't feel motivated chasing those armors if you are not ready to invest months and months into WvW alone.
This is just not the right time to require that kind of investment into an MMo, nor new people will be even get interested into it.
Wxp gain is just too low to feel the natural progression which are WvW abilities, even if many of them are not that useful.
Still, they are the progression sense we got and still the rewards are not even close to other game modes.
I like WvW, really, but not enough to play thousands of hours for a single armor set nor weeks to complete a WvW ability.
This.
The time required to reach most goals is stupid.
just use candy corn gobbler to stack exp boost.
btw as someone who joined to get those shiny armors)but stayed for the fun and community) i can tell you they're pretty shit once you have them and see that you can't mix and match because of the dumb blue glow.
It would take about 3h per day of wvw ,for 21 weeks to get a full legendary armor from wvw.
Granted it wont have the rank 2000 skins.
Boosts should be an extra.
I feel reasonable progress when I use them all and I did during the double-xp weekend.
That is wrong imo.
Not even all 3 Leg Armors from Raids require that witch such a lack of rewards.
I dunno about Fractal God requirements, which really is long-termn, but maybe it's even closer to that.
Assuming you're right and that you're playing that sole game-mode 3h everyday ( which is pretty insane ), always finding a zerg to follow, don't you think 400+h is still asking too much compared to all the other legendaries ingame?
I think fractal god, assuming you start from 0 currency, is something around 9 months of doing CMs+T4+recs everyday.
Source: [wiki](https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/Account_Augmentation#Notes).
Could be true, yeah.
And assuming it's true, you can engage fractals for less than 2hours per day if you get good enough.
Still, you reap a lot of rewards along the way ( which WvW severely lacks ) and it's not that far from almost 6 months required for the WvW armor.
Yet, Fractal God is just a title, like Envoy's Herald.
It's not a Legendary skin tied to an extenuous time investment like the WvW armors.
This is why I find WvW a good game mode that made the lack proper progression its major flaw.
I second this.
Recently I've set my goal to obtain full set Legendary armor.
Since I don't raid, PvP and WvW were my options.
And while I can get necessary items only on seasons in PvP, it takes one-two weeks of casual play.
Few rounds here and there and I can easily obtain it, not to mention that I can log in and do it pretty much whenever I want.
In WvW however you not only do you need to get to at least lv 3 participation, you have to hold it to actually get pips.
That means one-two hour sessions with minimal breaks.
Sessions I need to plan ahead.
I was not arguing or whatever I was only adding some info for Fractal God obtention since you said you were not sure how long it takes.
Fractal God is a bit more than a title, it gives a bit of extra reward and damage which may be appreciated form people who run them often.
Assuming you kill all 17 bosses every week the 3 PvE leg armors take you 11 months (let's add a month to round it up to 1 year because you can't hop in raid and get 17LIs on the 1st week if you've never done any before and don't have a ludicrous amount of money to spend :p).
The other balance you find is that, while WvW armor takes longer to make because of the tickets there is no real barrier/threshold that could prevent you from getting those tickets except time spent compared to raid where it's not realistic to assume you can get up one day and get your 17LIs per week instantly (this is not a value/skill comparison or anything, just some facts).
In addition to that PvE leg armor is a bit more expensive than the WvW one in term of materials (especially if you factor in provisionner tokens) and stuff to do outside of raids (HoT currency and map-specific item like Chak eggs).
I was not attacking you either in any way, I was just adding to what you said, really :-)

About the armors, I was comparing the time engagement and accomplishment.
Envoy's Herald is just a title, nothing that adds to the account.
Fractal God adds those perks you said, yeah.
Comparing the Raid Armor to the WvW one, however, is about the time engagement.
Doing the first armor is pretty accessible for anyone into Raids.
The weekly timegate is fair once it's not too long nor too intense during the week itself.
I think that a raider beginner would get his first Leg Armor in about 4 months.
However, the engagement could only be about 3-6 hours per week, comparing to the WvW one which was said it's every single day.
That's really a lot.
Also the top WvW armor is tied to ranks which are very slow and with about 2-3 levels per hour ( if you're constatly lucky ), that's about 800h+ from scratch.
I think that some side activities would not hurt any legendary acquirement, btw.
Still WvW is by itself lacking a proper reward/progression system so even the final goal is seen by most as something ridiculous.
There was a time when I thought about getting that legendary wvw armor, but the amount of time is just stupid.
And if I want those wvw weapon skins, I'll have to spend years on grinding pips.
It is absolutely ridiculous.
Even I got demotivated and don't give a shit about those tickets any more.
[deleted]
We don't use brackets as emotes outside Russian speech, don't blow your cover.
The T2 ascended armour (triumphant heroes) can be upgraded to legendary.
The 2K rank chestpiece has that tentacle aura you see.
It's ascended, not legendary.
The difference is that fractals and raids requires some effort and skill to progress.
WvW gear can  be obtained semi-afk regardless of how bad you are.
Yup, I would summarize it all up to the rewards suck for the time required.
It saddens me to read this, not because I think you’re wrong (you’re not) but because we play for different reasons, and with it value different things and with different perspectives.
That by itself is innocent enough- who dares speak ill of the [achiever player](https://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/134842/personality_and_play_styles_a_.php) archetype!
But please consider this: what if the crown jewels of WvW are NOT the legendary back piece and the ascended skins but instead the actual combat experience and the friendships you form?
As someone who’s passionate about the WvW scene, the overwhelming majority of players I interact with that continue to hop into WvW despite all its flaws and shortcomings fall into that latter crowd.
They prefer the intrinsic value of having fun through glorious combat, lame jokes in Discord, silly portal bombs that shouldn’t work [but somehow do](https://youtu.be/3ggYRrLGZns), the clutch stomp that rallies a teammate and wins an outnumbered fight, the adrenaline of veiling around a corner into an enemy zerg, and so on.
They prefer this over the extrinsic value of getting a skin or piece of armor after grinding for hundreds of hours.
It’s not my intention to turn this into an intrinsic vs extrinsic debate.
People are different.
[That’s okay.
](https://xkcd.com/386/) But I think as gamers and more importantly humans we are capable of juggling both and understanding that not all game modes are going to scratch your particular itch equally.
Sometimes it’s worth looking at it from the other side.
And if you’re reading this right now and thinking “hmm, that’s great and all but the learning curve/barrier to entry is too much” or “I don’t really know anyone”, I run a training (and nudist) community called [bags with pandas](http://discord.gg/g9stuMU).
We’ve got plenty of resources and mentors to help folks get off the ground and learn the tenets of large-scale combat.
No mic, verification, or pants required.
Over 650 strong and growing.
Thanks for reading.
1set of raid leg takes 9weeks IF you finish 17 different raid bosses each week.
All 3 need 22weeks of doing all17 bosses each week

How much hours per day do you think youll do playing those a day?
Some would take less, others more yes.
But the gap between novices and expert raiders is a large one here compared to some guy joining a ele with a cleric staff that follows a wvw tag around for 3hours a day.
Its legendary armor, 400hours is reasonable imo.
Theres ascendant triumphant that you upgrade to legendary, and theres a special misrforged triumphant ascended one thats all glowy and shiny and you need 2k rank for it.
Thing is that the gamemode itself should not be semi-afk by design and should be more fun.
Ofc something that have almost had no significant changes per years is gettign stale and uninteresting.
People would play it more if it was at least more rewarding.
I get what you're saying I truly do.
And I really appreciate your effort on making a community out of this.
However, what you say does not retract from the main issues which are a lack of rewards and the gamemode itself being more engaging.
Sure, I like WvW, it's not the most fun I personally have with the game but I do it sometimes.
However it's pretty daunting to know that when I spend only 1 hour in WvW is not getting me almost anything in the game apart the game itself.
Why can't it be more rewarding?
Why can't I feel achieving something w/o playing 3 hours straight?
A game should be fun and make you progress in some form to keep your attention, and even if a community can be created out of almost everything, this doesn't mean that it couldn't be like the rest of the game.
Would it be so much to get faster Wxp?
Or more achievable stuff for the average player?
Titles should be tied to represent your utmost dedication, but skins which are the items sought for in this game shouldn't.
Still, even WvW abilities are not that easy to achieve with a more casual approach.
I want to play WvW w/o feeling that I wasted my time if I don't invest at least 2 hours to it, because in other part of the game I do, and get the fun and community too.
Well, I won't change your opinion about the time investment, I see where you're coming from.
However I still think that progression should be more tangible.
Every Boss you defeat in a Raid gives that feel, and the proof is the Legendary Insight and the loot itself.
In WvW if I don't find a good zerg and don't spam a skill that tags most enemies, I could even end up with a single level that will generally make me not purchase even a WvW ability.
I can see the reasoning for 400h Leg Armor, even if I don't agree.
I don't see the reasoning for not feeling the steps I am getting for it.
&gt;But please consider this: what if the crown jewels of WvW are NOT the legendary back piece and the ascended skins but instead the actual combat experience and the friendships you form?
I think the game can (and should) reward both types of players.
I totally understand what you're saying and I think you make a great case for WvW here, but I also think it would be a good idea to add more medium-term rewards to WvW (and other game modes, at that).
It's nice to have goals in a game that you play for a while, and I think there's a balance to be struck between goals that are too quick to achieve and therefore not satisfying, and goals that seem so far away that it's demotivating.
I'm not sure GW2 really strikes that balance in general, which is one issue I think the game has across all its game modes.
I think Raids actually have a progression like that.
A single Boss will give you a chance to get Ascended gear, doing multiples gets you currency to buy what you want and long-rung you have the Legendary Armors.
Fractals has even more tiers.
Even PvP gives you a very good progression system with the Year of Ascension.
WvW?
Basically nothing that you can get with a couple hours per week and even a Gift of Battle takes 6-10 hours, iirc.
The worst thing is pipping down.
You stand there doing nothing while your 10-15 minutes of participation slowly elapses giving you more pips.
Oh, of course alternatively you can skip your earned rewards from this game mode and do something productive.
Yea i understand what youre going for.
You could say the same for a pvp leg armor as well.
As long as someones doing matches and getting pips hes gonna get it no matter how good he actually is or what rank he gets at the end of a league.
I understand people appreciating and looking for a more enjoyable and fun way for hem getting legendary armor ( or any other item that has multiple ways of acquisition like ascendant gear, or even something simpler like a exotic zerker weapon).
As a veteran i enjoy lvling alts with restrictions and it takes much more of my playtime than doing daily fractals or wvw or raiding simply because its what gives me the most fun in the game and it gives me steps i can cross over that i otherwise cant find in any aspect of the game.
The way i look at it is doing raids takes much more commitment and practice but you do get an exclusive animated legendary armor set.
There are other options for everything in the game for all types of players.
There are all free to pick whats best for them, most fun, most satisfying and most time efficient for their life.
The problem of WvW is that requires certain level of co-operation between people on the server.
Making the rewards too good, or too easy to acquire (read - within reasonable timeframe) starts luring people who do not want to contribute to the server effort and are just in for the rewards.
I've been playing WvW since the launch.
I remember the dark times when half of the map were people chasing map completion, gathering materials, or chasing PvE events.
With very limited space on map (~80ish people per server iirc), when you try to do something more organized it becomes a huge issue.
AFKers alone make jumping maps to assist with defense a problem when you find half of your squad is stuck in queue.
You can't quite tie rewards to strict PvP, because most often that will exclude scouts or roamers and put even bigger emphasis on blob fights.
Can't tie it to capturing objectives, because then the game becomes about flipping stuff only, with no benefit in defending.
It is basically an issue that plagued various RvR iteration throughout games for a long time.
Personally i do it for the sheer fun and community.
Whatever rewards i get alongside are just a bonus.
But i understand how for more casual WvW player the whole thing could seem like a massive time investment for very little return.
It's just it is pretty hard to balance correctly without messing up the core of the game loop.
I think that kind of rewards ( the farmable ones ) should be tied to account-bound stuff.
I actually like the way the Warbringer acquisition is done.
If the Leg Armors would be similar, it could be great.
I especially talk about Wxp because getting that "ding" more often will let you remind you're actually progressin toward something.
The reward of the level up is negligible, but you can at least get WvW abilities which are not really something you can "abuse" or get profit for.
Even the pip system is at least something that "dings" periodically and makes you appreciate the stuff you're doing, especially in multiple sessions in the same week.
I think that even talking about "farmable" stuff, WvW could get a raise because people that want to abuse just farm Istan anyway or something similar.
As far as wXP goes, it's actually pretty fast if you participate in fights.
If you are really lucky you can even ding 5 levels from the random drops.
It is hard for me to judge the pip rewards however, since i usually get the whole thing done in 2 days after Friday reset.
I would agree tho that they could up the payout from those chests.
Right now ascended armour pieces cost 3-4 Grandmaster marks, each mark requires 10 shards, and you only get 3 shards per week.
This means for even 1 full mark you need over 3 weeks of getting Gold chest.
That's over 2 months for cheaper pieces, and i think it would be nice if we could get it down to say Mark per 2 weeks or so.
Plus a slight increase in tickets / shards wouldn't hurt.
Are the weekly pip tracks not medium term?
This is why I tried to use "goal" instead of "reward."
GW2 has plenty of short- and medium-term rewards, but a goal is something more specific.
Finding an ascended weapon is a reward, but crafting a legendary weapon is a goal, if that distinction makes sense.
Some examples of short-term "goals" GW2 has (in PvE, at least) are things like collections, the Regrown Caladbolg questline, that sort of thing.
It has a few collections I'd consider "medium-term," too, like the griffon one (if only because it requires a reasonably large amount of gold for a casual player).
Filling out a mastery track is probably pretty "medium-term," too.
I'm not sure I'm actually making sense or making a reasonable argument, to be fair, but I guess what I'm saying is that I'd like to have more specific goals to work towards (in all game modes) that are somewhere between "do a short collection for a contest winner weapon skin" and "make a legendary weapon."
Both of those are good and fun, but some more things that fall in-between would be nice, too.
I'd say we're arguing semantics.
I could just reword it to "get to the end of the pip track this week" and call it a medium term goal.
Well, sure, but the thing is that getting to the end of the pip track mostly gets you resources that go towards a different goal.
Does that make sense?
Like, the thing I'm getting at the end of a pip track isn't a unique thing.
It's not a unique skin I can't get through other means, it isn't a piece of armor I'm actually going to use, a new mount (like the griffon and beetle quests), an actual new ability (like masteries), or anything like that.
And to be fair, it *can't* be.
It's a weekly reward track.
It can't have a unique reward every week.
So I want to be clear that that's not what I mean.
But what I do get are resources, like WvW Skirmish Claim Tickets and Memories of Battle.
Those resources are steps *towards* an actual goal, like making legendary armor or a legendary weapon.
The pip track itself doesn't contain a *tangible* goal--it's a way that you progress towards goals.
Fair enough.
I don't actually WvW so I won't pretend I'm the definitive opinion.
My 2 spvp goals each season are to finish the pip tracks and finish in plat, which would certainly qualify as medium term.
Finishing at a certain rank is definitely a goal.
I've been focused too much on material rewards in this discussion, but I'd consider things like ranks to be goals as well, for my own purposes--something specific that I can work towards.
As someone who is diamond rank, its pretty bad for me too.
I went on to make sure I was getting my weekly tickets capped out for a good two months.
I finished the backpiece and one set of armor and had 0 urge to do it again.
I possibly burned myself out and can put blame on me but that commitment was still rough regardless.
Its been so bad recently though that I haven't even looked at my tickets in weeks.
On top of that, even at roughly 13 pips per tick, rewards aren't good.
I have the reward track enrichment, my candy corn gobbler's XP boost going, and its still nothing compared to PvE rewards.
I love the fights in WvW and its what draws me there but I can't help but feel sad when I see people in my guild with mostly less than 100g and people in PvE with literally thousands.
Anet needs to do something and not tie it to an AFK system like the tickets.
Nicely said.
WvW is a journey, not a destination.
I personally disagree about motivation to play the mode.
I really got into WvW when they announced the new reward system.
I really took a liking to the WvW and it's pretty much all I play when I load up GW2 now.
I'm not rank 2000 yet, but I'm just having fun.
I don't see it as a grind, because the armor/backpack skins became a secondary motivation for playing.
Obviously the game mode is not for everyone, but there are always players who will want to learn and get better at it.
That's one of the inherent problems with a game mode like WvW.
Building siege, repairing walls, flipping camps and guards (PvE, basically), etc.
can contribute greatly to your server's success when done strategically.
These are also activities abused by semi-AFK players to keep their participation going while they watch Netflix or play another game.
It's very hard to balance rewards.
On one hand, as someone who primarily WvWs, I would like better rewards.
On the other hand, I don't want leaches that do not contribute creating queues for people that want to play the mode as intended.
What's a good solution?
I don't know.
Tying rewards to kills isn't a great option because who is contributing more - a scout that gives good info or someone blindly following a massive mob and spamming a single AoE ability?
I still find myself doing Istan/SW to get gold and crafting materials because the way I play the game gives me pretty lackluster rewards.
&gt; Can't tie it to capturing objectives, because then the game becomes about flipping stuff only, with no benefit in defending.
I play WvW to get GoBs and nothing else.
I've yet to see much of any reward from actually defending an objective, and in a gametype that has no hard win conditions*, defending something feels like a massive waste of time beyond "I want to hold this".
WvW feels very much like a pointless game of flipping objectives specifically because it just keeps on going, and going, and going, and going.
For me, Planetside 2 suffers from this problem as well.
*There's war score, sure, but compared to win conditions in PvP, it feels like an afterthought.
EDIT: Downvotes because god forbid someone doesn't like the thing you like.
Doing all raid bosses in a week may be hard to do but certainly wvw and pvp time requirements and ticket caps should be more similar to that.
This says to me the weekly cap is too low and possibly the rate of earning tickets is too low as well.
One of the issues which has come out in this thread is that WvW feels so unrewarding and part of the reason is that leg armor is such a grind.
I stated this at the time when it was introduced, this was never going to be an incentive for people to play WvW because the grind was so bad and this has been proven.
This argument about raids has always been utter crap, if you have reasonable gear and know the mechanics raids are not highly skilled.
Its an exercise in learning boss mechanics thats all.
Wvw legendary armor, along with its backpack always felt like it was a very long reward track.
Its a reward you get for playing wvw actively...a lot.
People that do play wvw and that actually enjoy the whole game mode dont do it for tokens or gold,skins or legendary armor really, they never have.
Maybe more rewards would result in less skilled players but it would certainly promote the game mode.
Servers that are not in t1-t2 are pretty much dead 80% of the time excluding some guild runs, more players would really help that aspect.
&amp;#x200B;

They should also reward WvW-ers for different roles such as scouting, sieging, defending, etc.
I'm at rank 400 currently and complete at least gold track every week, but I'm not motivated at all to scout even if I have shared participation (which even t1 commanders don't care to appoint a scout), simply because I don't get ANY WXP which I really need to max out my abilities to be efficient at sieges.
At 400 I can't even add most of the important siege damage/range skills especially now that zerg size rolls over everything outnumbered.
I agree with your point about the value of intrinsic rewards.
Indeed, I'd even go so far as to say only great games can offer intrinsic rewards (or that intrinsic rewards can make good games reach the "great" level).
&amp;#x200B;

But tangible rewards is the bread and butter of decent game design.
It's not an ethical argument.
It's simply a numbers thing.
There are just more players who ONLY care about tangible rewards more than players who ALSO care (or care more) about intrinsic rewards.
&amp;#x200B;

I think what you're doing is noble, but from experience, I also know it's futile to appeal to majority of results-oriented, dopamine-conditioned players for just about every game, about ephemeral stuff like friendships and a sense of accomplishment.
Trust me, I'm THAT guy in the team that keeps hammering on the importance of compelling narrative design and its value to a holistic approach to game design.
&amp;#x200B;

But everyday is a constant balancing between development costs and the need to ensure or improve revenue/retention.
&amp;#x200B;

It'll be great if the hardcore WvW community can influence others to care about intrinsic rewards, but for the game mode to thrive, it first needs the constant influx of new players who in all likelihood will be drawn and more effectively retained by tangible rewards.
And that needs to be vastly improved.
THIS!!
I always wait out my participation because God damnit I earned it!
Can you imaging doing the gerent Meta then having to wait 20 to 30 mins for your chests to trickle through the wall every 5 mins.
&gt; Maybe more rewards would result in less skilled players but it would certainly promote the game mode.
Servers that are not in t1-t2 are pretty much dead 80% of the time excluding some guild runs, more players would really help that aspect.
It's not as much case of skilled players, most squads i've been in are generally helpful and try to support newcomers.
It's the people that join the maps and idle doing absolutely nothing related to the objectives that tend to be the problem.
It's evens imple stuff, like waiting for your pips to time out.
Say 15 people decide to it on a borderland instead porting to Obsidian Sanctum, and now you can fit 15 less active players on a map.
Add a few roamers around and suddenly your squad cannot jump to defend against enemy map blob because too many people will be stuck in queue.
I think the whole unlocking WvW skills bit is a bit of a forced progression.
The mode could very well do without it and it would remove the issue of people without relevant masteries hogging siege.
You are maxed out on the points way before max rank anyway so at certain point it becomes completely useless.
The only time ill wvw is if i need a gift of battle.
I miss being able to buy them for 500 badges.
Me too.
I was happy I bought my first one with badges.
I am unhappy to see that I will not be able to buy another one for my 2nd legendary.
I remember my stock of gifts of battles ran out and I had to wvw after the badge change for my guild hall decoration and a legendary.
It was so tedious I just ended up leeching and repairing the central keep to keep my timer up.
I wish they'd make 500 badges options come back again instead of having me do "content" because there's guys like me who'd never wvw and leech.
just do dailies in wvw and save the reward potions.
80 potions will instantly complete a reward track.
Do WvW dailies.
The monument capper, veteran creature slayer, badges spender and to an extend sentry capper and dolyak killer take &lt;2 minutes usually and give you liquid wvw reward track potions.
80 potions = 1 full reward track aka gift of battle.
Most wouldn't leech if the gamemode would be average fun by itself, too.
You're right, I'm a lazy fuck tho'...
...I'll try to do that more often tho', otherwise I'm not getting my nevermore any time soon \^\^
Before the change I bought 2.
I wish I had spent all my badges...
but folks who only WvW need to do PvE world completion to get a legendary as well; so in a way it's only fair that you have to play some WvW for your legendary.
(though both types of players can bypass it for Gen1 legendaries)
&gt;	(though both types of players can bypass it for Gen1 legendaries)

Do tell.
you can buy them* off the trading post; earning the gold in whichever gamemode you enjoy playing.
*: Gen1 Legendary Weapons.
You mean buying the weapon outright?
Because the last time I checked, the part that you need WvW for, the GoB, is account bound.
Yeah and that's where the 500 badges come in, though I don't agree with the number, it's still required to play the content for at least some minutes like the daily to get it.
For months I was the same way.
Look at it this way, each day you can get at least one potion, there's *always* a really easy daily available.
That's just shy of three months for a gift of battle.
Most days you can actually get two or three, sometimes four.
All six usually needs a group.
I got my last gift of battle a month and a half ago or so and used it yesterday.
I have 67 potions stockpiled now.
(also, don't leave if you still have an appreciable amount of points rolling in.
I like to go to the jumping puzzle and let them run down doing the puzzle)
'til the day they stop forcing people do to map completion in PvE, I don't see how fair that would be to stop forcing content on you :/

Summary: 
I think the game can (and should) reward both types of players.
For months I was the same way.
I think Raids actually have a progression like that.
I get what you're saying I truly do.
People would play it more if it was at least more rewarding.
It's a weekly reward track.
Why can't it be more rewarding?
Getting a better understanding of why people don't do WvW.
I play WvW to get GoBs and nothing else.
Its a reward you get for playing wvw actively...a lot.
I wish I had spent all my badges...
It's very hard to balance rewards.
I have 67 potions stockpiled now.
Since I don't raid, PvP and WvW were my options.
WvW is a journey, not a destination.
just do dailies in wvw and save the reward potions.
I don't see the reasoning for not feeling the steps I am getting for it.
However I still think that progression should be more tangible.
I agree with your point about the value of intrinsic rewards.
I really got into WvW when they announced the new reward system.
This is why I tried to use "goal" instead of "reward."
Sure, I like WvW, it's not the most fun I personally have with the game but I do it sometimes.
That's one of the inherent problems with a game mode like WvW.
It can't have a unique reward every week.
I personally disagree about motivation to play the mode.
Would it be so much to get faster Wxp?
Comparing the Raid Armor to the WvW one, however, is about the time engagement.
Sessions I need to plan ahead.
Whatever rewards i get alongside are just a bonus.
I've been playing WvW since the launch.
Yup, I would summarize it all up to the rewards suck for the time required.
I actually like the way the Warbringer acquisition is done.
It's not a Legendary skin tied to an extenuous time investment like the WvW armors.
Before the change I bought 2.
So I want to be clear that that's not what I mean.
The only time ill wvw is if i need a gift of battle.
I was happy I bought my first one with badges.
I can see the reasoning for 400h Leg Armor, even if I don't agree.
And I really appreciate your effort on making a community out of this.
Fractals has even more tiers.
There was a time when I thought about getting that legendary wvw armor, but the amount of time is just stupid.
Its legendary armor, 400hours is reasonable imo.
Even I got demotivated and don't give a shit about those tickets any more.
I really took a liking to the WvW and it's pretty much all I play when I load up GW2 now.
