Original Response: 
I think Feinstein was the worst.
She should have brought this up privately with Kavanaugh weeks ago and they could have questioned Ford without her name being leaked to the public like this.
Her testimony was televised live for the whole world to watch.
The wall street journal leaked it.
Not Feinstein.
When Ford saw that he was a potential nominee, she brought it up to her representative, who told the president’s office.
There were plenty of people on the list (!!!?!)
that Trump chose from, he was warned by McConnell that this was a bad choice, he choose Kavanaw because of his views on presidential power and the ability to investigate the president.
This was brought up earlier and could have been avoided.
This didn’t happen with Gorsich because he is a fairly extreme conservative but has a good personal and jurisprudence record, he has a level demeanor AND HASNT BEEN CREDIBLY ACCUSED OF SEXUAL ASSULT.
They vet the shit out of nominees, if there is the possibility of something like this they already know.
This is ultimately Trump’s pick and the fallout could have been avoided with a different one.
If you watched the hearing you'd know that Feinstein respected Dr. Ford's wish for privacy, confident her office didn't leak the info.
It likely came from a friend of Dr. Ford (she admitted that she told multiple friends if contacting Feinstein's office), at which point, Dr. Ford &amp; Feinstein went public.
I can't deny that Feinstein played this dirty, but well didn't the Republicans have it coming?
The Republicans are so fucking dirty, isn't it about time the Democrats started hitting back.
Yeah, I know.
Her letter was from July.
Let’s face it, Trump is a stubborn guy.
Once he picked Kavanaugh, there was no way in hell he’d back off that decision.
He gives a new meaning to the phrase “cut off your nose to spite your face” because he would legitimately do it.
Trump isn’t a guy to turn back, he’ll double down on something.
There’s no way he’ll withdraw that nomination, he’ll let the whole thing play out.
If it was one of her friends, she has really shitty friends.
I doubt she would have left out something like “hey, can you not tell anyone I told you this” to a friend.
Something like sexual assault shouldn’t be used as “hitting back”.
Ford should have been given her privacy for this.
Using something like that as a club politically isn’t fair on her.
Bill Clinton.
His accusers shouldn’t have been trotted out in public either.
[deleted]
That's why there should have been an investigation rather than trying to hamfist his confirmation.
The Republicans are the ones to blame.
They gave an ultimatum to have her testify right away.
They were banking on her being unprepared.
I’m glad that there is an investigation happening now.
My question is how was the LETTER leaked.
The letter that was supposedly sent only to feinstein was leaked before they went public.
Plus ford specifically states that she never mentioned Kavanaugh’s name.
It seems pretty suspicious to me at least.
On top of all of this Feinstein started to stumble around when asked about her staff (yes she did say she asked her staff if they leaked it but it wasn’t that convincing) I feel bad for both parties I feel like both probably believe what they are saying.

Summary: 
I think Feinstein was the worst.
Ford should have been given her privacy for this.
My question is how was the LETTER leaked.
The Republicans are the ones to blame.
The letter that was supposedly sent only to feinstein was leaked before they went public.
Her letter was from July.
