Original Response: 
Cool concept.
Bad execution.
How so?
It's executed pretty dam well to me, if you're into that style.
Evo engine, custom frame, probably airbagged.
Better than those rat bikes which are just stock with rusted panels and goofy shit like skulls and horns and cut up street signs strapped to it.
Well I certainly enjoy that style (and other examples of it) but I wish the “bagged bike” could be made more practical.
“Bad execution” was a poor word choice on my part.
Edit: I think a less exaggerated length, improved riding position (like look where the shifter is), fenders that allow for hitting a bump.
Something closer to a traditional chopper with the fat tires and air suspension I think is what I’m getting at.
Wouldn’t the fact that it has like 1mm ground clearance cause a lot of problems if you tried to go anywhere.
I think you'll find its probably got air bags that inflate and raise the ride up to something useable.
When parked they can be lowered to have it sitting on the rails.
He's not running that static...
The seat looks like crap even if it supposed to be a "rat" bike.
The front shocks look like crap.
A good start but just looks like he gave up in some areas.
I have a similar seat on my cruiser (look up dragger seat), and that is the most comfortable seat I’ve ever had.
Shitload better than mustang seats.
Lol, it goes up dude.
It doesn't ride that low.
come on, that wheelbase is ridiculous.
it takes two people to to park it  and no one is taking that on any incline.
its a show only bike.
what's your point?
It doesn't change the fact it doesn't stay at that height?
Also, I have a feeling the lack of perspective is throwing out the proportions of the bike, making it seem like the entire bike is massive (its long, but its not as big as it looks.
That seat is actually tiny)
point is, it's a show bike that is barely ridable but somehow people are being brigaded in this thread for pointing it out.
I could give a shit if it has bags to raise it 2", its not ridable and is mostly an art/style piece.
I firmly land in the opinion art/style is cool, but it should also be able to still function like a bike.
Which means it can turn, park, go up/down an incline and survive a speed bump.
If we lower our standards to include art pieces that can barely go up and down a block without the help or three dudes to turn it around and support vehicle in tow, then it sucks donkey balls and they should have just painted it on some canvas.
Only people being corrected are those that seem to think it stays at that height 24/7.
Nobody disagreeing with you that its a show bike, and probably handles like shit.
But you could still cruise around on it, regardless of how impractical it is, or if the type of riding you can do it on it doesn't meet your criteria of what 'ridable' is.
You say shit like 'our' standards, who is that?
Who defines that?
Any group can do the same thing "If its under 1000cc its a scooter, not a real bike" "if we lower our standard to people who cant even rebuild every part of the bike on the side of the road, then it sucks balls"

Summary: 
its a show only bike.
It doesn't ride that low.
You say shit like 'our' standards, who is that?
The front shocks look like crap.
The seat looks like crap even if it supposed to be a "rat" bike.
