Original Response: 
I'll believe it when I see it.
Looks like they're killing the budget model to make room for more manufacturing of the sedan.
The sedan?
You mean the Model S?
Where do you see that?
And in reference to the budget model - its not come into existence yet because the demand for higher priced models is being met first.
Sounds smart considering the number of morons whining.
&gt;And in reference to the budget model - its not come into existence yet because the demand for higher priced models is being met first.
I think it has more to do with making sure production is as profitable as possible for as long as possible while all the kinks get worked out.
Basically, everyone running to order the higher end Model 3s are subsidizing the company and increasing the viability of the basic/budget model.
That's what I said...thanks.
Absolutely.
That has been Teslas very public strategy from day one.
Build the billionaire-only roadster to subsidise the millionaire-only Model S, do a pointless detour to Model X, then build the tricked expensive Model 3 to subsidise the somewhat moderately priced regular Model 3.
[deleted]
Tesla can either sell tens of thousands $50k-$60k models with a $10k markup OR sell the budget model at $35k with a \~$3,500 markup.
Investors really, really want to see them be profitable, so with a somewhat limited production capacity it makes craptons of sense for them to continue to sell the high-margin models instead of the low margin ones.
When they can put out 10k cars a week, then totally release the low end models.
As it stands right now though, they're still collecting phenomenal amounts of LR + AWD model orders, and with them being a relatively high-margin product, then why not?
It makes the low end model a little more profitable as they continue to scale and fine-tune their production process.
Battery tech keeps getting cheaper and cheaper, and studies have shown the base model 3 is a $20,000 car with a $10,000 battery.
What happens to profitability when it becomes a $20,000 car with a $5,000 battery?
Tesla wins, that's what.
&gt; Build the billionaire-only roadster

The first roadster in the was $90-110k range, or a very similar price range to the Model S.
Yes, but it could only fit 2 people and go 80 mph.
So it was more of a hobbyist plaything for rich people than a viable EV for transit.
It also had a different plug and couldn’t be super charged.
I do know they retrofitted better batteries into the Roadster, which gives it better range and potentially gave it super charging?
I’m not so sure.
Still no supercharging.
Also the top speed is closer to 120MPH.
For people interested in the delayed budget model...
I'm looking at the Chevy Bolt.
It's relatively inexpensive, highly rated and actually available.
I'm never going to spend $50,000+ on any car and I don't want to wait another 2 years for Tesla.
Then you are not the target demographic, so don’t worry.
Tesla is a prestige brand still.
Nobody is going to be torn between the Bolt and the 3.
That’s fine as far as personal finances go, but when every serious scientist says things like ICE cars are killing the planet, I wouldn’t support a car company that still makes millions of ICE cars.
That’s just me though.
The Bolt is a fun car.
The only real problem with it is that Chevy Dealer's and more importantly their service departments really (really) don't like them for some reason.
[deleted]
Having just received a amodel 3, you owe yourself a test drive in the Model 3.
This week is drive electric week, check for events near you.
The low cost version is most likely less than 6 months away.
&gt; some reason.
Dealerships make most of their profit from their service departments.
Bolts lack an internal combustion engine so they have far fewer parts requiring service.
Harder to make money off of EVs.
The 3 was announced as being a mid to high $30,000 electric car.
That makes me and many other people the target demographic.
That price point has not turned out to be realistic so perhaps that changes the target demographic after the fact?
For financially sensible people that find the idea of gaining “prestige” from owning a rapidly depreciating asset the thought of the Model 3 as somehow indicating status is laughable.
Hmmm... this is compelling.
I have nothing against Tesla or the 3 (at its lower price point) so I should probably do this.
I don't understand your logic.
Chevy is in the business of making money.
It's the only reason they exist.
If people buy cars like the Bolt Chevy will make more models electric.
Yes, they’re in the business of MAKING MONEY.
If enough human baboons (there are many) start demanding gas guzzlers again, Chevy will probably start making and promoting gas guzzlers again.
Tesla is the only company going all-in on transitioning the transportation system to a more sustainable model.
This is too obvious.
Nothing wrong with successfully competing with tesla.
You still need tesla for anyone to compete with it though.
Isn't that why they made some of their technologies available to everyone?
I feel like dealers' bread and butter is suspension, tires, steering, and brakes.
How often does someone's engine need worked on in relation to all the other normal wear and tear parts that EV's have?
Does the bolt have auto pilot?
That’s an essential feature for me.
If you seriously cared you wouldn't even buy a car you'd go live a minimal life with a bike and public transit somewhere.
But like the rest of us, we still need cars...
My very limited experience is that transmissions, engines, transmissions and transmissions seem to be the cash cows.
Could be wrong, though.
Man, the Tesla is the MOST fun I’ve ever had driving.
And this is someone’s who’s done Deals Gap on a stick shift, the Blue Ridge Parkway in an Aston, motorcycled across Vietnam, and have in general driven across North America 14 times.
The Tesla is 100% worth it!
What are you expecting from "auto pilot"?
I don't think so.
I'm not a Bolt expert, just never heard that it does.
No it's not.
The low-cost version is most likely another 2 years away.
Interesting.
I thought the Model 3 was an excellent car, but less fun to drive than a BMW 340i, which isn't exactly an exciting drive either.
Really the perfect daily driver/commuter car.
Couldn't imagine replacing a dedicated sports car with it.
Extra safety, the car can maneuver you out of life or death situations.
The biggest reason is the amount of money required to spend on specialized tools to work on them and the training requirements.
Not to mention the precautions that have to be taken to go about servicing almost anything on the vehicle is an entirely different process then combustion engines, and change is not exactly something people love.
My family owns a Chevy dealership in a small area and we don’t sell them or service them, its simply not feasible to even try.
Sorry... Don't mean to insult, but are you a bad or lazy driver by nature?
Not at all, but if I have the option to have a car that can react quicker than any human can, I’ll take that as insurance.
You never know when it will come in handy.
As an example - the service interval on my e-golf is about the same as on my Volvo, but the price of the service is about a third.
There's also far less wear on the brakes (in fact, the e-golf got "you've got to use the brakes more to avoid rust building up" since it does regenerative braking most of the time), in addition to not requiring a transmission (and thus no parts or no fluids therein).
&amp;#x200B;
[deleted]
It's not an insult, just a lack of understanding on your part on the benefits of a vehicle that takes active measures to ensure the safety of the passenger.
Humans are naturally flawed creatures, even if they are attentive drivers.
I am indeed vegan!
Thanks for asking.
I live life such that if everyone in my position made my decisions, the world would be alright, and top scientists and experts would not be sounding off alarm bells for readily preventable threats.
Burn me at the stake!
Can I ask what YOU are doing to make the world a better place?
As to your other point, name me ONE company that you could easily see transitioning us to true sustainability, AFTER this big step-in-the-right-direction move of mass producing EVs?
Is it your Chevrolet?
Ford?
Apple?
Facebook?
Netflix?
Please name any company, and I will start supporting it with fervor.
Hint: there is none, aside from Tesla.
Elon Musk throws himself at his current EV mission because he knows all the baboons will not sacrifice too much to transition to more sustainable transportation.
Can you see obese Joe or badass Steve riding a bicycle to work?
No!
It doesn’t happen!
He’d rather have a cool car, and Musk wants to provide that, as a good compromise.
He needs to make EVs in vogue.
Most baboons are led by their primal feelings, failing miserably at weighing the long term consequences of their actions, so we need a nice step in the right direction to minimize the negative effects of baboon’s short-term-gratifying decisions.
It isn't the lack of understanding.
For example, if you have a rear view camera or blind spot indicator.
When you start relying on those technological features you tend to lose the skill you had before.
Habits of being a safe, knowledgeable and defensive driver diminishes.
The moment when people start relying on a piece of technology to keep them from harm is the moment when bad habits start to form.
If it’s anything like Chrysler/ Dodge, it’s because maintenance shuts down a bay for the whole day.
They have to suit up.
Discharge the battery.
Do work.
Recharge the battery.
Get out of your suit.
And a rubber suit isn’t comfortable.
I don’t know how my BMW i3 techs avoid this, but I have come in for service and they’re just chilling in coveralls.
Power steering in an ICE gets its power from the engine.
So that’s a belt that needs tightening, inspection, and replacement.
Same for your A/C.
Same for your alternator.
The starter motor is another component that fails often in cars.
For EVs with a CVT, it’s a completely sealed system.
You change it’s fluid either 10 or 20 years.
It’s a life of the car design, so to speak.
The battery back is also sealed—you don’t change out or service it’s coolant for the life of the battery.
Brakes last a ton longer on EVs because of regen braking.
Tires wear out slightly faster because of the high torque.
It’s not about habit.
Some instances are unavoidable given the human reaction time.
A computer can react instantaneously.
There’s just no comparison.
Also the 2 are not mutually exclusive.
Please provide and example of a situation where it is unavoidable by human reaction compared to computer reaction for vehicles?
Honest question and I don’t mean to attack your family’s business: How do you think that will dealership will change by 2025, when Chevy says it will be selling 1 million+ EVs a year?
I say this because I just bought a 2018 PHEV from Chrysler, and it sat on the lot for a while.
The 2019s are already shipping in some areas, or at least getting media attention.
When they took me to the car I found out both of its on board batteries had died: The High Voltage Traction battery (HVT) and the 12 Volt started battery.
We test drove it entirely on the gas engine... and when they plugged it into to charge... there were problems.
They had to replace some circuit boards involved in charging.
It might be a fluke, but I think it had to do with the fact that this dealership didn’t really take care of its hybrids.
They need to rotate through the charger probably once every two months.
There are a lot of changes coming if and when EVs disrupt the industry... and I don’t see BMW, Nissan, or Volvo having problems, in my experience, but I can absolutely see American dealerships dropping the ball and just being abandoned by consumers.
I just don’t see dealerships pivoting fast enough to adapt to the change.
https://youtu.be/RjGe0GiiFzw.

&gt;I'm looking at the Chevy Bolt.
Why do they make these cars so ugly?
Please watch the video... before you send this to me.
No but the 2018 LEAF has Pro Pilot, which does the same thing as Tesla’s Autopilot (aka Adaptive Cruise Control).
I agree.
I think the Model S is gorgeous but in the lower price ranges they def.
don’t work the look very hard.
There’s a bunch of videos, you can do your own research.
I don't know...
I liked how that tesla foresaw a car crash by half a block...
Do you also completely disregard the crash details as well, where injuries of those in Tesla vehicles is orders of magnitude less than those not in a Tesla, with our without autopilot?
When I bought my Bolt, it had battery issues from day one.
I got great service from the Chevy dealer.
They fixed the problem and it's been running like a charm.
And Tesla cars still create emissions and are still killing the planet.
Get a bike and buy some carbon offsets.
5/7 troll.
Fantastic comment; thank you!
Did I say anything about Teslas not being safe?
My entire response was based off of "autopilot" becoming a handicap to where drivers start relying on technology to offset skills that they might not have or will lose due to this feature.
So THAT'S why my Chevy dealer was so comically inept at selling the Bolt.
It was a month ago and the first thing he said was "I really don't know anything about this car.".
Thanks dude!
I bought a Tesla that I pick up in two days.
If you want to spend the same as a Bolt, and get a car that I think it's a lot better, wait six months and get the Tesla without the extended battery.
I was advised to check my Tesla's brakes at 100,000 miles.
Still not sure what my yearly inspection will involve.
Well when the volume inevitably increases we’ll have to adapt, it’s just not an immediate concern for us because there is no real demand for EV or HEVs in our area.
We actually have FCA/GM products in the same dealership, and we don’t deal with the HEV Pacifica’s either, there is literally no interest for them and to even try to market them here may not even produce a sale to someone in our area.
But I honestly welcome the change, I’m more concerned with reluctance on the part of consumers to make the change to electric if there are rising costs for us and the market not rising to meet expectations.
I guess we’ll see when that happens.
But to your experience, I think that was just dealer complacency personally, too often vehicles sit on the lot after they’re checked in until they’re sold/dealer traded.
And in our case being in a colder climate, batteries go dead during winter time even if vehicles are being rotated.
So I can imagine dealing with fully electric vehicles, it’s just something you would have to deal with if your not careful about it.
But with us being a smaller dealer, it’s easier to be conscious of our inventory.
I didn't say you did, I was asking if that was information you also disregarded.
Do you still long for the days of using an abacus to perform your calculations?
Or what about your horse drawn carriage?
Oil for lighting, telegraph, etc etc.
[deleted]
I'm guessing you're longing for the day when all cars are autonomous so that you can finally get in a car again without endangering anyone else's life due to your lack of awareness and attention.
Nope, I'm actually a fantastic driver (if I do say so myself) and I'm very cautious, yet I know that I can't account for 'the other guy' and a vehicle with a much faster brain than myself will do that better than I ever could.
I'm not intimidated by technology, but you sure seem to be.
Funny with that user name and all.
Carry on, I'm done.
What makes you say that?
Test drive it and find out for yourself.
Most of the reviews I've read have said it's pretty fun while still making a good daily.
&gt;**I thought the Model 3 was an excellent car, but less fun to drive than a BMW 340i**, which isn't exactly an exciting drive either.
I've already driven it.
Actually spent a decent amount of time driving one around the city I live in.
Used all the autopilot and adaptive cruise control features, played with the different steering weights and brake regen settings.
It's definitely a fun car, just like how a BMW 340i is a fun car.
Is the Tesla more interesting than the BMW?
Probably, but I wouldn't say it's more fun from a driver engagement standpoint.
"Fun to drive" is a very subjective category, but I'm constantly shocked by people who say their Teslas are more "fun" than dedicated sports cars.
This isn't a knock against the 3 at all since it's just a sedan, I just wonder how those people used their sports cars.
I would be mindful that we don't yet know the quality of the Model 3 and we do know from reports that a LOT of corners have cut during production.
Personally, I wouldn't touch the Model 3 with a 40 foot pole.
I want to know why Tesla makes the interiors so ugly.
Or in some cases manoeuvre you into an accident.
I think Tesla has been downright reckless to allow auto-pilot to even exist on those cars without LIDAR sensors.
Tesla doesn’t have auto pilot either.
Should point out that their "over the air" upgrades require you to wait at the dealership for 30 minutes+ while they download the new patch.
Yuck.
Lol nice FUD.
sounds like you need to test drive the model 3 to really see how great of a drive it is.
Sounds like it!
Which shill blog do I need to speak with to get simulated seat time?
elonsblunt.blogger.com.
&gt; we don't yet know the quality of the Model 3

Yeah after all there are only 90,000 of them shipped to customers.
I would be worried that a fossil car is 40% more likely to be in a major car collision and ten times more likely to catch on fire.
I can live with a piece of trim with a smudge on it.
(Edit only 10 times )
The difference is night and day, and Tesla autopilot keeps improving dramatically through software updates.
What kind of backwards misconception is this ?
Belt needs tightening?
What is this the 1920s?
All those components are on the same belt usually and those last a long time.
A $20 belt is your argument??
A lot of gas cars have 10,000 mile oil changes and sealed transmissions these days, last the life of the car too.
Why don’t you price out the cost to replace the battery pack, it’s more costly than a engine or trans rebuild on a 10yr + old car.
You realize you can order a 39k M3 and have it within a month right?
Cheaper ones available within 6 months.
2 year wait time is a bit exaggerated.
Where did you get those ridiculous statistics ?
And this is more about just pieces of trims.
The point is that none of them have had their cars for a long period of time.
Lol it’s not even close to the same thing.
Even my Subaru’s EyeSight advanced cruise control isn’t anything like what Tesla has.
Tesla has full self driving capability and gets constant updates.
The only thing Pro Pilot or EyeSight does as far as steering is pushing you back in your lane slightly if you start to go over.
Still really cool, but not even close to the same thing.
Ev’s don’t use a cvt.
It’s a one speed gearbox.
Everything has had electric power steering for the last decade.
And automatic belt tensioners except for honda/toyota until late.
Ac is now direct drive from a power unit.
No belts.
Ev’s generally have a 50k interval on the gearbox oil and the battery/inverter/motor coolant is good for like 5 years?
That ‘lifetime’ transmission fluid is for the life of the transmission, not the life of your car.
A wise man changes it anyways.
Tesla battery packs that are hitting 200,000 miles (360k) are averaging 93% capacity left.
They are public about all battery data.
It looks like we are getting MUCH better life from electric car batteries than anticipated.
The new tractor trailer hauler got a million mile battery warranty.
Think about that for a minute.
That is a LOT of fuel savings.
That’s just normal chrysler problems.
They make the biggest junk in the automotive industry.
There is a reason your average 10 year old chrysler car is worth $800 and your average 10 year old honda or toyota is worth $8000.
As an ex mechanic, I really like Tesla.
However you are correct.
A wise man never EVER buys a first model year production vehicle.
Tesla is still learning a lot and still has teething problems.
Waiting a year or two is simply being prudent.
But hey, if you have the cash to burn on a risky gen 1 product then why the hell not.
When tesla makes an astro van, I’ll be lined up to take a test drive.
I need a new workhorse in a few years.
It’s really not.
$1k to replace an i3’s 60Ahr battery plus labor — probably $1500.
Engine or Tranny rebuilds can easily top that.
Not really.
AP 1.5 or 2.0 do not dramatically do anything different so far, despite promised features forthcoming.
It actually led to Tesla settling a class action lawsuit.
Tesla doesn’t have anything close to full self driving capability.
That’s marketing hype and any Tesla owner knows it.
Their autopilot hardware isn’t even remotely reliable enough for full self driving.
ArsTechnica compared Tesla’s Autopilot to GM’s SuperCruise, and found GM’s tech superior.
Have you ever actually tried to use Tesla’s auto pilot?
I have.
I swear for every person that worships Tesla there’s someone who hates on them for no reason.
There are plenty of things to criticize the company on but their products are not one of them.
What you are saying is out right bullshit that you have no experience with.
Simple.
I have AP2, and while it doesn’t yet meet the feature promises like automatically changing lanes and merging, it works very well in lane keeping and TACC.
It has exceeded the capabilities of AP1, and is no comparison to systems shipping in other production cars.
It was pretty bad a year ago when I first got my Model S, but it’s now good enough that I can easily go 100 miles without disengaging it on a road trip.
The only other system close is Cadillac Super Cruise, but it only works on specific roads.
[deleted]
Two less high tech examples would be VSC, particularly in SUVs and ABS.
The number of cars they're delivering vs. number of order and the current production cost and mostly the fact that they just cancelled/delayed to an uncertain date the 35k version according to the article.
Also Tesla has been missing production targets by far for years and just last week the new CAO and CHRO quit, this is not a very robust company, the shares fall fast too, like 20% in the last 2 months.
Trim was the only issue I have encountered, Tesla has highest customer satisfaction.
how many were shipped back?
Hard to change the fluid on a sealed trans when there is literally no drain or fill plugs.
Google it, there is always a way.
There are now kits that add things like dipstick tubes too.
Because guess what?
Remember what happens when you get a small leak on a transmission?
You top up the oil.
What do you do on a road trip right now when you get a small leak?
Tow the car home?
THIS right here is why sealing transmissions was a totally retarded move.
What do you do if shit happens?
Cooler lines leak, radiators get changed (they have transmission fluid in the cooler).

Summary: 
The Bolt is a fun car.
Why do they make these cars so ugly?
What makes you say that?
I don't understand your logic.
I'll believe it when I see it.
The Tesla is 100% worth it!
I need a new workhorse in a few years.
Did I say anything about Teslas not being safe?
I want to know why Tesla makes the interiors so ugly.
As an ex mechanic, I really like Tesla.
I liked how that tesla foresaw a car crash by half a block...
I guess we’ll see when that happens.
I bought a Tesla that I pick up in two days.
Get out of your suit.
It’s a life of the car design, so to speak.
Tesla is a prestige brand still.
You mean the Model S?
I got great service from the Chevy dealer.
Is the Tesla more interesting than the BMW?
But like the rest of us, we still need cars...
If people buy cars like the Bolt Chevy will make more models electric.
I have nothing against Tesla or the 3 (at its lower price point) so I should probably do this.
I was advised to check my Tesla's brakes at 100,000 miles.
I can live with a piece of trim with a smudge on it.
Tesla doesn’t have auto pilot either.
When I bought my Bolt, it had battery issues from day one.
Chevy is in the business of making money.
I'm looking at the Chevy Bolt.
It's the only reason they exist.
The point is that none of them have had their cars for a long period of time.
Harder to make money off of EVs.
Really the perfect daily driver/commuter car.
Test drive it and find out for yourself.
Dealerships make most of their profit from their service departments.
That has been Teslas very public strategy from day one.
It looks like we are getting MUCH better life from electric car batteries than anticipated.
You still need tesla for anyone to compete with it though.
It's definitely a fun car, just like how a BMW 340i is a fun car.
It was a month ago and the first thing he said was "I really don't know anything about this car.".
sounds like you need to test drive the model 3 to really see how great of a drive it is.
Hint: there is none, aside from Tesla.
He needs to make EVs in vogue.
Man, the Tesla is the MOST fun I’ve ever had driving.
Still really cool, but not even close to the same thing.
I think the Model S is gorgeous but in the lower price ranges they def.
Lol it’s not even close to the same thing.
I just don’t see dealerships pivoting fast enough to adapt to the change.
