Original Response: 
She wouldn't let me get PSN for my son's because it's expensive and they don't have to have that.
She didn't have boys just 2 girls, she doesn't like video games, yet she lets her kids watch TV and play on tablets.
Since she doesn't have history with video games, she don't like them.
So she finally let me get them PSN for their birthday, it was a shared present for them.
It was to expensive to drop $60 for a video game she said.
Today she brings up that her daughter wants a set of pearl earrings.
I said for her birthday,  she wants to get it as a just because.
I said, "no it can't be just a because because it's not a necessity".
She didn't like that.
She said, "yeah just because."
I said, "no because I couldn't get PSN as just because for the boys".
Well there started this morning out bad right off hand.
We do put are money together.
So if I couldn't but something for my kids why can she?
There is a huge double standard in my household that's coming more and more prevalent.
I try to bring it up to her then she gets mad.
This goes down to shit she does to me I'm suppose to be ok with it, yet I do it and it's unacceptable.
She is a very caring and loving person, probably one of the people I have ever met.
Sadly she don't see this flaw and whenbi point it out it pisses her off.
I use to play video games all the time in my old marriage, at this time in my life I play a video game with my kids on a rare occasion.
I love her and our relationship has been pretty rocky this year.
When she gets real mad she breaks up with me.
She says how she don't care about shit more often than not.
Everytime she breaks up with me for a day, I cry and have an emotional response.
She acts like nothing has happened and doesn't talk to me for a day or two.
Our relationship is full of constant serious talks, these days.
I can say a something rude, and fuck the day is ruined.
Even if it's because I snip because I'm tired which isn't an excuse but, she can be tired and be rude and snip at me, I'm suppose to get over it instantly.
I don't know how to beat this double standard.
She brought two girls, I brought two boys, I know boys and girls are diffrent but a double standard needs to stop.
The double standards go between her and I.
She can say or do something, and it's suppose to be ok, if I do the same thing it's unacceptable.
TL;DR: 
She wouldnt let me spend on $60 PlayStation Network for my sons as a just because, yet she thinks it's ok to buy pearl earrings for her daughter as a just because.
How to stop a double standards in a relationship?
[deleted]
I bring a lot of crap to our relationship to.
She is a better mom to my boys than their own mother.
She is a better parent than me as a whole.
It infuriates my soul that she and her girls feel they as women are superior than men.
I feel deep down she feels that way, and her girls deff feel that way.
She is a great person she really is, we all have our flaws.
The last time she broke up with me, she blocked me on Facebook.
Then it messed up I was blocked for a long time.
So the other day we got in an argument and she ignores me for 24 hours.
I'm out of town for that weekend.
So since she wouldn't talk to me, I deactivated Facebook, so I wouldn't have to deal with that drama.
So then she gets pissed off at me because I deactivated my Facebook.
I just don't know if I am ready to walk from her.
[deleted]
OP, you’re 35.
You’re far too old to be dealing with this kind of nonsense.
Playing petty games and trying to one-up each other using Facebook is shit that teenagers do.
You’re a grown man and a father.
Whether or not you like it, or it’s easy, your needs don’t come first anymore.
Think of what messages your sons are absorbing by watching the dynamic between you and your girlfriend.
1.
Boys/men are inferior to girls/women.
2.
A man is supposed to let a woman boss him around and be dismissive of his feelings.
If they internalize those messages, your sons are going to end up with self esteem and self worth issues, and they’re going to end up with someone like your girlfriend but worse.
Is that what you want for them?
They’d be much better off seeing their father leave an unhealthy relationship and learning that it’s ok to do so.
Dude read a book, take a class, watch some mister Rogers and learn to be a better parent.
Your person skill level is within your control.
You just have to *try*.
Jesus Christ dude grow a spine and leave.
This is no way that your son should be raised.
I don’t know any sort of good relationships where a partner regularly leaves or threatens to leave.
You can learn to be a great parent, you don’t need her for that.
My dad didn’t beat me growing up.
So he’s better than a parent who beats their kids.
But he’s still a trash parent who told me he never wanted a daughter and was uninvolved and uninterested in my life.
Your #1 job is to protect your kids.
You owe that to them.
They are not old enough to be able to protect themselves from her.
So it’s on you to do it.
dude i am about the same age as you and your gf and you both seriously need to grow the hell up.
you're an adult and a father; act like it.
stop getting into childish arguments involving facebook (you're 35 not 15) and stop making excuses about your own behavior.
if your girlfriend is a better parent to your kids as you claim, you need to step it up and do better.
you have kids who depend on you and yet you're prioritizing a toxic relationship over their needs.
break up with your toxic girlfriend, see a therapist, get self-help books, get parenting books, read them, and be a good dad.
wait to date again until you have your shit together and can figure out the difference between a healthy and abusive relationship.
it's either that or disappoint your kids as a parent and force them to live under the burden of your own issues for the rest of their adolescence.
37F here and I TOTALLY agree with u/ggaebsong.
&lt;claps hands&gt;
&gt;She is a better mom to my boys than their own mother.
She is a better parent than me as a whole.
Seems like the bar is pretty low.
&gt;She is a great person she really is, we all have our flaws

Insisting that your boyfriend treat his own children inferior to yours is more than just a flaw.
Great people don't do that.
&gt;The last time she broke up with me, she blocked me on Facebook.
Then it messed up I was blocked for a long time.
So the other day we got in an argument and she ignores me for 24 hours.
I'm out of town for that weekend.
So since she wouldn't talk to me, I deactivated Facebook, so I wouldn't have to deal with that drama.
So then she gets pissed off at me because I deactivated my Facebook.
Sounds like you have three children not two.
No offense OP, but you're responding to this in a childish way - kids say "I don want to" and avoid the problem, adults see the whole situation, evaluate their options and act in the best interest for themselves (and more importantly their children).
I'm not saying it's not going to difficult, but are you really willing to compromise your kids current and future self-worth?
If the answer is yes, than your gf isn't the only one who has double standards - you're essentially saying your gf can't treat your kids that way, yet it's completely fine for you to do so.
The fact is that you ARE their role model, so how you handle this situation will show them not just how to act, but what you consider their self-with to be, which will be how they learn to see themselves.
It's a lot easier to get over heartbreak, than it is to learn to love and value yourself.
I speak from experience.
Two toxic people don't make a good relationship.
Walking away is never easy, but sometimes it's what you need to do.
"Better than terrible" does not equal "great".

Summary: 
She is a better parent than me as a whole.
So if I couldn't but something for my kids why can she?
So it’s on you to do it.
I said for her birthday,  she wants to get it as a just because.
So then she gets pissed off at me because I deactivated my Facebook.
The double standards go between her and I.
I try to bring it up to her then she gets mad.
I said, "no it can't be just a because because it's not a necessity".
She said, "yeah just because."
I don't know how to beat this double standard.
I bring a lot of crap to our relationship to.
I said, "no because I couldn't get PSN as just because for the boys".
Great people don't do that.
So he’s better than a parent who beats their kids.
I just don't know if I am ready to walk from her.
She is a better mom to my boys than their own mother.
