Original Response: 
**TL;DR** Co-worker is invasive, but I may be taking it the wrong way.
Background: I'm a dude (35) working an office job.
Happily married to my wife of two years (28).
A new co-worker of mine has been flirtatious (not reciprocated), but I wrote it off as her being overly friendly.
However, she regularly asks questions about my wife.
They ranged from her age, to her occupation, and so on and so forth.
We may be cordial and friendly but we are by no means friends.
The other day she requested to see a picture of my wife out of the blue, citing "her curiosity".
Maybe I'm jumping to conclusions, but that seems a little weird.
Is it normal to be this nosy about relationships?
What could this chick stand to gain by knowing more about my wife/what she looks like?
&amp;#x200B;

Edit:: Thanks for the input!
Maybe I'm being too wary, maybe I'm not.
I did tell my wife earlier, and she got a chuckle out of the situation.
She shrugged her shoulders and said, "If she wants a photo of me, give it to her.
I'll even sign it."
So clearly, she's not particularly bothered by it.
Suspicious or not, I figure I'll keep my distance anyway.
&amp;#x200B;

There are different opinions on what constitutes as "flirting."
I'm no Arnold, but lifting/staying strong is an important part of my life now, particularly after recovering from five years of major health issues.
I get a few comments here and there on my progress at work, but commenting on specific body parts (saying how my bicep is bigger than her thigh) seems a little bit off to me.
I'm a flirtatious girl and when I know a cute boy is taken, I always ask about his gf/wife.
Its kind of saying, "I know about your relationship and I am not trying to take it down."
I second this and tend to do the same thing.
It's a way of showing respect for their relationship.
Me too!
It's a way of going "Hey, I am not going to pretend your partner doesn't exist".
Me three.
It's a good way to make sure they know that you know that you know that they're taken.
Huh, that does make sense.
So would you consider a request to see pictures of a guy's gf a way to further acknowledge he is taken?
yeah probably, especially if I’m trying to be friendly.
work can sometimes suck and if i’m working by someone, time can go by a lot easier if we’re at least office friends.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
He picture makes me wonder if she's curious to find her in social media (lots of people share names, similar age, etc so the photo would help pinpoint).
But this had been a brainstorming of possibilities rather than "this thing is def her deal" since it's hard to tell from a text standpoint.
[removed]
Well idk about the “if they are taken” part, more of just a friendly gesture.
Nah, I don't think that's what this is.
She asked things like her age and to see her picture.
And from what OP has said, it doesn't seem like these questions came up naturally based on the conversation.
She seems like she's digging for information.
No.
Honestly it's just kinda weird.
I wouldn't be surprised if she's hardcore stalking your social media and your wife's as well.
Everything she has asked has been just weird enough to be unsettling but not enough to be blatantly problematic.
Bottom line is she's making you uncomfortable by requesting so much personal information and that's enough to be a problem.
When I've heard about someone a decent amount I like putting a face to the name.
My boss talks about his daughter a lot, at this point I feel like I know her, but I didn't get to see a picture of her until last week.

Summary: 
I second this and tend to do the same thing.
She asked things like her age and to see her picture.
She seems like she's digging for information.
Nah, I don't think that's what this is.
Its kind of saying, "I know about your relationship and I am not trying to take it down."
It's a way of showing respect for their relationship.
However, she regularly asks questions about my wife.
