Original Response: 
So today I was hanging out at my neighbors house just talking and getting to know each other.
They're pretty chill and I really felt like this would lead to a great friendship.
After a couple hours of banter I started feeling my gate to the nether weakening and I knew it was time to go make a deposit into the toilet so I politely asked to go to the bathroom, a completely normal thing to do right?
They informed me that the light in there was broken so I was just like whatever I'll use my phone as a flashlight to make sure no brown substances were remaining on my crevice.
I go in there and Im just going through the routine, browsing reddit, trying to make my bowel movements quiet as possible, yall know the drill.
However once I reached the wiping phase, my life changed.
I commenced the first wipe like usual, checked it out with the light, I knew I'd definitely need to do some more rounds.
After a few wipes, the scariest moment of my life occured.
My flashlight lit up the toilet paper and what I saw made me feel fear unimaginable by the human psyche until felt firsthand.
I saw a black snake like creature wrapped around my hand, and my brain immediately thought I was infected with some kinda anal superworm.
I let out a bloodcurling shriek.
One that you'd hear in the depths of hell.
In my instinct driven spasm I somehow broke the toilet seat and my ass fell into the fucking toilet.
I was in a primal state I can't even explain.
I was desperately flaying my body around like a dying fish trying to find this ass demon but I couldn't find it anywhere.
My neighbors were extremely worried thinking I was dying of a heart attack/seizure/stroke in their bathroom, but I didn't give two shits.
My inards were being harvested by some kinda alien species, why the fuck would I care what they think?
After about 45 seconds of searching for the little shit I started coming to my senses.
If there really was something living in my anus, where the fuck did it go?
Then I looked down, and felt the worst embarrassment in my entire life.
The black, slithering, slimy, snake like worm wasn't a parasite, it was my hoodie string.
I just destroyed my neighbor's toliet, screamed caveman like shouts, and threw my body around like a retarded octopus, over a fucking hoodie string.
My neighbor's concerned voice turned into a "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN THERE???"
At this point and I was speechless.
I tried to muster up some kind of explanation but I could only mutter "Im...Im so...sor....sorry."
I was scared to open the door, but I knew it had to be done.
I opened it to see the faces of a family that won a free trip to a zoo, but got tricked into going to an insane asylum.
They just stared at me.
I just stared back while covered in shit water and a face of a man who survived the Holocaust.
I didn't know what to say so I just muttered "I'll see myself out."
and they didn't even respond.
I silently waddled out the door and walked to my house with a broken soul.
I feel terrible.
I broke their toilet and obviously need to compensate them for the damages, but I dont know if I can ever see them again without having horrible flashbacks.
I truly am a lost man.
I will never be the same.
TL;DR I thought my hoodie string was a parasite from my anus and broke my neighbors toliet.
Kind of similar story:

My 15yo sister got up from the toilet and was mortified, it was all red in there, bloodred.
I can't even begin to imagine, what she must have thought in that instant, but she gathered some courage and went slowly, shaking, to mom, told her about it.
Mom was rather calm, because my sis said that it wasn't red when she wiped, so there should be no reason to be afraid.
Later that night, when dad went to sleep after working almost all day in the garage, mom told him about what happened.
My dad started laughing, because he poured a bucket full of beetroot juice in the toilet that day.
And he just didn't flush, as that would have been wasteful.
I just love to imagine my poor sister's reaction, because it is such a harmless story in the end.
Why did he have a bucket of beet juice to begin with?
Sounds like a Schrute.
and why wouldnt you just pour it down the drain?
in your kitchen?
Maybe he was worried about staining a surface in the kitchen?
Obviously he was reaping hella gains and disposed of the leftovers in the toilet after he chugged all he could at the gym.
Fucking Mose.
Same thing happened to me once.
Stood up and found the water in the toilet bowl reddish-pink.
Horrified, I told my mom about it, and she got this look of deep concern on her face and suggested we go to the doctor now.
She let me panic for a couple minutes (I had no other symptoms, so obviously it must be cancer) before she laughed and said it was just the product she used to clean the toilet.
I think she chose that cleaner on purpose, knowing one of us three kids was going to use the bathroom and have a small freak-out...
So he stained the toilet instead by leaving it there for hours and not flushing?
Bears.
Beets.
Bathroom Toiletwater.
Had a similar story recently, actually.
You ever eat dragon fruit, or pitaya?
Like a whole red dragon fruit?
I did at work for the first time.
I had to use the restroom before going home, and my urine was a dark rosy red.
I freaked out.
Started thinking all kinds of weird things because I know I wasn't on my period.
I got home, used the bathroom, and the same thing happened.
Later my boyfriend could tell something was wrong.
So I told him what I saw in the bathroom.
Well, we have a habit of sending each other random pics throughout the day (we aren't a normal couple who sexts).
So we'll send each other pics of our lunch on occasion.
You can see where this is going.
So he pulls up the pic of the dragon fruit and asks if I ate the whole thing.
Turns out, it has the same thing in beets that turns your urine (and everything else that comes out...oh yes) a nice, rosy red.
He brought me some dragon fruit a couple of days later and just started laughing when he saw the look on my face.
Why is he dumping out a whole bucket of beetroot juice?
Isn't that wasteful?
Something happend to me once.
Went to take a shit at work... stood up, and looked into the bowl before flushing and its BLACK.
Total panic, like "internal bleeding is black when it comes out"

Turned out the guys from early shift poured out the stale coffee from the nightshift and also didn't flush.
Which is a good reason to look before you sit.
did you know that if you eat or drink enough food containing a certain dye it'll turn your poop raging hulk green?
Well, the whole warehouse I worked at found out.
6-10 guys all eating and drinking the same stuff, all came in one morning acting weird.
Somebody finally brought it up and everyone realized it wasn't just them.
Turns out it was the mountain dew pitch black slurpees.
Yep!!
Grape soda will do that too, in large amounts.
Found out when I was a kid one summer.
But as a 30 something year old, it never occurred to me that just one piece of fruit could do this.
Bodies are weird things.
[It's always beets.
](https://youtu.be/Kw2WsXIgO6A)
Legit every single time I eat beetroot I have about a 30 second panic phase where I think I have bowel cancer or kidney failure the next time I go to the bathroom.
I find it crazy that so many people don't look at or even just notice the toilet water before sitting.
It's amazing how varied something like dropping a deuce can be from person to person.
Exactly.
No one needs that so it should be flushed.
[deleted]
How did the beet juice not stain the toilet bowl.
Maybe their parents are trying to have a boy this time...
Eating beetroot chips, or beetroot dip or anything else with lots of beetroot = pink pee and purple poo.
Very distressing.
Thought I was bleeding from a UTI.... Until I remembered by earlier snack.
Oops.
Right?
How are you supposed to make sure there’s not a shark or something in there waiting for you.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hello, mr. Schrute.
Or, God forbid, someone else's piss.
Nobody wants a golden Poseidon's kiss.
I once was about to do the dirty at an office stall until a brief look at the toilet I saw a couple thin brown legs.
I kicked the toilet seat and a wolf spider repositioned itself in the bowel to see who the asshole was that woke it up from its poo-side nap.
I gave him the itsy bitsy spider treatment and shat on his face for good measure.
I'm sure the little shit won't be climbing up that spout again.
Most people are dumb.
That is all.
Deserved for eating beetroot.
Two sheets of paper folded over and you will never be kissed again.
If I'm at home, I'm used to certain things.
I'm so comfortable, I could move around blindly.
Last week I had a guest for an hour, then he went away and I headed to the toilet.
I almost sat into it with the toilet seat up, because I was used to not having to look.
At a restaurant I'd surely look around and into the toilet before sitting on it.
Well...
It's a toilet.
Some people do it this way, just because.
My parents did it and my grandparents do it as well, it has never occurred to me that I shouldn't be doing it this way.
Wat_
If your toilet is constipated, pouring a bucket of beet juice lets it get going again.
im dead.
lmao.
&gt;Two sheets of paper folded over

My poo just shoots right through.
Objection!
After a mighty expulsion the kiss may yet follow.
It should absorb the impact.
If not then you might want to consider more paper.
I'm not sure you understand what a Poseidon's Kiss is.
It should, it doesn't.
I have.
The toilet struggles.
:P.
You write really well.
&gt;Two sheets of paper folded over and you will never be kissed again.
Wow remind me to not do that.
&gt;a wolf spider repositioned itself in the bowel 

How do I delete an image from my brain?
I eat spinach salads for lunch pretty often and it results in frequent dark green Grinch shits lol.
I love your mom already!
This doesn't have the recognition it deserves.
The amount of water in a toilet will dilute the juice to the point it's not going to stain anything.
But at that point, I'm essentially taking a shit on the whole roll of toilet paper.
It was enough to make the sister think it was blood.
[deleted]
Sinks are usually stainless steel.
Eating hundreds of blueberries also does this..
...
It's never a waste to flush the toilet.
interestingly, my family lacks a traditional way of disposing of thier buckets of juice all together.
If I eat beets I will pass a nice purple red color.
It almost sent me running to the ER more than once.
Tooooooo many commas.
Felt like reading something by Shatner.
I had a similar story as your sister once, as well, about two years ago.
Except mine wasn't beet juice.
It was just regular every day blood.
And YIKES is that a scary thing to see for the first time in your life.
I was at work too, so I just saw myself out for the day.
And that's how I've started my journey with something with my stomach being messed up.
Happens now once every month to two months now.
That’s hilarious — I like to think your dad noticed the jarring red color and just closed the lid, waiting to see if mayhem would ensue.
Which it did, in a very satisfying way.
But seriously, that Portlandia sketch was dead-on: Beets, man!
With the exception of cucumbers (if you are a cat), I think beets are without a doubt the most startling vegetable on the face of the earth.
1.
Glance in the toilet after peeing and notice it’s an unsettling shade of red, have a brief heart palpitation, then remember: *Oh yeah, I ate a bunch of beets.
*
2.
Glance in the toilet after pooing, and same: *Jesus tap-dancing Christ, why TF is it MAGENTA?!
Ohhhh, yes: beets.
*
3.
See a mass of blood-red chunks spraying out the side of the lawnmower as you trim the grass around the garden and scream in abject horror, thinking *Oh GOD, NO!!!
Baby rabbits?
A KITTEN?!
* 

Nope.
Just a pile of beets you forgot about.
Pretty sure they have taken several years off my life, in total.
They really ought to come with warning labels.
Any amount of red would probably make a 15 year old think that.
I was battle hardened at 15, I had seen some shit... as in feces.
My friend had diarrhea for about 10 months and I was sent many a voice clip or picture on facebook.
I still got scared as hell and asked my dad about some red I saw, and I had seen all colors of the visible spectrum, maybe even outside the bounds of human comprehension.
&gt;My friend had diarrhea for about 10 months

wat.
Back in the early 2000's, dairy queen came out with a scooby doo blizzard for the movie.
That shit turned my poop green every time.
I have no clue.
Every shit he had for nearly a year was primarily liquid, and I guess he changed something about his diet at some point.
De icing?
Why would you do that?
Wolf spiders are not dangerous to humans and they hunt all sorts of disease carrying insects/parasites.
If I see one in my house, I just get a cup and cover it, then thump it for about 60 seconds to tire the fella out, then scoop it up in my hand and put it outside to hunt the ticks and shit on my property.
Win win.
As a person woth ibs i have diarrhea every day so its not impossible.
[Just read this to replace it with something much worse](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/14vvhp/tifu_by_not_looking_when_i_sat_down_on_a_toilet/)
Is your dad Dwight Schrute?
/r/dundermifflin.
r/unexpectedoffice.
Does the thumper method work?
Asking for a friend.
I,...*he* is always worried he might break one of there legs slipping in a note card under the glass.

Summary: 
I will never be the same.
I was at work too, so I just saw myself out for the day.
I did at work for the first time.
I love your mom already!
At this point and I was speechless.
So I told him what I saw in the bathroom.
I let out a bloodcurling shriek.
I truly am a lost man.
You can see where this is going.
Found out when I was a kid one summer.
I almost sat into it with the toilet seat up, because I was used to not having to look.
It's never a waste to flush the toilet.
Well, the whole warehouse I worked at found out.
I got home, used the bathroom, and the same thing happened.
How did the beet juice not stain the toilet bowl.
I didn't know what to say so I just muttered "I'll see myself out."
I was scared to open the door, but I knew it had to be done.
Like a whole red dragon fruit?
I was in a primal state I can't even explain.
Something happend to me once.
Started thinking all kinds of weird things because I know I wasn't on my period.
If I eat beets I will pass a nice purple red color.
I was battle hardened at 15, I had seen some shit... as in feces.
Why did he have a bucket of beet juice to begin with?
Why would you do that?
I'm so comfortable, I could move around blindly.
Felt like reading something by Shatner.
Except mine wasn't beet juice.
If your toilet is constipated, pouring a bucket of beet juice lets it get going again.
I had a similar story as your sister once, as well, about two years ago.
Same thing happened to me once.
