Original Response: 
[casual] So I've decided it's time to complete my collection of breedables properly.
I.e.
get a copy of each in as good a matching ball as possible, with max egg moves and Hidden Ability.
&amp;nbsp;

It's shaping up to be a Mamoswine-esque task so I'm appealing to the good peeps of /r/pokemontrades.
Thus I'm here with an excerpt of my [spreadsheet] (https://drive.google.com/open?id=1GNS2IWSTIx1D1XwxH2j55WlYm4pxl-IL) (just gen I for now) to see if y'all are interested.
&amp;nbsp;

Essentially anything highlighted in yellow is a thing I'm missing of that specific mon.
For example; 

* **Seel** over there has his picture and name in white, meaning I already have a Seel, 
* However the HA and premier ball are highlighted yellow, meaning the Seel I do have is lacking these traits
* You'll notice too that in the egg moves column, Fake Out is white whilst the others yellow.
I.e My current Seel has Fake Out but not the other egg moves

&amp;nbsp;


So basically if that all makes sense, I can breed anything on the sheet if you have something that will turn a yellow thing white and get me closer to my goal (egg moves aren't hard and fast, they're just a suggestion, hence why I didn't fill in the ones for Diglett since I was lazy)

&amp;nbsp;

Thanks for humouring me

Enjoy!
Hiya, Taco!
Alrighty, so [here's](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/119Rd1HsajQlU17mX5YFoMxtSF9y4r0x7m3_xgKS2rA0/edit?usp=sharing) my good ol' spreadsheet.
I'm mainly looking for Shop Ball HA Fossils and Deerling (Summer, Autumn and Winter) combinations that I don't currently own.
I can breed on any missing EMs.
If they have USUM exclusive Egg Moves, I'll prioritise breeding those on :)
Right.
Coolies, I see in your on hands you have a 4EM Pansear, I have a 6 IV Nest Ball Summer Deer on hand myself actually.
I can also breed Timer Ball Winter and Repeat Ball Autumn (all with 4RMs of course)

If those take your fancy, would a Moon A.Rattata and Heavy HA Magnemite be doable?
Yup, I'd be interested in the deers you have there :D But I'd prolly prefer breedjects (i.e., save your 6IV for future trades), I don't really need perfect IV mons :P    
And actually, I was planning to breed USUM exclusive Egg Moves (Belch and Flare Blitz) to my Pansear soon :'D Would you be keen on that instead of my On-Hand Pansears?
Ha well would you believe it is a breeject?!
Some strong genes in that pool obviously.
So it's ok. And yeah sounds good to me re the Pansear for sure.
Lol, okay :3
The elemental monkeys have some staggering gender ratio so it may take a while for me to breed on those Egg Moves :'D I'll get back to you as soon as possible when I'm done breeding!
Yeah I hear ya.
Gosh darn the Patriarchal society of apes.
No prob.
Got your deers ready for when you're back.
Not sure if you're still up but I'm done :D   
 
The goddess of luck was nice to me as I scored a female HA Pansear on my 2nd egg while breeding for Belch.
(First egg is also a female but it's non-HA) Subsequent eggs for Flare Blitz were male tho... Goddess must've went for her beauty sleep ( ; ∀ ;)
Sweet.
Yep, still up!
I'll meet ya online in a sec.
Sorry!
I fell asleep &gt;w&lt; I'm available to trade now :D.
Yeah me too!
On both accounts.
Meet ya online if you're up for it?
Absolutely!
I'll head online in plaza ASAP!
Aight.
I'll await your arrival.
Thanks for the trade!
Good luck completing your collection :D.
Yeah thanks friendo.
See you 'round!

Summary: 
I can breed on any missing EMs.
Good luck completing your collection :D.
Meet ya online if you're up for it?
If they have USUM exclusive Egg Moves, I'll prioritise breeding those on :)
I'll meet ya online in a sec.
I fell asleep &gt;w&lt; I'm available to trade now :D.
