Original Response: 
So more than half should've been shipped back without a hearing.
They could have a hearing.
But it should have lasted about 5 minutes.
[deleted]
You didn't read the article did you?
&gt;However, it is not clear how many of those actually held permanent residency status versus a soon-to-expire temporary protected status or even a travel visa.
We don't know from the source how many of those should be returning to the US.

If they only had a temp status, should they be accepted in Canada?
My answer would be No.
That's correct.
If they crossed at an official crossing they would have been denied.
Make it 3 and you got a deal.
All right, you can come in.
Here's the date of your hearing.
Be sure to be there on June 9th 2021.
Have a good day sir.
Sending them back to the US simply isn't an option once they are on Canadian soil.
The US will not take them back.
Edit: how is this getting so many downvotes?
It is a simple statement of fact.
If the US won't agree to take them back we can't send them to the US.
&gt;You didn't read the article did you?
&gt;  
&gt;However, it is not clear how many of those actually held permanent residency status versus a soon-to-expire temporary protected status or even a travel visa.
&gt;  
&gt;We don't know from the source how many of those should be returning to the US.
If we're following the law, every one of them.
They landed in the US, the UN Conventions on Refugees are clear that they get to attempt an asylum claim in the US else they go back to their nation of origin.
They don't get to shop around to find a willing patron... legally anyway.
Yeah it's a shit show.
I don't mind helping people that need the help, but if they've lived in the states, and are just refusing to go back to their country because they've adapted to the way of life in North America, then they should apply for immigration just like everyone else.
My parents didn't work their asses off getting near perfect scores on the TOEFL or going through arduous checking and interviewing to immigrate here on a skills basis just to have other people cut in front of them by claiming asylum.
Nothing against people who actually desperately need help, but just letting them wander about while waiting ages for their day in court doesn't sound very efficient at all.
It actually is an option.
There is infrastructure in place for this at at least one Quebec crossing.
It is the same approach Australia takes.
I don't want to have to pay for their hearing in 2021.
Please push it to 2050 or after.
What do you mean?
It's not an infrastructure problem.
The US simply won't take back any of these people if they don't have to.
Once they are in Canada they are our responsibility.
What does Australia do that you are referring to?
Edit: a word.
Could you point out which article in the UNCPRSR states that they have to attempt asylum in the first country?
I tried to find it, but couldn't.
http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.
[deleted]
&gt;Article 31  
&gt;refugees unlawfully in the country of refugee

&gt;1.
The Contracting States shall not impose penalties, on account of their
illegal entry or presence, on refugees who, **coming directly from a territory
where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1, enter or
are present in their territory without authorization**, provided they present
themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their
illegal entry or presence.
&gt;2.
The Contracting States shall not apply to the movements of such refugees
restrictions other than those which are necessary and such restrictions
shall only be applied until their status in the country is regularized or they
obtain admission into another country.
The Contracting States shall allow
such refugees a reasonable period and all the necessary facilities to obtain
admission into another country.
We don't have to accept refugees who enter illegally, unless they are coming ***directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened***.
And the law we have with the US (Safe-third country) means we don't have to accept them at US-Canada border crossings.
Basically, we don't have to accept any refugees coming in from the US, whether at a legal crossing or not.
None.
That's 25,000 people we didn't have to accept, but our government, for some fucked up reason, decided to.
Unfortunately Canada is starting to have the same terrible issues as Europe is experiencing with extreme violence, rape and terrorism.
Your bold and italicized requote conveniently forgets the part stating "in the sense of article 1".
What does article 1 have to say about being a refugee (for our purposes)?
It essentially says a refugee is a person that has a "wellfounded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or political opinion, is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or, owing to such fear, is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country".
That means, IMO, in combination with Article 31, if they can prove that they are a legit refugee, but still felt fear from the actions (or potential actions) of the US (like how Trump wants to deport a lot of them back to their home nations which they fled), they can then attempt refugee status in Canada.
Obviously this only applies to legit refugees.
But then again, we are only allowing the legit refugees to stay, others are being denied.
The fuck?
That's not even remotely true.
Meanwhile the U.S. has 10x the violent crime that Canada and most European countries have.
And Russia, where you're probably posting from, is even more fucked up than America.
Okay, then let's send them back to wherever they came from.
100% of people claiming refugee status at the border are fakers and charlatans.
100%.
[deleted]
A. ironically, US actually does have 10x the population.
So, you know, you would sort of expect 10x the violent crime.
B.
He said Europe, not US.
I meant per-capita.
Time to build a wall.
Cheaper than paying 200 a night to house these people.
Australia has essentially an internment camp system.
TeamCanadaVD is advocating a solution that amnesty international has condemned as inhuman.
[https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2018/02/manus-island-australia-abandons-refugees-to-a-life-of-uncertainty-and-peril/](https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2018/02/manus-island-australia-abandons-refugees-to-a-life-of-uncertainty-and-peril/)
[deleted]
that would be racist though.
Not that trolls want to educate themselves, but if anyone else is interested (as Germany took in 1.3 million refugees over the past few years, thought it would be a good comparison):

http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/compare/Canada/Germany/Crime.
Lol.
Have you checked how much a wall would cost?
Haha you cant cool me JT.
I know its you.
Don’t forget to collect your $1600 monthly paycheque per adult while waiting for your hearing.
Yeah.
I was mostly trying to figure out if that is specifically what he was referring to, since it that seems a bit out of left field.
That's a stretch.
You're basically saying that denying someone refugee status is threatening their life/freedom based on race/religion/nationality/etc and makes them a refugee.. 

And if we are denying people, wouldn't we deport them back to the nations they fled?
Thus making them feel threatened for their life/freedom, ultimately making them a refugee by your standard..

Hmm..
Denying a legit refugee, status as a refugee, is definitely wrong, and a violation of the convention.
So if they flee to another country to get asylum from convention violators, they are absolutely still a refugee.
That said, if you deny a refugee because their asylum claim is bogus, you have to send them back to their home nation, not wherever they just came from.
So a Haitian that came from the US into Canada would go back to Haiti, not the US.
The solution to the backlog is more people dealing with cases.
But you just know the Conservatives would complain about the increase in spending even if it pays for itself in less spent feeding/sheltering  people.
No it's to deport people illegally crossing the border from the U.S.
Without due process, that's not an option.
There’s no need for a hearing if they’re factually not a refugee.
If the individual wants to make a claim that they are benign wrongly persecuted by the US government where they fear for their life then there would be a hearing.
The US government would be interested to see what sorts of claims are being made against it.
So which legitimate refugees are being denied in the US?
&gt;So a Haitian that came from the US into Canada would go back to Haiti, not the US.
And that's causing a lot of issues.
A ton of Haitians are coming into Canada under the belief they'll get asylum, and they are getting deported at very high rates (over 90%).
And yet they'd still be legally entitled to be in the US for at least another year.
I don't know if any are, there was that list of like 8 countries: Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen, that Trump set new rules for.
All refugees from those countries were detained upon the order being signed.
Then an injunction halted that executive order.
Then the USSC killed the injunctions.
So refugees from those nations, although Iraq might have been removed, can't make asylum claims in the US since that executive order.
Then there is the cancellation of the TPS program, which helps people whose countries are ravaged by national emergences, like the Haitians, also Sudan, Nepal, El Salvador, and Nicaragua.
I'm okay with Haitians not getting asylum here, since they already have protection in the US.
Once that has ended, depending on the situation in Haiti, we can look at it.
Same goes for the other countries that fell under this program.
If Australia doesn't want to give a hearing to claimant, they drop the them off in Nauru.
They say they are meeting the requirements of the refugee convention because they are being dropped off/detained, in an ostensibly safe country.
Similarly, Canada could claim we are meeting our convention obligations by returning illegal/irregular crossers to the US without a hearing as the US is ostensibly safe country.
The US does take them back, that's exactly what happens if they present at an official border crossing.
They are turned around and given to the US.
I believe in quebec there are a number of smaller crossings so instead of being turned straight around, anyone presenting at one of the smaller crossing is brought over to a larger crossing(st bernard maybe) and handed over there.
Are you aware of the rape gangs in Sweden among other areas and of course the terrorist attacks in London and France?
Are you aware of the growing amount of 'no-go' zones across Europe?
Haven't you been watching the news in GTA over the last year?
Haven't you heard of the rape gangs in Sweden, terrorist attacks in London and France and 'no-go' zones across Europe?
&gt; Haven't you heard of the rape gangs in Sweden

That seems fake.
The 'no-go zone' thing is totally bullshit.
And not much has happened in Canada.
Don't you watch/read the news?
I don't know what bubble you live in....
Let's see what you got.
It seems to be a very common misconception that we are *choosing* not to send people back to the US.
The fact of the matter is that we cannot dump people in another country if that country does not agree to let them in.
We can only turn people back at legal border crossings because that is all the US agreed to in the Safe Third Country Agreement.
Australia is able to operate their detention centre in Nauru because Nauru agreed to it.
Australia signed a deal with them back in 2001 where they could build their detention centre there in exchange for tens of millions of dollars in development aid.
They are also only able to send people there if they are intercepted before they land on Australian soil.
Lol.
We are already seeing it on the news in Canada most notably in the GTA on almost a daily basis and the violence seems to be growing worse, just look at how many shootings they have had in the past few months alone.
You tube has tons of videos on the rape gangs and no go zones in Europe, you can spend hours watching them if you wish.
links?
sounds like bullshit.
Links to what exactly bruh?
Did you actually go on you tube?
We'll get Trump to pay for it.
Are you aware the earth is flat and have you heard of slender man?
&gt; 100% of people claiming refugee status at the border are fakers and charlatans.
100%.
I'm sure you already know that's wrong but in case anyone else sees this - it's complete bullshit disinformation.
You're funny but also naive.
Do yourself a favour and spend some time on you tube..
They were in the United States.
They can make their claim in America.
There was one sob story on the CBC about a guy from Ghana who got his hands amputated from frostbite because he crossed into Manitoba in the middle of winter.
Of course, he had originally gone to Brazil or Argentina and made his way overland through a half dozen south and Central American countries, but didn't make his claim there.
Then he got to Mexico, and didn't make a claim.
Then he snuck into America, and didn't make a refugee claim.
If you can pass through ten other countries and not claim refugee status, congratulations, you're not a refugee, and you have to go back.
Lmao.
That one anecdotal story is all well and good, but many of the border crossers have had their asylum claims granted.
Your claim is 100% incorrect, just want anyone else reading to know that.
Just because our government is granting status doesn't mean they're legitimate refugees.
It just means that our government is bamboozling Canadian citizens and putting their interests behind liars and frauds.
Lmao so you're saying "just because they're qualifying as refugees, doesn't mean they're refugees"?
Am I reading that correctly?
Bold move, let's see how it plays out.
If they deserved temp status then no.
If they legitimately deserve a long term status but the US said fuck them anyways then it becomes our responsibility to be the better man and grant them it.
This is why we give them a hearing at the refugee board.
To determine for ourselves if they should or shouldn't be deported on a case by case basis.
I don’t agree that is our responsibility.
It's our compassion.
Either you got it out you don't.
Also it is our legal responsibility.
You have a right to due process under the Charter.
The moment they cross into Canada to make that claim they retain that right.
Hey sure, you do compassionate.
Why don’t you put a few of them up in your place?
Canada is suppose to serve Canadians,  not lawless failed American immigrant rejects.
What you say is compassion I say is naive and misguided.
Unfortunately it’s gonna take a 5 or 10 years for this to play out and there will be no going back.
Importing poverty creates more poverty in Canada.
[deleted]

Summary: 
The US will not take them back.
So which legitimate refugees are being denied in the US?
They can make their claim in America.
Obviously this only applies to legit refugees.
The US simply won't take back any of these people if they don't have to.
They could have a hearing.
He said Europe, not US.

If they only had a temp status, should they be accepted in Canada?
100% of people claiming refugee status at the border are fakers and charlatans.
No it's to deport people illegally crossing the border from the U.S.
Then he snuck into America, and didn't make a refugee claim.
They are turned around and given to the US.
Once they are in Canada they are our responsibility.
We don't know from the source how many of those should be returning to the US.
&gt; 100% of people claiming refugee status at the border are fakers and charlatans.
Basically, we don't have to accept any refugees coming in from the US, whether at a legal crossing or not.
So a Haitian that came from the US into Canada would go back to Haiti, not the US.
This is why we give them a hearing at the refugee board.
I don't want to have to pay for their hearing in 2021.
If they deserved temp status then no.
Either you got it out you don't.
What does article 1 have to say about being a refugee (for our purposes)?
I don't know what bubble you live in....
It actually is an option.
Then he got to Mexico, and didn't make a claim.
&gt;So a Haitian that came from the US into Canada would go back to Haiti, not the US.
If the US won't agree to take them back we can't send them to the US.
The moment they cross into Canada to make that claim they retain that right.
