Original Response: 
The claim that Christians and Muslims believe in the same God is fairly controversial, but I'm interested to know if you apply the same standard to this question that you would in determining if any two people on Earth were the same person or not, where you woupd stand on the issue.
Let me give an example from my own life to illustrate what I mean.
I have 2 half siblings and 2 full siblings.
My half siblings and I have the same father but different mothers.
My half siblings, for reasons unknown to me, are not fond of my father and have had virtually no contact with him since I was born.
If they were to describe our dad to a third party, their description of him would be very different from mine.
They might say he was an absent father, that he was unkind or selfish, and that he didn't treat their mother well (these are just descriptions pulled out of thin air, I don't actually know what they would say about him, as they never speak about him to me.)
On the other hand, if I were to describe my dad to the same third party, I would say he is the most kind and generous man I know, that he is always there for his children, and that he treats his wife like a queen.
Would this third party be justified in believing that my half siblings and I don't have the same father?
While he definitively is the biological father to all of us, my half siblings and my full siblings describe completely different people.
This seems analogous to me to the situation between the Islamic and the Christian views of the Abrahamic God.
Both are seen to be the one and only creator of the universe, the same God that spoke to Abraham and formed the tribes of Isreal, and accomplished many of the same deeds.
But many believe they are not the same God because the attributes they ascribe to him are very different.
In my opinion, they are describing the same God, and simply disagree on what the most accurate description of him is.
What do you think, including whether or not you think this analogy applies and if not, why?
*Edited for spelling*

Edit: /u/Mojosam provided the most convincing argument of the thread and I've changed my view, so apologies if I don't reply to further comments.
Thanks for the discussion, folks!

Summary: 
My half siblings and I have the same father but different mothers.
I have 2 half siblings and 2 full siblings.
