Original Response: 
Hey all,

I posted a while back in regards to the Breeze 2’s abhorrent coil situation, in that they’re constantly burning out.
I’ve gone through about 7 or 8 coils in about two weeks.
I went to my local vape shop and had a conversation with a few people there, who’d given me the suggestion to draw harder so that more juice can go up into the coil so it wouldn’t burn — that did make sense, but I’m finding that it didn’t do much extra for the life of it.
I’m on the market for a new system altogether so that I don’t have to keep buying coils.
I love nic salts because they hit harder, so I’m seeing a lot of different kits like the Suorin Air, Voopoo Panda, and other pod systems that support them.
What do you guys use for your nic salts?
Thanks in advance, still pretty new to vaping in general but they’ve kept me off cigarettes for a full month now, so I’m wanting to learn more.
Edit: added number of coils used.
I'd recommend checking out the mi-pod but the reality is since your new I'll give you a little tip, anytime your buying premade coils there is always the chance of getting a bad one.
Also vape shops dont give good advice at all.
I should have clarified that I’ve gone through 7 or 8 coils in two weeks or so.
Yeah I read that but lots of factors come into play.
Could be a bum coil, could be the wrong juice could be the amount of sweetener in the juice.
Depends which coil as well.
There are 3 options.
True enough, yeah.
I’ve only ever used 1.0s because the 0.6 that came in the initial kit had intense spitback for whatever reason; generally I like how the 1.0s perform but wish they’d stay alive longer than two days.
Looking at the Mi-Pod, it looks gorgeous.
Interesting lil’ thing.
I liked the 1s better.
Prucahaed 10 more coils.
Had 1 bad one out of 8 used lol that's pretty good.
Mi pod I havent had a bad one yet.
Interesting.
The guy at the store told me that sweeter juices burn coils faster and I thought he was joking.
How the hell are you suppose to know if it's too sweet?
It's not like you see the nutritional information of it lol.
The sweeter it tastes, the more likely it is to ruin your wicking more quickly.
There are many mixers out there that don’t use any sweeteners.
I use red house vapor for my salt juices.
That's actually true lol you can tell from the taste.
Sweetener filled juices also leave a sweet aftertaste on your tongue.
That’s exactly what I was told and wondering too.
I vape Beard Salt sweet and sour peach, and I know it tastes sweet but it’s supposed to, and you’re right in that you can’t look at nutritional information lol.
If you get sugar lips while vaping it then it likely has excess sweetener.
There's also a Google doc with sweetener free vendors, but it might be out of date and I don't have a link handy.
A good rule of thumb for juice you haven't used yet is that if the packaging has brightly colored weird font, is reminiscent of a candy wrapper, uses a z instead of an s, and/or isn't available directly from the manufacturer then it's likely laden with sweetener.

Summary: 
I liked the 1s better.
Depends which coil as well.
Edit: added number of coils used.
I use red house vapor for my salt juices.
What do you guys use for your nic salts?
