Original Response: 
My opinion: fuck it.
we owe them.
Most of Reddit: Stop giving natives things.
We took their land get over it.
Edit you downvote because it's true.
My opinion: fuck the circle jerk.
They're using private funds to purchase a share of equity in a project.
Same thing anyone can do.
What does this have to do with "owing" them anything?
&gt;Same thing anyone can do.
You sure about This?
Well, it's not just something anyone can do.
Shares in the pipeline aren't up for sale in any market.
A deal would need to be brokered between the current owners and the perspective buyers.
It's not like buying stocks or bonds.
The owners can very much say "no, we're not going to sell it to you", and that will be that.
Which is why the pipeline has been delayed.
First nations have shown interest in a stake in the pipeline since March earlier this year.
https://business.financialpost.com/commodities/energy/rpt-canadas-first-nations-seek-bigger-stakes-profits-from-oil-sector.
The government makes billions and billions from land they did not have permission to use.
Or in some cases didn't have permission to abuse.
Yet non FN Canadians get their panties in a twist when the government spends a little of of that on them.
We didn't invade Canada and conquer it.
We make deals with the civilizations that already existed on.
Deals with individual nations.
To use land.
They were generous enough to share this land.
The government was to hold profits from land resources in first accounts and told the FN they would provide a good life for them with this money.
We put them on reserves, stole their children in attempt to wipe out their culture.
(Don't have to keep your word if there's no Indians left right?)
Then after the abusive clusterfuck was over all the descents of those who came here want FN to just accept it and get over it.
Woe to the conquered.
Lots of natives want people to get over it as well.
Fine clarification on my statement: anyone with the funds to do so is eligible baring the owner/operator is compliant with their request.
I.e: if you had the money sitting aside and the owners were looking to reduce their risk by selling off portions of the project you would be able to buy equity in the project.
This has been going on with pipelines for decades.
Nothing special or "owed" here.
&gt;and the owners were looking to reduce their risk by selling off portions of the project.
[removed]
You dont think it would be a good idea to recoup some of our money on this project at this point?
What if the project is delayed for a year?
Or killed entirely?
I believe that if we don't sell off portions of the project to the people protesting against it, it will be delayed indefinitely.
&gt; we owe them.
WE owe them nothing.

Summary: 
We took their land get over it.
What if the project is delayed for a year?
Same thing anyone can do.
&gt;Same thing anyone can do.
Which is why the pipeline has been delayed.
What does this have to do with "owing" them anything?
