Original Response: 
&gt; "Best bang for the buck you'll get in political donations in your life," the younger Turnbull tweeted.
"Tight race, tight margin for government, big incremental effect whatever happens.
If you want a federal election now this is the means by which to achieve it."
Oooh now this sounds spicy, I really want a general election so I can boot this lot out.
&gt;	"If you want a federal election now this is the means by which to achieve it."
On the strength of that: https://www.wentworthlabor.com/donations

Currently at $7,445.00 of a $30,000 goal.
Threw in ten bucks myself to help out.
:: Edit ::
Now $12,300!
It’s still unlikely.
McGowan and Katter have already pledged support, so the government can afford to lose two seats.
Even three, Sharkie might come to their rescue as well.
Don't expect Katter or McGowan to hold onto that sentiment too tightly, if they want to firm up their re-election chances to astronomical heights l they can go with the huge public sentiment to kick the LNP out of Government.
Indi and Kennedy are either Indepedent or LNP barring something peculiar, so they can strike while the LNP has nothing if they want.
Indi is very right leaning as you've said, McGowan really only had a chance originally due to people's dislike of Mirabella.
McGowan's well liked and supported now, but she won't last long if she's seen to be undermining conservative policies or feeding "chaos" up in Canberra.
That probably goes triple for Katter.
Their best option is to support the government and try and milk out some pork barreling for their electorates.
There are just as many votes in getting rid of the current government after the last month.
They are independent seats largely because of anti-major sentiment, and that would only be strengthened in the current climate of those seats.
I think McGowan's position of voting wherever she wants on issues but not voting to bring down the government is fairly reasonable and well understood in the electorate.
It's not the way I would vote if in her position but it's pragmatic and clear headed.
I think voting the government down in a confidence motion would be more damaging for her - not necessarily because it's anti-conservative but because it's disruptive and "political"
The only one who we know for sure would vote against the government is the Greens’ Adam Bandt, all the others seem happy to prop up the LNP.
and Wilkie, soz, I always forget him &lt;3.
The story of how Cathy McGowan became the local member is fascinating.
It just goes to show if the Liberals had made even slightly more effort, they probably wouldn't have lost the seat.
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-09-13/cassidy-indi/4955258

"The McGowan campaign had its critics.
One of them, Nicola Bussell, a lamb producer from Carboor, paid for  an open letter to be published in the Border Mail, the Wangaratta Chronicle and the Benalla Ensign.
In that letter Bussell wrote of Mirabella that she "doesn't shy away from conflict or skirt around sensitive issues, preferring to call a spade a spade, the old fashioned way."
Bussell argued that Mirabella, as a member of the Coalition would be part of a future government,  **while McGowan, in the absence of a hung parliament, would be a backbencher with limited  clout**."
Funny how that worked out, isn't it?
I also think, especially since her own electorate had to convince her to run, she won't prop up the government no matter what.
If they go too far, she won't support them, so they have to behave themselves at least to some degree.
Wilkie has said he will support a no confidence motion.
I’m embarrassed to admit that I’m related to that woman.
Her and her husband are the joke of their community, and they don’t even know it.
When Cathy got re-elected, *someone* cut her face out of all the campaign posters on properties near theirs.
Funny that.
Katter REALLY wants to broaden the banking royal commission though, so it's unlikely his support is as firm as they'd like.
&gt; They are independent seats largely because of anti-major sentiment

Not so much for Indi; the sitting Liberal member in the seat wasn't popular and made some public gaffes.
Voice for Indi was a thing, and there were definitely some in the electorate who thought they were neglected just due to being a safe seat, but I think if the 2013 election was replayed again between an unknown Liberal and an unknown independent, the Liberal candidate would walk it in.
It's a conservative seat that voted against an unpopular local member more than it's an independent seat.
While I agree with you re:2013.
I think you need to accept that the last 5 years happened.
McGowan is a great rural MP and Mirabella was horrendous.
That counts for something.
As you have said; Voice for Indi started because a major party politician was doing a shit job.
Indi has a voice now.
&gt;McGowan responded: "There is no 'just' attached to being a member of parliament.
I will be the member for Indi, a voice for the electorate."
&gt;And in a direct message to the Coalition, she said : "You should have seen this coming, guys."
Mirabella took the seat for granted, and lost it.
She was never in it for the voters, and the voters noticed.
Relying on Katter?
Safe as houses mate.
Because he always attends Parliament and isn't as mad as a cut snake.
&gt;Not so much for Indi

For these rural seats that are Coalition strongholds an independent will typically hold the seat until they die/retire or until there is a huge nationwide/statewide swing to the Coalition, the independents support or lack thereof has basically no impact.
Check out the independents around Dubbo and Orange over the last few decades, those seats are just as conservative as Indi.
&gt;$7,445.00 of a $30,000

You have committed a grave sin.
You either use decimal places or you don't.
$7,445 of a $30,000.
A lot of the loons who vote Katter hate the liberal party.

Summary: 
Indi has a voice now.
I will be the member for Indi, a voice for the electorate."
Mirabella took the seat for granted, and lost it.
It's a conservative seat that voted against an unpopular local member more than it's an independent seat.
Wilkie has said he will support a no confidence motion.
While I agree with you re:2013.
If you want a federal election now this is the means by which to achieve it."
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-09-13/cassidy-indi/4955258

"The McGowan campaign had its critics.
&gt;	"If you want a federal election now this is the means by which to achieve it."
