Original Response: 
Talk about your day.
Anything goes, but subreddit rules still apply.
Please be polite to each other!
hi guys!
i’ve been starting to exercise recently to work on my tummy fats especially, so i’ve been mainly doing abs workouts routines and also thighs.
but is it normal for me not to feel the post workout burn in my stomach area?
and any tips for tummy fat loss?
i’m not sure if this targeted exercises will help.
i’ve been also tryna eat healthier!
Eat less rice/carbs, do sit ups and squats.
Less rice, cut sugar completely.
Cardio and core exercises will get you there.
U sound ill informed.
Spot reducing doesn't work.
this!
paging u/DasBiceps need advice.
If you do them frequently, sooner or later you’ll feel less burn, but that’s a sign you should be increasing your training intensity.
If your goal is to see your abs, eating right and doing weight training followed by high intensity interval training are more important than abs exercises.
Check out Jeremy Ethier on youtube.
you cant spot reduce fat.
to get rid of fat you need overall fat loss aka more cardio/hiit.
best way to see results is do 30 min cardio/hiit twice a week in addition to your current workout routines.
There's no such thing as targeted exercise.
You will lose tummy fat once your overall fat % is lowered.
[deleted]
Careful not to work on your abs too much at once (esp.
with oblique exercises) as that can lead to an increase in waist circumference (I personally experienced this).
like what they're saying, targeted exercises work only for developing muscle but not for burning fat.
it's also difficult to gain muscle and burn fat at the same time since one requires excess calories and the latter requires a small enough calorie intake so that your body will convert some fat into energy for your daily needs.
to lose fat all around, you just need to eat less calories and/or engage in physical activities.
activities like running or swimming help because they increase your daily calorie needs.
the kind of food you eat is not too important but healthier choices generally contain lower calories so they're easier to manage than fried and junk food.
they also reduce the risks of heart diseases, diabetes, and other illnesses because they contain less oil, sugar, and addictives.
also remember not to starve yourself for long periods of time because it may have the adverse effect.
your body could eventually adjust to a lower calorie intake by reducing your daily calorie needs.
all in all, do things in moderation and don't rush through weight loss.
hope this helps.
he should start a gyming service/advice for reddit, share and make what he love(?)
his job.
yes senpai u/Dasbiceps please be our saviour to smash all these broscience advice similarly misinformed redditors are giving OP.
yeah.
he is expert in getting 6pack.
even his biceps got 6pack leh.👍🏻.
why?
he looks very unaesthetic for someone taking capri sun.
supermarket can buy a 6 pack.

Summary: 
and any tips for tummy fat loss?
you cant spot reduce fat.
There's no such thing as targeted exercise.
i’ve been also tryna eat healthier!
Cardio and core exercises will get you there.
i’m not sure if this targeted exercises will help.
