Original Response: 
As an Australian, I equally love and hate these videos.
I love them because they are just fucking great Australians being Australian, But..
I feel pressured when family visits from USA.
My sister married an awesome guy from  Chicago (who btw has cottoned on that we are not all Steve Erwin).
If I saw that snake, I would run away with my hands in the air, using every gay gene in my God-given body proudly.
Can you imagine what a tough guy from Chicago thinks of that after he has seen about 900 times?
Massive let down.
Massive.
Like any movie produced by the same company that made The Castle after The Castle.
am talking The Dish level failure.
&gt; am talking The Dish level failure.
I loved the dish more than the castle!
Disparaging The Dish is a bootable offense!
Yes.
I am tempted to report the poster for that intransigence  ..  hold me back please.
Ohhhhh this made me laugh.
Mum picked up a koala once, I had a python fall through the roof.
I think we are all a little Steve Irwin, but if he was super more dramatic and less touchy touchy 
Cmon the dish was good as!!
!
Really, The Dish?
Maybe because The Castle was about the best film ever made in Australia, I had high expectations....
I tried to watch The Dish a few weeks ago and the acting and tv quality production  was so bad I had to turn it off.
I love Working Dog, but that films a howler.
The dish was great, and Ild be cool with dealing with that snake, only a python.
I used to follow browns and tiger around my property as a kid and watch where they went.
Once you learn to be cool with snakes, there’s nothing really that dangerous around the alpine range where I’m from.
The Dish was good man!
&gt;Can you imagine what a tough guy from Chicago thinks of that after he has seen about 900 times?
Just tell him, in a very loud voice, that his English sounds very good :)
Oh, except that you could DIEEEEE!!!
I am impressed though!
!
&gt; am talking The Dish level failure.
Well I was with you until this part.
wtf man, The Dish ruled!
Next you'll be saying Crackerjack wasn't champagne comedy.
Boo and a hiss for you mate.
Really?
I am feeling so un-Aussie.
Am the only guy in the country that hated that movie?
I am seriously going to have to re-watch it!!
!

Summary: 
I loved the dish more than the castle!
The Dish was good man!
I am feeling so un-Aussie.
Well I was with you until this part.
am talking The Dish level failure.
&gt; am talking The Dish level failure.
