Original Response: 
While overseas, one of the things we were charged with doing on a regular basis was disposing of insane amounts of illegal drugs.
We usually were most concerned with the opium/poppy industry; however, a larger pot bust was enough to give us something to do.
Typically, we would raid a compound and find a couple 100 lb sacks of ground marijuana.
Enough pot for a lifetime.
The pot fields grow wild out there, football fields in size, and 8-10 feet tall.
Sometimes taller.
It’s grown in a way that corn is grown in the civilized world, with irrigation and pesticides.
It’s a remarkable sight.
For those of you who have read my prior posts that mention marijuana use, I would like to clarify… I never touched the stuff overseas.
Far too terrifying.
They also mix pot with chicken poop and various other things so there’s another reason to steer clear.
Anyways, usually we just covered a couple hundred pounds of ground pot in diesel fuel, lit it on fire and went home.
Far too risky to hang around and wait for it to burn.
Well one day while searching a suspected HME (explosives) manufacturing house, we happened upon a room that had 7 or 8 100-pound bags (320 kg) of the sticky icky.
If you know anything about pot, you know its fluffy.
700+ pounds was an absolute mountain.
My mind reeled at how much money this would be worth back home.
A literal fortune.
This looked like The Hulk fell into a wood chipper.
A genius counterpart suggested that we bring Mt.
Kushamanjaro back to our base and burn it in our own burn pit, rather than leaving it here.
“Well that’s a clever idea!” I thought, relieved that we wouldn’t have to risk getting ambushed with the biggest freaking smoke signal ever built.
Ah but ambushed, we were.
The bags were loaded into pickup trucks and driven back to the base, hastily sliced open and dumped into the burn pit.
I ran the idea by our leadership and we had a thumbs up all around.
&amp;#x200B;

The early effects weren’t bad.
The smoke column went mostly straight up, however as it grew in size, it lazily pushed itself in the direction of the nearest guard tower, Tower 3.
Jokes went around as we awaited the results.
Coughing could be heard immediately and the private in Tower 3 called out to us: 

“Hey we need to….
We need to… do something… like… now?” I could hear the brain cells slowing with every word.
This was a churchy type kid, having never been exposed to the sticky.
“Sergeant, I’m… I’m high as shit!” He yelled moments after.
I panicked and sought a solution that would keep leadership out of it.
“Someone, relieve him!” (genius)

Several individuals raced to take over Tower 3.
We devised a plan for a 10-minute rotation until the wind subsided.
How perfectly that column of smoke engulfed the tower was perplexing.
Like a lazy pot-nado.
Around this time our fire really kicked up as the wind shifted and grew in intensity... right in the direction of the command post, and subsequently Tower 2.
Several high-ranking leaders came out, looking furious.
“Who the hell approved this!!
?” The First Sergeant yelled

“I believe you did..” The CO responded 

“Well where’s the detail that brought it in?” 

“That would be us First-Sergeant” Myself and a couple others.
I thought back to the decision-making process and realized that I had a ton of responsibility in the matter.
In fact, I was *really worried.
* Abnormally concerned… I felt myself stammering over words, felt my heart begin to race, kept thinking “ohjesusohjesusohjesus I’m going to get caught...!” It was in that moment that I realized, I was sketching.
I was proper baked, and not handling my shit well.
I turned around and just sort of, left the conversation.
My leaders did not need to see me drool.
I hazily walked back toward Tower 3, ground zero, to find a dozen or so soldiers laying in each other’s laps, goofing off, and having a ‘deep philosophical conversation’ about a bug’s journey through life.
Inert.
I wrote Tower 3 off as combat ineffective and wandered toward Tower 2 to see if I could help, a big stupid smile on my face.
They seemed to be in better shape however were arguing about how long each should have to be in the tower.
Apparently, the concept of time was no longer a thing.
I started to address the issue with a random sergeant in the area, but we got side tracked in conversation about the effects of diesel fuel mixed with the pot.
We theorized something stupid about how the diesel fuel had longer to soak in the smoke, and that it was causing the anger among the Tower 2 crew.
I assume the wind was completely dead now, as I remember the whole compound being covered in a light haze.
[**Here**](https://imgur.com/a/LVZQg8F) is a crude blueprint (greenprint?)
of the above narrative.
At this point I thought it would be best to find a snack and wondered to our dining tent to see what was up.
Here I was reunited with half my squad.
Instead of relishing in the moment, there was a trouble cloud over our heads, and I could tell we were all pretending to be perfectly fine.
Minus a couple phantom giggles, we did a pretty good job getting through a meal.
Although I was personally quite effected, I think someone put the fire out, and a few hours later it was business as usual.
A lot of stories flew around for months about the leadership getting high and what not.
I did not personally see it.
I came from ground zero, saw the leaders and returned to ground zero where I belonged.
I theorize that my leaders took the same approach of handling it without involving their bosses.
No repercussions followed.
TL;DR – Tried to burn a bunch of contraband, the wind shifted and the contraband burned us.
Hope u feel good about ruining the life of the poor farmers.
Its not like they have a choice in those countries.
Not like we had a choice either.
Come on people, let's not debate about who has the moral *high* - ground here.
I mean you could have chosen to not follow orders to confiscate something that isn't wrong to grow.
I would argue that it was  immoral of you to subvert your own moral compass and decide to remove 2,100,000 dollars worth of their hard grown crop.
In fact actually I would argue that by just saying you couldn't do anything else and there was nothing you could do other than follow orders you have subverted your own moral compass.
It's a tragedy that we brainwash our soldiers into thinking the way you do.
Yea conscription is a bitch... Oh wait you volunteered.
"b-b-but I was just following orders"

Lmao, if you are for real you are a fucking ridiculous little coward.
2.1 million, is that all?
Damn I imagined more.
So do you think it is morally correct to follow orders to confiscate to point 2.1 million dollars of somebody else's property, not under US jurisdiction, not committing crimes?
In what way is it moral to follow the orders to commit an immoral act?
Agreed.
Could be the order of the afghan president.
Could be more to the story.
Who knows.
If it's by the orders of the any government does that make it moral?
I'll specific I I'm not claiming that any order from the government is Immoral, what I'm asking you specifically does it make it moral because a government ordered you to do it?
Oh come on they sell that shit to buy military equipment fund terror programs.
You gonna make the same argument for heroin made by the Taliban?
Yeah because we sell our shit to fund the military to build rockets and shoot at them and kill their innocent civilian population as well as some specific targeted individuals and invade the and take their property that they're growing to fund their own rebellions.
That totally seems legit you're right.
There's no reason for them to be rebellious and trying to hurt us obviously there's nobody coming on to their land and taking their s***or killing people on their country.
you're completely right they're not provoked in any way not by the actions that are the exact problem./s.
Yeeeeeessssss.
This post breaks rule 2 (nothing bad happened to OP) however we’re going to leave it up because it’s hilarious.
Seems like a strange rule.
You can fuck up without anything bad happening directly to you.
Yay!
Yes thank you.
[removed]
Thanks, if you ever need a mod, I sure have some ideas..
That seems like of like a dumb, ambiguous rule.
But, whatever, you’re kind enough to let this stay, so it’s not like you’re being a hardass about this :) thank you, ’cause this made it to the front page and it’s hilarious.
[deleted]
[removed]
To be fair he did get stoned out of his mind and expressed freaking out about it.
It just happened to (excuse the pun) blow over quickly.
Make people aware of the rules.
That’s a good mod 😊.
If you consider facing regular drug tests a problem.
The whole unit would fail it though.
What u mean nothing bad happened, the enemy coulda seen the smoke column and sent a balistics there.
Hundreds of soldiers dead with  hundreds of flags sent back to families.
That the “bad” u looking for mod?
Smh.
So it seems rule 2 is the problem, not this post.
He clearly fucked up.
Almost like this sub would be better without that rule....
no it doesnt, these rules are why ppl dont like this subreddit.
Lol like not have stupid rules?
I wonder what kind of ideas could top marijuana..
Yeah, OSHA even has a word for it.
We call them "near-miss events".....Safety Science is a very humble(started by uneducated union workers) field.
Edit: Mods muted me for making a suggestion.
[removed]
Oops accidentally killed that person.
Dropped them off a bridge.
Well, since nothing bad happened to me, I guess it's not a fuck up!
This rule really needs to be reworked.
Is someone who got high supposed to post it, since it happened to them?
"TIFU by being in the military and getting high because someone burned 700 lbs of marijuana"
Being combat ineffective is a very bad thing at a FOB.
Good mod.
I posted a a TIFU in which I fucked up and got myself beat up by a lesbian and was made fun of by everyone watching and given a black eye to remember it.
It was removed because nothing bad happened to me?
Edit: I’m pretty sure the batgirl mod just didn’t like my story and removed it out of spite.
It wasn’t the most tasteful post towards woman but still I personally believe she singled me out.
[deleted]
Nope no repercussions.. and it was more of a group effort.
Reminds me of the words of George Carlin: Here's a phrase that apparently the airlines simply made up: near miss.
They say that if 2 planes almost collide, it's a near miss.
Bullshit, my friend.
It's a near hit!
A collision is a near miss.
[WHAM!
CRUNCH!]
"Look, they nearly missed!"
"Yes, but not quite."
You are a generous good indeed!
[removed]
I say we bring the rules back to base and burn it.
Average night on the town?
I need this story in my life.
[removed]
&gt;mods

Are y'all high and don't want the higher-ups to know?
We gotchu' back ;)
[removed]
I feel like getting beat up in general is a bad thing.
 It's also a blatent lie and completely made up.
Good mod.
Isn’t there some fuckin rule where you have to report all near misses, hazards and risks?
That's correct.
Err, he became intoxicated with ILLEGAL DRUGS and could have died of REEFER MADNESS!
Sounds pretty bad to me!
So basically your rules mean nothing and you pick favorites.
Gotcha.
The story is hilarious but that's what you're doing.
I like you.
Yes sir.
You're a good egg, Llim.
A good, good egg......eggs sounds good right now...............
Getting high while in the military while stationed on a base is 10000% a bad thing to happen to you.
"today I fucked up by getting several key personnel high so they couldn't perform defensive functions of the base in a war zone thus endangering the entire security of the base, operations, and overall mission.
I also got part of the command element high which resulted in a break in the chain of command and a delay in the general military order of the installation.
This endangered not only my life and my career, but the future of my career and other's career as well because the military has a zero tolerance policy for drugs and failing a urinalysis results in immediate separation from the service"

Idk dude it sounds like it was a really bad/dangerous event.
They just got lucky they didn't have incoming fire/mortars as they probably wouldn't of been able to react/defend.
God I hate WHS.
[removed]
made a TIFU a week ago, was XL, it was about me fucking up the relation to my previous unknown neighboor who lived in his dead mothers flat for 3 years and i exposed him, i initiated the TIFU by explaining exactly this... was closed because I didn´t fuck up myself enough...
Rule 2 not followed: OP is not dead.
[deleted]
If this a wonderfully told sorry about a fuck up, I'm sure there is some note in his file about helping bake half the base.
This is one if those where it's so big everyone knows not to do it again and absolve everyone so to not take blame themselves.
So maybe TWCFU?
(Today we collectively fucked up)
Crisp high five!
Lol,
Well its exactly like saying the following.
"Close call, narrow escape, close thing, and close shave.
It makes sense.
If you get near miss reports and can pinpoint why, you can stop costly accidents from happening instead of reacting after the fact.
I appreciate when mods can recognize some posts are bigger than the rules.
I know it's a tough line.
Thanks.
He got high on duty and could've been discharged form his post.
Just saying.
I feel like the community should vote on rule 2, I feel like 90% would vote to remove it - indicating that it's probably not a great rule.
Whereas, say, the rule for adult content only allowed to be posted on the weekend would very likely have a much lower percentage voting to remove it.
Wow my friends have many stories of them doing a lot less and getting into way more trouble over seas.
I’m glad nothing happened to you.
It's obviously a fuckup.
Stop powertripping.
Near misses can show a problem with the process or equipment, say for example you nearly had an accident because lack of proper maintenance.
Yea it’s silly to report you almost tripped over a cable lying on the ground when you can just fix it in 10 seconds but then you’re relying on the judgment of the employees to discern what should or shouldn’t be reported and at that point it’s easier to say everything should be.
Lets make near misses viral so society, as a whole can laugh and learn.
You mean like reading about them on r/tifu?
Yeah I know it’s great and shit I just find it all an annoying process.
Thank you!
This legit made my day.
Nah.
Nearmisses violate rule 2.
Shame.gif.
Seems like there are constant problems with this rule.
Seems like we need a serious discussion about changing it.
Can this be the new “sell as lakefront property”.
[removed]
[removed]
Now I’m just imagining OP going, “are you not entertained!” While waving a giant blunt as a sword.
Worst thought process when it comes to safety.
Thank god I don’t have a job then.
This is a stupid rule.
I've seen really funny post get taken down because of this rule.
However mod didn't find it funny enough??
Like..the fuck?
?
“Nothing bad happened” I now know that accidentally drugging yourself isn’t a bad thing.
This sub has some pretty dumb rules that means a lot of decent posts don't get seen tbh.
Can confirm.
The Army does not fuck around with this.
And your leadership really, really hates the additional paperwork.
Prepare to mop the motorpool in the rain for the several months it takes for you to be chaptered out.
Good mod.
But something bad DID happen!
Pot is bad, and everybody got high on the stuff!
/s Therefore it doesn't break rule 2.. also, it's hilarious, as you pointed out.
[removed]
[removed]
What near Miss?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I did not burn a giant pile of weed seargent.
MAXIMUM EFFORT.
Only Sith deal in absolutes.
Do you want to be moderated by Sith?
I might have some ideas for why that might be the case....
[deleted]
Aren’t most rules like that.
[removed]
[deleted]
Do you want to be a Jedi or do you want to not be a hypocrite?
Nothing bad happened to OP?
What, he had to _destroy_ a shit ton of weed!
Good mod.
[deleted]
Well he got high without wanting to.
It's not like they were smoking it....
Thank god.
First time upvoting a mod.
Because fuck rules right?
Mods aren't gay.
Make a followup post:

Title: TIFU by posting a TIFU story that breaks rule 2e.
Content: About a week ago I submitted a story that read ... long story ...  and that story breaks rule 2e and it was deleted, meaning I wasted my entire morning.
Give someone a little power..........
Yep.
I had one removed supposedly because losing $200 was "nothing to cry home about".
The mod who removed it was a real dick about it too.
But there are front page posts every day where all that happened to OP is that they touched something gross, or mildly embarrassed themselves.
Yea, getting a bunch of soldiers stoned that are supposed to be on alert isn’t a bad thing at all.
/s.
And they'll eat it.
Of course.
This is way different than intentional use.
Heh.
I'd personally think it was hilarious in a terrible way.
But given that I'm currently trying to deal with two positives on a 10% UA; I definitely feel their officer's pain.
Yaaaay.
Wait what bad thing happened to OP?
He got high, but said he had no Repercussions.
That’s probably the same thing his superiors thought... 👏👏.
Did you expect logic from a reddit mod?
Moderators... how stupid this makes you look.
I would argue that being rendered combat ineffective during a deployment, regardless of how hilarious it is, is a very bad thing.
he risked lives.
there no more broken rule 😉.
&gt; No repercussions followed.
I don't think rule 2 was broken.
Your rules are trash.
This just in Mod TIFU by implementing and enforcing Rule 2.
I'm pretty sure when they do the next random piss test rule 2 will light up faster than they all ran to the mess tent for the munchies.
Good mod.
[Removed because nothing bad happened]
Ahh, more proof these mods don’t care :)
He did fuck up.
He could’ve gotten fired.
r/modsbeingbros.
I’m not sure you know what ‘rules’ are.
Proof they don’t care.
good mod.
[deleted]
He made half an active military base (including himself) combat ineffective while on deployment.
Even though he isn't dead, and didn't get court martialed, that is still a very very bad thing.
Benevolent Mod.
And yet they kept my post (posted several years ago) about ruining a $10 pot by falling asleep while cooking oatmeal.
The pot was ruined, kitchen and living room stank to high heavens and that was it.
But they did get smoked out of the watchtower.
Repeatedly.
On a rotational basis.
Thank you, I'm pissing myself laughing.
The problem with base command reprimanding him is they have to file a report on why he was disciplined, which means his CO would have to admit fault, and if anyone above his immediate superior had pissed off someone else and that person saw the report they could pull them in for a drug test and loose their job or career opportunities at the least.
Politics can hurt you but it can also save you sometimes.
Every sub has dumb rules that’s Reddit for you.
This is a dumb rule.
[removed]
But that breaks rule 2, because nothing bad happened to the mod.
[removed]
[removed]
Thanks for leaving this absolutely hilarious story even though it broke a rule ♥.
Rule 2e calls for negative consequences, but does not specify OP as the target of those consequences.
"This post breaks rule 2, but we aren't going to do anything about it because rules exist for no reason whatsoever."
Surely this 'rule' is there to be easily and deliberately circumvented by explaining what happened to your 'friend' or by otherwise slightly removing yourself from the situation and not potentially implicating yourself in a post which is by its very nature more likely than average to be a crime.
I’d say this is pretty bad because if someone had attacked the base they’d be proper fucked.
Dude, for real, you should try to get this turned into a movie.
It's got everything: buddy antics, harsh realities of war, harah realities of life in the military and an unexpected stoner journey.
Find Evan Goldberg!
I thought rule #2 was don't be unattractive.
This is funny as fuck.
Normally the idea of Afghani weed feels like trying to get drunk off near beer but hundreds of pounds just swirling around your head would be bonkers!
What do you mean nothing bad happened??
?
It doesn’t break rule 2.
He got high.
Getting high is illegal.
Illegal things are bad.
Through the transitive property I’ve proven something bad happened to him.
I’m fine with it, it means the rule is on it’s way out.
Thank you.
To add to this, being drugged without your consent *is* a bad thing, and it happened to a lot of other people because of OP's fuckup.
Good mod.
This style of moderation would improve like... 90% of subreddits.
He accidentally got himself and a bunch of other people stoned out of their minds on a military base?
How exactly is that nothing bad happening to him?
It's one thing to have a dumb rule, it's another thing to not even know that this post falls under that rule.
Ah, reddit..
TIFU by implementing Rule 2.
Boo.
Sorry, I have a deadmans profile.
I'll be sitting over at the guard shack with my cane and my phone.
[removed]
i'm in.
You're my hero!
Who said he wanted to be high?
[deleted]
Sounds like op didn't fuck up as much as he fucked everyone up around him.
Or as George Carlin would call them: near hits.
[removed]
Good point!
That's for /r/todayigotfuckedup.
as long as you don't remove rule 34.
these are the things i think about when i'm high.
Shite rule boi.
Of course It’s hilarious why would you ever think to delete this you made my day post.
It's okay though, OP had the high ground.
Sentinel events.
&gt;I felt myself stammering over words, felt my heart begin to race, kept thinking “ohjesusohjesusohjesus I’m going to get caught...!” It was in that moment that I realized, I was sketching.
I was proper baked, and not handling my shit well.
You could argue that he personally experienced a mild panic attack when he spoke to the first Sergeant.
Something happened to op, he got stoned as fuck.
Thanks for letting us know that you are so gracious as to let it stand when it's so blatantly breaking rules.
/s that's the stupidest rule I've heard.
Don't you want solid content on this sub?
So who gives a fuck if it has jo bad outcome or not, you can still fuck up majorly but get lucky.
Dumb rule anyways.
Makes no sense.
Hey.
That's the dumbest thing I have ever heard.
good mod.
The phrase near miss always seems odd to me.
If it was a near miss then it wasn't a miss it was a legit incident.
Something nearly missing you isn't missing you its hitting you.
An argument could be made that he was humiliated in front of his superiors and those in his charge.
Can we give a mod gold?
That's some shit.
I happened to be in the national guard during the peak of my drug use.
I fuckin KNOW I failed every test I took for them and nothing ever came of it.
Yet....
Only on r/logic.
[removed]
I mean intentional use.
This was an accident.
or it's a miss but still very near, as opposed to a wide shot.
Well technically it WAS bad.
I mean getting high, isn't terrible - but getting high while on duty as a soldier, albeit indirectly, IS.
Way to selectively enforce the rules.
Yay, a decent mod!
That's pretty much the perfect description of bureaucracy.
It's pretty great, but it's a terribly annoying process.
More like accidentally drugging an entire military base in the middle of a war zone right after stealing a fortunes worth of drugs from criminals just failing a piss test alone is enough to get the boot from the military this could have been a serious disaster that none of us would know about because OP and the rest of the base were to high to defend themselves and died.
Under rated comment.
Of all the things that never happened this never happened the most.
Source:  Military.
Drug interdiction/disposal is handled by the state/government in which the US is working with (i.e.
afghan or Iraqis).
Great quote man.
We were coloc with ANA.
I imagine that was the brass justification for the pot disposal.
After pics posted to TMZ of soldiers posing with kush in ball caps and gangster leans the US cracked down hard.
We can’t burn uniforms in burn pits let alone a ton of weed.
Came here to say the same thing.
Not to mention diesel is a terrible accellerant, bit wasteful to pour it on something that has a lower flash point.
Agreed, all top officials know that a vast majority of miltary enlisted are former potheads/crackheads.
"Crackhead" was actually my Drill Instructor's cutesy name for us in boot camp.
This was 8ish years ago.
I remember the uniform rule vaguely.. idk how much they cared about rules though.
I was wondering if he was DEA FAST.
How's that?
We use it all the time to burn undried lawn &amp; tree waste.
It works just fine.
It works for barrels of shit.
Singular, or plural?
Completely agree.
This guy wants to be a fiction writer.
Both, everybody's name was crackhead.
Not diesel alone, you need a little gas too to lower the flash point to where it will burn liquid feces.
It's a great accelerant when is the only one you've got and have it in high quantity.
SOI smoke pit 

"Damn bro this was a joint six months ago" 

*entire smoke pit nods sadly and drags their cigs*
^ THIS IS WHY WE CAN’T HAVE NICE THINGS.
 Yeah this is the biggest bs.
Hell i never knew of any interdiction on marijuana anyway and i lived in Helmand/Kandahar provinces for a year.
Then again in 2010 we were allowing them to grow poppy as well so who knows.
Im not buying it either.
I've never heard of this in my time being in and it's structured more like a fiction essay.
He's also perfectly vague with his terminology and says things I've never actually heard people in the military say.
Like calling officers "brass".
Thats really lame.
Not to mention that pot that "grows wild over there" would be absolute rubbish that would get no one high.
Weak pot "mixed with chicken poop" is not terrifying, it's just crap.
Exactly, dried up skunk weed will burn well on its own.
Throw a couple wadded up newspapers on the pile to get it started and you're done.
Why waste hundreds of dollars of diesel?
Whatever jp 8 is, it usually burns shit and stuff.
Yeah you can tell with the rest of his posts.
i was kinda wondering why the US military was busting people for pot in a foreign country.

Summary: 
Aren’t most rules like that.
This is a dumb rule.
I did not personally see it.
This is a stupid rule.
[Removed because nothing bad happened]
It's not like they were smoking it....
It was removed because nothing bad happened to me?
I need this story in my life.
Nothing bad happened to OP?
Seems like a strange rule.
Lol like not have stupid rules?
I don't think rule 2 was broken.
I thought rule #2 was don't be unattractive.
TIFU by implementing Rule 2.
I know it's a tough line.
Wait what bad thing happened to OP?
these are the things i think about when i'm high.
It doesn’t break rule 2.
I say we bring the rules back to base and burn it.
Rule 2 not followed: OP is not dead.
Could be more to the story.
But that breaks rule 2, because nothing bad happened to the mod.
I don't know what you're talking about.
there no more broken rule 😉.
Seems like there are constant problems with this rule.
This is funny as fuck.
I appreciate when mods can recognize some posts are bigger than the rules.
I feel like getting beat up in general is a bad thing.
What do you mean nothing bad happened??
Make people aware of the rules.
So it seems rule 2 is the problem, not this post.
Sounds pretty bad to me!
as long as you don't remove rule 34.
I was wondering if he was DEA FAST.
This rule really needs to be reworked.
Came here to say the same thing.
Well, since nothing bad happened to me, I guess it's not a fuck up!
That's the dumbest thing I have ever heard.
How exactly is that nothing bad happening to him?
Sorry, I have a deadmans profile.
Thank god I don’t have a job then.
Its not like they have a choice in those countries.
This just in Mod TIFU by implementing and enforcing Rule 2.
Way to selectively enforce the rules.
Thanks, if you ever need a mod, I sure have some ideas..
But something bad DID happen!
Something happened to op, he got stoned as fuck.
The mod who removed it was a real dick about it too.
I’m fine with it, it means the rule is on it’s way out.
Getting high while in the military while stationed on a base is 10000% a bad thing to happen to you.
Pot is bad, and everybody got high on the stuff!
Well he got high without wanting to.
In fact, I was *really worried.
I’m glad nothing happened to you.
I was proper baked, and not handling my shit well.
Almost like this sub would be better without that rule....
That seems like of like a dumb, ambiguous rule.
/s that's the stupidest rule I've heard.
no it doesnt, these rules are why ppl dont like this subreddit.
The Army does not fuck around with this.
That’s a good mod 😊.
I happened to be in the national guard during the peak of my drug use.
The story is hilarious but that's what you're doing.
I did not burn a giant pile of weed seargent.
It's okay though, OP had the high ground.
He got high, but said he had no Repercussions.
