Original Response: 
Too many things going on here, but definitely trashy.
Burnouts are so obnoxious...and pointless.
And it’s a sport bike doing a burnout?
Cruiser move.
...and I don’t even know what to make of the bride wearing boots holding the front tire?
And in the beautiful backdrop of the woods.
Such a waste of photographer’s time....there’s probably a pickup truck and illegitimate kid in a tux there somewhere too.....Should probably just keep this shit on Facebook where people give their fake opinions.
Why don't you tell us how you _really_ feel.
This is so r/Moto it hurts.
Yea... Why does a wedding photo need a motorcycle?
Like, leave it at home for the day.
Oh yeah, I'm sure a professional photographer was furious that someone paid them to take wedding photos.
/s

The photographer in question has other photos of motorcycles on their Facebook portfolio, so, it's obviously not outside the realm of things they photograph.
Cause that's what they wanted.
Don't like it?
Don't look at it.
Motorcycle?
That's fine.
Burnout?
It's your bike, I suppose...
This poster is either

A) bitter divorcee

Or

B)  bitter his wife gf etc made him sell the bike.
Nope, happily married and I still have my bike.
I just have enough brains to know you keep the bike and the dog and the guitar at home on my Wedding day because I’m not 12 years old.
There is a C) Pedant who points at the illogical nature behind it

I know, because if I was the lesser man, I'd be doing the same.
I don't because I know better than to spoil the fun of the photo.
I'll keep my cringe on the inside, and be happy for the new couple like any sensible person ought to.
Besides which, the longer one looks, the more pleasant the picture becomes.
First impressions aren't always worth sharing.
Is there a D) Super ‘knowledgeable’ guy who’s never actually owned a bike?
Cause uh...I’ve never even attempted a burnout on my cruiser, but literally every person I know with a sport bike has done them.
Soooo.
Do naked's count?
I've done the rumble in the tunnel on a CB650F, but that's about as sporty as I've ever been with bikes.
Never done a proper burnout.
Much like with everyone under the spell of the Dunning-Kruger effect, confidence and awareness comes and goes in peaks and troughs.
There are old gits of the biker world who'll be just as grouchy.
Pedant or one possessed by illusory superiority; they're likely the same.
[deleted]
I mean it's one thing to dislike the photo, I personally don't.
But now you're going on some rant about illegitimate kids and pick ups?
c'mon...
That sounds increadibly boring.
Don't want people to comment on your retarded wedding photo?
Don't post it on a public forum asking for comments.
Dude, take the stick out your ass.
Are your wedding photos all American Gothic-style then?
I know plenty of people that have at least one photo with their dog/cat on wedding day, doesn't mean their photos revolve around them just like how most of OP's pictures probably don't feature the motorcycle.
Why not?
Maybe they both love motorcycles.
This was probably taken on a wedding photo day, not the actual wedding day.
Many couples get dressed up and go take a bunch of wedding photos on another day, because there's no time on the wedding day itself.
But really, does it matter?
Why does Reddit hate people having fun wrong so much?
Garden variety dickhead, folks.
Nothing more to see here.
qq

cry more.
qq

Be more of a dickhead.
so mad.
so troll.
sick burn bro, keep up the quality work it's very impressive.
Nice comeback bro, how can I move on.
You're so original and smart and clever.

Summary: 
It's your bike, I suppose...
Like, leave it at home for the day.
Yea... Why does a wedding photo need a motorcycle?
Don't want people to comment on your retarded wedding photo?
Are your wedding photos all American Gothic-style then?
I don't because I know better than to spoil the fun of the photo.
Cause that's what they wanted.
And it’s a sport bike doing a burnout?
Never done a proper burnout.
