Original Response: 
Im on my phone, sorry for the format.
This happened 10 mins ago and i'm still in pain.
In Thai language class, i was really bored so my friend dared me to snort a peppermint stick.
I said to my friend "fuck you bitch!
You thought i wouldn't do it right?"
And then i snorted the fucking stick.
On both holes my nose has.
Immediate pain comes in.
Turns out it wasn't fucking pain, it was the cold.
42% of cold.
I had also asked the teacher to go outside, so i can get some warm air instead of the cold in the class.
I went out and refilled my water bottle and when i came in it was like a spike hot my nose, pain rushes in, i cover my nose with my neck tie.
Does not help and i sat there with mucus coming out of my nose.
TL;DR dont snort menthol sticks or you'll get a bad type of high.
is it a peppermint stick or a menthol inhaler?, big difference there as one is meant to go up your nose.
Not actually _up_ your nose, man.
you put it to your nose and inhale.
Yeah.
But if I understood them correctly, OP stuck the tube in their nostril.
That would hurt in many ways.
its meant to be stuck in the nostril, thats the whole point.
It's meant to be held to the nostril, not slammed into it like a nail into concrete.
inever said that, the point is that i think that whole story is made up, badly i might add.
Oh I do agree.
But I must say, I do find the image of a Thai guy with a vicks inhaler jammed to the base in each nostril morbidly hilarious.
either that or a christmas candycane jammed in there lol.
Just the same cane in both nostrils, hanging down like one of them septum rings...
Lol not jammed to the base but sticking out of each nostril is a common enough sight in Thailand.
Especially on bikes in city traffic.
Doubt it's made up.
I have one of these in my hand right now, the exact one op linked, and it's still strong as hell and burns if you inhale too much or too close.
Shit is 5 years old too lol.
They're strong as fuck in Thailand.
Everyone's nostril nerves must be fried from using them often If they don't think so.

Summary: 
you put it to your nose and inhale.
And then i snorted the fucking stick.
On both holes my nose has.
I said to my friend "fuck you bitch!
its meant to be stuck in the nostril, thats the whole point.
