Original Response: 
Translated: Evangelicals, please stop supporting the Republicans so we can take power back again!
Signed,  The Liberals.
Translated:

Please be consistent in your beliefs.
If you have ever whined about gays and not wanting them in power because you see them as immoral why would you want trump in power (adulterer, lover of money, gossips, doesn't read the bible, go to church, grabs women sexually, etc).
You want to know why so many don't believe anymore?
Because people like me woke up to the realization that Christians act all moral, preach about being moral, and then ditch all of that for one old man.
If you really don't believe in your god and morals, why would anyone else?
Haha, like you actually know anything about me?
This is the same old tripe that has been dished out for 2+ years.
It is purely politically driven and has almost nothing to do with Christianity, except to use it in a vain attempt to give it a whiff of validity.
It purpose is simple and clear: Ignore the immorality of the leftist candidate but focus on the immorality of the Republican one.
The Republicans could run Ghandi, Billy Graham, or Thomas Merton and the argument would be the same.
Find or fabricate a story that shows the Republican did or said something at sometime in his/her life that disqualifies them from serving so of course, if you are a moral person you must vote for the leftist candidate.
It happens every cycle, it doesn't work very well, and frankly is just plain insulting.
So go peddle your high toned moral platitudes elsewhere, we've had enough of them here.
And shame on anyone for using a Christian forum to sell a political viewpoint.
So glad we have brave patriots like you out here willing to shit on the faith to own the libs.
Keep making America great.
I consider any attempt at denigration, no matter how misplaced and ineffective, to be praise from Caesar.
You go have yourself a great day!
[removed]
Straight to homophobia!
Congratulations, we have a winner!
Found the bigot!
Homophobia?
Are you illiterate or just willfully ignorant?
Either way, I’m unsurprised.
&gt;  I’m unsurprised

And unoriginal.
And insulting.
Which indicates you have no basis in actual fact for anything you say, you are just out there barfing out insults hoping something sticks.
Nothing has yet, btw, but keep trying Champ, you'll get there one day!
Nice way to avoid answering for your own ignorance.
You’ve yet to explain to me how I am homophobic.
You spout drivel for hours and demand explanations from others?
You come to Christian forum and use words like "s**t" and "fellate" and expect to be taken seriously?
You are like a little boy who dropped his diddy in the neighbors lawn and then walked up to the door and demanded cookies.
You are a liberal/progressive/democrat shill who came hoping to trash Christians and conservatives at the same time.
You deserve no respect until you apologize for your bad behavior and start talking respectfully.
So just accept who you are and crawl back under the rock you came out of until you figure out how to act in polite company.
So, you’re unable to answer your own claims of homophobia, is that what I’m gathering?
Like all homophobes, you are clueless and oblivious to your homophobia.
Go back and read what you wrote.
Think about it for ten minutes.
Rinse and repeat until you have your answer.
Then apologize for all of your stupid and insulting and harassing statements.
Then we can have a real conversation.
So, just the phrase “fellate his boots” is homophobic to you.
Amazing depth of non comprehension.
It’s no wonder why you have your politics so crosswise to your self professed faith.
Let me give you a hint, bootlicker:  you won’t be seeing your president anywhere near the borders of the kingdom of heaven.
Are you still talking?
Sorry, I dozed off for a minute there.
You mean your president too, right?
Because he is the president of all Americans.
I should have been more clear — that pitiful excuse for a leader you idolatrously worship.
[removed]
So, at a lack for anything of substance to say, you instead decide to larp as a respectable adult.
It would be funny if you didn’t earnestly believe yourself to be exactly that.
Aren't you just the cutest thing?
And the hits keep on coming.
Im just gonna throw this out here:  if you’re so concerned about propriety and respectableness in speech and action, why is it you’re hanging on dear leader’s backside like a anemic remora?
Don’t you find it the least bit hypocritical or do you not care to self-examine that closely?
Wow, you sure are boring.
Same thing over and over again.
Do you actually get real people to respond to your endless ad hominem attacks?
Do you ever answer what someone asks you, or do you just start stream-of-consciousness-writing when you see an alert on your screen?
You’ve yet to answer or engage beyond feebly trying to pretend that you’re some sort of authority figure replying to a petulant child.
You’re completely bereft of any sort of intellectual integrity, despite loudly proclaiming you’re the only one with any sense here.
I've explained what needs to happen for us to have an actual conversation.
You dont get to come in and crap all over people and then demand civil conversation.
Its not how real life works.
Go back, read through all the posts again.
Keep doing it until you figure out what you did wrong, no matter how many times it takes.
Once you get it and can apologize for your behavior we can have a real conversation.
So go away until you are ready, or forever if you don't want to.
I'm not wasting my time besting a fool, its not worth it.
So, if decency and a sense of propriety is required in order to have a dialogue, how exactly do you expect your dear leader to engage on a world stage, or does your worshipful attitude ignore any indiscretions that may be attributed to dear leader?
Sorry, I really dont like talking to unrepentant homophobes.
Why dont you go find someone else to pester?

Summary: 
You go have yourself a great day!
Then we can have a real conversation.
Go back and read what you wrote.
Go back, read through all the posts again.
Its not how real life works.
Haha, like you actually know anything about me?
You mean your president too, right?
Like all homophobes, you are clueless and oblivious to your homophobia.
And the hits keep on coming.
You’ve yet to explain to me how I am homophobic.
So go away until you are ready, or forever if you don't want to.
