Original Response: 
If he doesn't care about net neutrality and wants to put us of the mercy of ISP's, that's worse than inviting 2 million immigrants a year into this country.
Bernier is an idiotic fucking dinosaur.
Don't forget 0 environmental policies and a slew of tax cuts for the wealthy.
If people were expecting anything other than your local nutty libertarian party policies they'll be disapointed.
We'll see if the 50k drop in immigrants and vague talk of "targeted immigration" (as if we didn't already have a selective point system) can keep the nationalists interested.
&gt;that's worse than inviting 2 million immigrants a year into this country.
Imagine being so boomered up that your internet matters more than the people of your country.
Reaslistically if someone spends all day at work, then all evening online then it certainly could be a top priority.
Many people have been freaking out about net neutrality but with the US as an example I haven't heard of ISPs charging ridiculous rates for case by case website access.
Maybe it could happen but in practice it doesn't appear to be as severe as what was being ranted and raved about on reddit the past couple years.
Because he's the only politician that cares about the people?
Yeah I think as long as theres good competition, ISPs will have incentive to not restrict internet.
Pretty sure Canada is already one of the harder countries in the world to immigrate to due to our selection process.. What these "nationalists" really want is race based selection and to stop taking refugees in.
I can't wait to vote People's Party!
did he say he wants to end NN?
All I saw is he wants to scrap the CRTC and open up Canada to more competition.
No selection process of you enter illegally though.
Imagine being so monumentally stupid that you dispense with the future completely, for dubious reasons.
It's pretty clear that the CRTC is a joke and should be dismantled.
We just keep adding to the list of rules for ISPs, rules that only the big 3 can make work and no other new ISP could emerge from.
You think they fought for the right and paid for the to do whatever they want because they don't want to use it??
Ask yourself, would you ram through a massive new change in pricing models that would transform the internet within the first year, or would you work slowly over time to get to your eventual goal?
So yes, in the first 9 months or so since the ruling nothing has happened, but why fight for the right to do something and then never do what is obviously in your financial interests to do so?
In fact they have a responsibility to maximize shareholder profit, so the change is coming since there is an obvious profit there.
It's not a question of it, but when.
You're right in that they're interested in making the most amount of money.
The issue is, is that anyone who keeps to current standards will have a competitive advantage, which will translates to more money.
The main place where people could run into issues are rural areas where there is only 1 provider.
Or have money or a degree that has no use here.
You can lie about your trucking experiencd get in work 5 years and become a citizen.

Summary: 
Imagine being so boomered up that your internet matters more than the people of your country.
&gt;that's worse than inviting 2 million immigrants a year into this country.
did he say he wants to end NN?
I can't wait to vote People's Party!
