Original Response: 
If the fight is ruled a NC, don't you just get your money back?
I believe all bets are tied to the result at the end of the bout.
Any casino or bookie would be an IDIOT to not make final settelment based on the fight results that night.
Im sure its in their terms.
Ha, yes, imagine telling everyone who cashed out to return their winnings a month later after a DSQ.
What happens during the fight is final.
That's the terms of the bet if you read the fine print.
So you do if it was NC during the fight, i.e.
an eye poke that rendered a fighter unable to continue.
Yes can I get a refund on all those Joe Paterno wins please?
I know you do in a draw.
I know a friend of mine was about to throw out his $1000 GGG vs Canelo stub until someone let him know.
I personally would have been scouring the casino's trashcans after that fight.
Depends on when it's ruled and NC.
In the case of Alvarez vs Poirier 1 everyone's bet got refunded because it was ruled a NC in the cage by the ref.
In the case of a failed drug test like Brock vs Hunt it's totally up to the book if they'll refund your money.
I've had a bet refunded because of a failed drug test (Jones vs DC 2) and I've also had one refunded over a super bogus decision (also a UFC fight but I don't remember the exact one; it was years ago).
Last year when Pittsburg played New England in the NFL regular season I got my money refunded because the refs made the most bogus call in the history of football on the final play of the game which should have been a touchdown for the win, but was ruled an incompletion.
However I didn't get my money back when the judges robbed GGG of a win vs Canelo last year.
So it's just up to them and how much it affects their bottom line whether they think it's worth the PR hit to not refund.
These were all with the same online book by the way.
It’s so bullshit that that’s a NC not a DQ.
all the same betting site?
All on Bovada.
Other people have said that they didn't get a refund on Jones vs DC 2 and they also used Bovada so your mileage may vary.
What would be REALLY interesting would be a misread of the judge's cards.

Summary: 
I know you do in a draw.
all the same betting site?
Depends on when it's ruled and NC.
