Original Response: 
I'm not sure if their change.org petition adheres to change.org's TOS.
I mean they should be petitioning at nochange.org.
best comment.
Btw you guys can try reporting their petition.
It likely doesn't comply to change.org's TOS.
not best comment 

+ i mean no offence, just said it for the heck of it.
comedic purpose, even if im the only one amused.
Enforcement by Change.org: If we are put on notice that your campaign or content violates the law or the rights of others (for example, if it is established that it is defamatory or violates privacy, intellectual property or publicity rights or others, or is funding an illegal activity), if we discover that your campaign or content violates our Community Guidelines, or if we believe your campaign or content is inappropriate or objectionable, we may remove it from our platforms , or we may make edits to bring your content into compliance.
In the vast majority of cases, we will notify you and try to work with you to fix the issue before we take any of these actions (but we are not obligated to do so).
Does this constitute violating the rights of others?
I should clarify.
This is what i meant.
Under their community guidelines:
No hate speech – We’re fans of free speech, but we don’t allow hate speech.
Hate speech is typically the advocacy of beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people based on characteristics such as their age, colour, disability, ethnic origin, gender identity, nationality, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, medical condition, or veteran status.
Then would it be hate speech if they petitioned to remove 377A?
&amp;#x200B;

curious for your opinion.
Uhhh...
It would be the opposite of hate speech.
Idk man what do you think?
but what right does the minority have to tell the majority to conform to their liking?
Why is it okay for the lgbt community to ask to remove 377A, but not right for the remaining majority to wish for the law to remain?
Isn't that inequality then, if the minority has the power to demand things from the majority when conversely if the majority did the same to the minority it would be seen as hate speech?
Just my thoughts.
If we follow this logic then slavery would still be legal today.
Slaves asking for their freedom ≠ hate speech.
I know I'm simplifying but meh.. Keep it simple.
I have reported it way back before it garnered such huge support, and so far it hasn’t been removed it seems.
Basically, you're advocating a law which would penalize the minority by curtailing their freedom (with potentially 2 years of imprisonment).
They are merely asking for reprive from this gullotine hanging over their heads.
ya, a bit too simplified ah.. haha...
you say it like the "majority" conforms at all by allowing gay people to bang

it literally does not affect us, as the majority, in any way by being removed, unless you're gay enough to care what gay people do in their bedrooms.
Man.. that sucks.
Good on you though.
Give them an inch and they'll take a mile.
Who is to say that the LGBT community will not demand further rights at the cost of our own?
Look at America, where people are incriminated for exercising their own beliefs and rights, for refusing to provide service to people whom they believe are fundamentally incorrect in their belief system.
&amp;#x200B;

To begin with, the SPF doesn't actively go about witchhunting gays engaging in sexual intercourse.
As long as it is  consensual and nobody is hurt or sexually abused, I highly doubt the police would get involved, much less even discover it in the first place.
In fact, the law is beneficial as it provides punishment and disincentive towards males who commit sexual crimes against other men, especially when the Ministry of Health’s update on the HIV/AIDS situation in Singapore in 2017 showed that 60% of all new cases of HIV infection were attributed to homosexual men.
I see no reason to remove the law whatsoever.
refer to my response to steepcliff below.
There is no reason to remove the law.
If anything, it would do as good to keep it.
The police do not witchhunt for gay people engaging in sexual intercourse, why do they need to remove the law to do so?
As long as it is consensual and does not hurt or abuse the other party involved, I do not see why the police would catch wind of it and come knocking.
Historically, slavery was not abolished because the minority slaves asked and fought for it — any such rebellion would have been put down.
Ironically, it was actually Christian activists (priests and evangelicals), moved by their moral convictions that slavery was wrong, that pushed for political change through democratic means.
Source: https://www.britannica.com/topic/abolitionism-European-and-American-social-movement.
&gt;Look at America, where people are incriminated for exercising their own beliefs and rights, for refusing to provide service to people whom they believe are fundamentally incorrect in their belief system.
So you think that it should be legal to deny a person service because of their skin color?
How about their gender?
Great, then it would be awesome if they can do it again.
So, by that logic, should we get all restaurants to be halal so that muslims can eat wherever they want?
If we are giving rights to the LGBT to incriminate myself or others for refusing to provide service to someone who acts against our fundamental beliefs, then what about the straight people??
Do we not have the right to have our own beliefs and defend them, denying service to LGBT?
If service is denied, you can always go some place else.
No need to push your own belief system on others.
If you intend to punish those who refuse to tolerate your own beliefs, then you are no better than us who refuse to tolerate your beliefs.
I do not have much against LGBT as humans, but i have something against them attacking or potentially attacking my own rights and beliefs.
[deleted]
It is true that police don’t go around enforcing it.
But with this law in place it makes it feel as if being queer is wrong when it’s perfectly alright to love whoever you wanna love.
It’s just one step towards being accepted and having equality.
And if the law isn’t being enforced alrdy, why keep it?
Removing the law won’t force straight ppl to be gay.
Ahhhhh the tyranny of the left rears its ugly head again.
Free speech, but only if you agree with me!
&gt;So, by that logic, should we get all restaurants to be halal so that muslims can eat wherever they want?
This is not an equal comparison.
In your example, not all restaurants are equipped to serve halal food.
A better comparison is "should restaurants be allowed to refuse service to Muslims" to which the obvious answer is no.
Forcing all restaurants to have halal food is not the same as asking restaurants to treat all customers equally.
You know that.
Also, you never answered my question - should businesses be allowed to refuse service based on skin color or gender?
&gt;If service is denied, you can always go some place else.
No need to push your own belief system on others.
How do you not see the irony of this?
LGBT people have no choice in being that way, and you are quite literally forcing your belief onto them.
What happens when the only store in town refuses you service?
You must go to the next town?
It is ridiculous that you expect LGBT people to have to endure life at the whim of bigots.
It is pretty easy to say this when you never have to worry about experiencing it yourself.
&gt;I do not have much against LGBT as humans, but i have something against them attacking or potentially attacking my own rights and beliefs.
No, you want LGBT people to be second-class citizens.
That is reprehensible.
Wanting to be treated as an equal human being is not an attack on your rights.
Your rights do not supersede everyone else's.
&gt; should businesses be allowed to refuse service based on skin color or gender

For skin color, no.
For gender, situational.
Plus, it is not an equal comparison.
The difference is that LGBT directly conflicts with several religious beliefs i.e.
Christianity and Muslim.
Are you saying that I do not have the right to deny service to someone who follows a set of beliefs which is strongly conflicting with mine?
The line must be drawn, or else the common people will become the real "second-class citizens", void of their own rights to exercise their beliefs.
If there is the choice between our rights or theirs, i believe the obvious answer is us.
&gt; It is ridiculous that you expect LGBT people to have to endure life at the whim of bigots.
Aren't you a bigot as well, intolerant towards my opinion?
&gt; No, you want LGBT people to be second-class citizens.
That is reprehensible.
Wanting to be treated as an equal human being is not an attack on your rights.
Your rights do not supersede everyone else's.
LGBT are already treated with basic human rights, no?
They aren't enslaved, and have basic rights to healthcare and other governmental services.
Having the right to engage in deviant sexual behavior legally is a completely separate matter and a privilege, and honestly does not affect your life expectancy.
It is NOT okay when LGBT start to demand and pressure society to change the way it has been operating(and perfectly fine, mind you) which does not suit them and that we should instead accommodate for them.
If you want to live here in this country, you respect the law and rules set in place.
Just like how you don't leave your shoes at the door because that's the culture and rules set in place.
You don't ignore the host's rules and culture and stomp right in.
Another example is like how you wouldn't walk around in a muslim country scantily dressed.
Because that's not culturally accepted.
You conform to the local community and laws in place.
What's so hard to understand about that?
&gt;For skin color, no.
For gender, situational.
Plus, it is not an equal comparison.
The difference is that LGBT directly conflicts with several religious beliefs i.e.
Christianity and Muslim.
Are you saying that I do not have the right to deny service to someone who follows a set of beliefs which is strongly conflicting with mine?
Why not for skin color then?
If my religious beliefs say that people with darker skin are inferior and that I should not relate with them, why should I be forced to go against my beliefs?
If I own a taxi, I should be able to refuse black people yes?
If I'm a doctor I shouldn't be forced to treat black people, as this would go against my religious beliefs.
This is what you are arguing for.
The same logic people used for hundreds of years to subjugate African Americans in the US.
You're in great company!
&gt;Aren't you a bigot as well, intolerant towards my opinion?
Opinions aren't immutable characteristics and are subject to change.
You weren't born a bigot, but you can choose to continue living as one.
&gt;It is NOT okay when LGBT start to demand and pressure society to change the way it has been operating(and perfectly fine, mind you)

Perfectly fine according to whom?
You?
I think many, many would disagree.
Society was working perfectly fine before women could vote as well, no?
&gt;If you want to live here in this country, you respect the law and rules set in place.
Just because laws exist doesn't mean they are good, fair, or even moral.
No human progress has ever been made because people were satisfied with the status quo.
With your logic we would still all be serfs to a lord somewhere.
Fuck that.

Summary: 
Do we not have the right to have our own beliefs and defend them, denying service to LGBT?
Wanting to be treated as an equal human being is not an attack on your rights.
No, you want LGBT people to be second-class citizens.
LGBT are already treated with basic human rights, no?
It would be the opposite of hate speech.
&gt; No, you want LGBT people to be second-class citizens.
If service is denied, you can always go some place else.
There is no reason to remove the law.
Your rights do not supersede everyone else's.
I see no reason to remove the law whatsoever.
No need to push your own belief system on others.
I mean they should be petitioning at nochange.org.
Why not for skin color then?
but what right does the minority have to tell the majority to conform to their liking?
I do not have much against LGBT as humans, but i have something against them attacking or potentially attacking my own rights and beliefs.
Who is to say that the LGBT community will not demand further rights at the cost of our own?
Does this constitute violating the rights of others?
If anything, it would do as good to keep it.
This is not an equal comparison.
Great, then it would be awesome if they can do it again.
