Original Response: 
Am I wrong to judge parents who choose to have more than three or even two children?
I agree with you.
*Anyone* having more than 2 children is being over zealous.
I don't buy into the "precious gift of life" bull shit one bit.
Adopt.
The poor and ignorant are particularly guilty of this.
Those cultures that keep women uneducated, ignorant, and repressed are guilty of this.
There is absolutely no reason to have more than two children in this day and age, barring any dramatic, unforeseen circumstances.
Almost all are likely to disagree with me, but I'm not concerned.
There is absolutely no defense for the large family model.
Adopting or fostering children is indefensible?
Interesting.
Perhaps I wasn't clear.
I apologize.
&gt; I don't buy into the "precious gift of life" bull shit one bit.
Adopt.
What I was trying to say is, I'm not convinced that the reason to actually have children is because life is such a precious gift excuse.
There are plenty of children to adopt, and as you correctly pointed out, foster.
So there's no need to trumpet the "miracle of life" line after your second birth.
Adopt.
And as an aside, don't even get me started on modern marriage.
The ultimate scam.
This sounds pretty bitter and cynical in my opinion.
I accept your criticism.
I don't think it is, but I'm willing to discuss further if you are so enclined.
What's wrong with that?
Maybe you shouldn't be so judgmental.
I didn’t say they were bitter or cynical, I said that their statement sounds bitter and cynical.
Didn’t make any judgements about their character at all there, perhaps you should actually read what I wrote.
I'm curious as to why the arbitrary cutoff between upstanding citizen and selfish, wasteful zealot is 2 children... why not 1?
Or none since you could always adopt?
I arbitrarily picked 2 because it wouldn't  increase the overall population in a heterosexual, one female, one male model we currently adhere to.
I'm open to reducing that or possibly increasing it if another type of model is used and works mathematically.
The variations available are numerous.
A reason for having more than two children is, my wife and I want to have more than two children.
That's only a reason now because you're allowed to have it.
Also because society today doesn't frown upon it.
Let's see how your children's children do in a century or so.
Let's see how things change when people can live to 200 years.
Your selfish attitude will be quickly snuffed out.
Have you looked outside lately?
Have you studied any kind of history, the world is always a shit show.
and?
So complaining about things like having kids seems stupid to me when there are legitimate problems to solve both socially and environmentally.
Overpopulation has a huge environmental impact you know.
Not having children is literally one of the best things you can do for the environment.
As I said earlier killing yourself is the best option, but why not discuss rational solutions instead.
Not having children is a completely rational solution.
Explaining to others the impact that not having children can have is a completely rational solution.
Like, what are you advocating?
That being an anti Natalist doesn’t actually attract anyone to be environmental movement at all, and further alienates the people you want to change.
Literally the same discussion as I had several tomes in this thread.
I have only mentioned the environmental impact of having children, not the moral implications, so you're using the word antinatalist incorrectly.
Also, you're just plain wrong.
You don't have to agree with what I'm talking about, but to say the argument is invalid and alienating when there are hundreds of websites and books advocating for it is pretty silly don't you think?
You don't get to decide what other people think, and you certainly wont convince me that you've somehow quantified everyone's feeling on the subject.
Let's break down the weird statement you just made.
"Anti-natalist incorrectly".
Nope, I'm not.
The philosophical definition for anti-natalism is assigning a negative value to birth, which you are doing with regards to environmental means.
There are others that use other criteria to assign a negative value as well, but you can't separate ethical and environmental reasoning that easily.
You think you are superior (ethically) for caring about the environment, so ethics and morality does actually come into play here.
"You don't have to agree with what I'm talking about".
Here is the thing, yeah I don't agree, but basic psychology also has numerous studies talking about activism and how using extremes to approach the topic is actually ineffective activism.
The technique is referred to as "foot in the door", (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foot-in-the-door_technique) and is actually proven to be more effective psychologically for introducing change.
"Alienating when there are hundreds of websites".
it's the internet.
There are literally hundreds of websites about every topic known to man.
That doesn't actually prove any part of your argument.
The entire basis is that point blank telling people to never have kids is just ineffective and a waste of time.
People will always have children, so why not approach your activism from a standpoint of a greener child or pregnancy.
Advocating for buying reused baby furniture, cloth diapers, making baby food at home, raising your child as a vegan etc., are all more effective than saying "omg you are a horrible person for having a child because your baby is making a massive carbon footprint".
Newsflash, so are you.
Again, you aren't superior because you don't have children because you still exist on this planet, making a footprint.
lol you are literally arguing with yourself now.
I haven't said a quarter of the things you're saying I did.
Have a good one dude.
I literally just responded to what you wrote.
The quotes are what you said bud...
  "omg you are a horrible person for having a child because your baby is making a massive carbon footprint" 

&amp;#x200B;

yeah?
I support zero population growth, I'd never even heard of anti-natalism until you said it.
You went on a tantrum and made up a bunch of things I said.

Summary: 
I literally just responded to what you wrote.
Adopting or fostering children is indefensible?
"You don't have to agree with what I'm talking about".
*Anyone* having more than 2 children is being over zealous.
I don't think it is, but I'm willing to discuss further if you are so enclined.
Not having children is a completely rational solution.
Like, what are you advocating?
Let's see how your children's children do in a century or so.
Not having children is literally one of the best things you can do for the environment.
I haven't said a quarter of the things you're saying I did.
The quotes are what you said bud...
That's only a reason now because you're allowed to have it.
