Original Response: 
Hello,

So I used to vape frequently a couple years ago.
Was using a Subox mini, building my own coils for a long time etc.
I'm trying to get back in and have a hard time choosing something.
I see squonking is a big deal lately and I like the concept.
But I also remember liking the flexibility of my subox mini.
I could go either MTL or DTL whenever I wanted, I would like to keep that flexibility.
Moreover, I remember usually vaping using 0.7 coils at about 17-20W.
I don't really understand why so many people nowadays use huge wattages.
Is that really needed?
Am I missing something?
I remember vaping at ~40-50W made the vapour very very hot.
So I am looking for something that is:
- rebuildable
- flexible (MTL, DTL, heat/wattage, airflow options)
- no leaking (remember this was a problem with the subtank mini especially after a while)
- more oriented towards flavour than clouds
- TC (although I've noticed people saying cheaper mods are shoddy when using TC)
- doesn't break the bank
- minimal aesthetic is possible

Thanks everyone for any answers.
Maybe checkout the Siren 2 (22mm or 24mm).
It seems to meet all your requirements except possibly one - it may not be as DL capable as you want.
I don't DL, so all I know is the Siren 2 is generally said to be usable for restricted DL.
Maybe a dual user who has a Siren2 could chime in here /u/AnxietyAttack2013 

Until then, here's a short Phil Busardo review of the Siren 2:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buEvPt_08Go.
I’m not really a dual user.
I’m strictly MTL aside from product testing lol.
But I’ll give it a shot :) thanks for the tag!
Oops, sorry, thought you said you wandered off the reservation occasionally, I mean apart from reviews.
Nah lol.
I have a griffin 25 for personal use but it’s never used.
Now if I could find an authentic Sherman RTA I’d def go back to DL vaping a bit more often haha.
This seems to be where I'm leaning too, one of these or its competitors (Ares, Berserk, Kayfun clones).
What do you use for a mod?
I'm looking for a new mod myself, preferably one with a DNA75C board.
Can't find one in the form factor I want, though.
The Lost Vape Mirage is nice but it's taller than I'd like.
Bought a $25 EHPro Mod 101 to tide me over and so far, I like it alot.
It's a 22mm, 50w regulated tube with temp control and the ability to take either a single 18650 or 18350.
I think eciggity still has them if you're interested.
They also have the Tobecco Kayfun 5 clone, or did last I checked.
I see anxietyattack already mentioned the 5 has an unusually airy draw for a Kayfun.
The Berserker is strictly MTL if it's anything like its little brother, the Berserker Mini MTL RTA, which I have and like.
I'm with you on wattage.
I never go over 11.
Actually, I've been looking at the EHPro myself, but what steered me off is someone on reddit (maybe actually you?)
saying the EHPro looks weird with the Siren 2?
Do you have some pictures of that?
&amp;#x200B;

I'm trying to decide if that combo works or I'm getting one of the clones/hastur mini to pair the EHPro.
I really like the small form factor with a 18350.
Or just take the siren in black+some small black mod like the pico.
That wasn't me.
I use a Berserker Mini on the EHPro because it's small.
It's 32mm tall + 82mm for the EHPro in 18350 mode = small enough to hide in my hand sans drip-tip.
The Siren2 is fairly tall, but the person who said it looked bad might have the larger diameter version rather than the 22mm TPD version.
Edit: If you like the Pico take a look also at the Vaporesso Swag.
It's similar in shape and size.
It was something about the colors not matching up properly.
I misunderstood and thought you have it too.
Anyway thanks for the answers!
Helps a lot.
Subjective thing on my part, I just don’t like the Donald Duck shirt-but-no-pants look of painted atties on bare metal mods, and the Siren 2 is a gray painted silverish color that I had trouble matching to any of the mods in my collection.
That’s all.

Summary: 
I misunderstood and thought you have it too.
What do you use for a mod?
I use a Berserker Mini on the EHPro because it's small.
I never go over 11.
I'm with you on wattage.
I really like the small form factor with a 18350.
saying the EHPro looks weird with the Siren 2?
But I also remember liking the flexibility of my subox mini.
