Original Response: 
Even some countries that are significantly poorer than Canada have more paid vacation time.
What gives?
Don't people want to enjoy their lives as much as they can?
Because business can get away with it...
Unless you have highly sought after skills and have employers fighting over you.
(which is extremely rare) I work for large Canadian company in their IT department.
Government created a new holiday "family day" in February and my employer used a loop hole to get out of paying for an other day off.
They used my division's status as a transportation company  and claimed we are federally regulated so provincial holiday don't apply to us.
You can still take the day off ... As a vacation day or trade another holiday for it.
Pathetic for a company that claims to be one of Canada's best managed companies.
&gt; best managed 

Refers to the market view, not employee.
Best managed companies is a marketing firm.
You pay to get on the application list, then pay an annual fee to stay on it.
There are plenty of better managed companies than those on the list, they just don’t pay the fees.
They receive more applications then they give out by a large number, but many of the true best employers don’t give a shit about being on the list.
Everybody knows they’re good to work for already.
Edit: source, My company pays and we’re on the list.
*Because business can get away with it*

100% agree.
Businesses pay minimum wage and mandatory vacation pay because its legislated.
If it wasn’t, they probably wouldn’t.
It actually looks at a range of things like employee satisfaction as well.
They collect the data and submit it.
Its ludacris.
The CIO admited our department was under budgeted for resources all the while saying that we have excelled.
So they admit to unnder staffing and as admit we have been doing great anyway.
the company has been doing great so much so that the plan to litterally double the company's value in a 5 year plan.
No raises or bonus though.
They gave us $200 Christmas bonus last year and made a Huge deal about it.
Like they were the greatest company ever.
The Christmas bonus has normally been $150.
It's been $150 since 1991.
They haven't increased it until last year and that was only for that year.
Edit actually it's been been $150 since sometime in the 80s when they started doing it for Salary employees.
Hourly get $50..
Legislated they have a legal team try to figure out a way around it.
cough, cough.
That's what they make sick days for.
If you're salaried.
By the hour is a little more challenging.
:-)
They passively shame people for taking sick days.
If you do take sick days your expected to at least respond to emails.
Since your IT they hint that You can work from home if you feel a bit better.
Essentially if you are able to sit up and read you can work.
They even award people who have 100% attendance with gifts and public acknowledement.
You are disqualified if you have a sick day or personal day (including funerals and emergencies)
[deleted]
&gt; Its ludacris.
That bastard!
He's doing it for the shareholders.
https://media.gettyimages.com/photos/robert-greifeld-ceopresident-of-nasdaq-and-ludacris-at-the-ringing-of-picture-id114670098

EDIT:
FYI, Ludicrous.
Lol that's an Auto correct I'm cool with.
Typing on mobile not sure why it corrected.
ludicrous*
That’s not right.
Cn rail?
Here's a fucking crazy thought: why not legislate a certain amount of vacation time but not require employers to pay you for not working?
That way everyone gets more time off, while employers aren't stuck footing the bill?
It's a win-win for everyone so long as employees have the discipline to save money for vacation.
Remember kids, minimum wage means the company would literally pay you less if they could.
Same as how so many car awards are just paid bullshit.
[deleted]
For every position, the company would pay less if they could...
Passive shaming and hints that you can work... just ignore it and take your deserved sick day.
No but in the transportation industry.
You mean the new Kia didn't *really* deserve the "Best Medium-Tiny Subcompact AWD painted red Car of the Year" award?
Business owners have incentive to pay you as little as possible.
Landlords have incentive to charge as much as possible.
These 2 groups control everything but somehow it's ~~minorities~~ ~~immigrants~~ ~~socialists~~ your choices that are the problem.
&gt; Government created a new holiday "family day" in February and my  employer used a loop hole to get out of paying for an other day off.
I work for the federal government, we don't get the provincial holidays either.
We get the federal holidays and 

&gt;Employees have one additional holiday, depending on where they work – a civic holiday, a provincial holiday or the first Monday in August.
&amp;#x200B;
Yeah, that's just smart business.
If I could pay someone less money to the do the same job I'd make more money.
It's not fair, and it sucks but I can't honestly fault a company for looking at it that way.
I've always made it a point to ask for *at least* minimum wage plus a dollar, no matter what job I'm working.
It allows me to see my employer's reaction to being asked for a crumb above the bare minimum before I'm locked into abusive employment.
Every one earns minimum wage in Canada?
So you work for the person that pays you most (beelnefits included) or the one that pays you least, given the job and location are exatcly the same?
Crazy.
Business owners are not a hivemind monolith and compete with each other... Crazy world we live in.
Employees work for the highest bidder or lowest bidder?
[deleted]
They don't have to be a hivemind, I said incentive, as in they will naturally aim at the same goal regardless of cooperation.
They compete to make wages *less*, so yeah competition with each other.
There is a permanent unemployed army, Employees don't have any bidders, they bid to earn *less* and again competition pushes to lowest denominator.
I can fault a company for looking at it that way, it can be short sighted.
Employees are not like other costs such as materials and rent.
It's very difficult to measure the quality of an individual contributor in many jobs and the connection between pay and quality is direct.
And not just in the sense of higher pay preselects for higher quality candidates, but that higher pay can literally get more, or better, work from the exact same individual.
Study after study have shown this.
Some companies have this figured out (from Costco to Google), most others have no clue and continue to look at salary as something to drive down.
"Volunteer" as a medical receptionist.
Made me understand why high schools are strict with what they consider to be volunteer work to be counted towards the 40 hrs to graduate high school.
'Can't be a position they'd normally pay people for'
NB?
Family Day is a provincial day, not a federal day.
That's why I quit IT and did another 2 year diploma to switch into software development.
I now get paid more and my career path isn't moving into jobs that have me on call 24/7.
Ya, I work for a multi-billion dollar company, family day and civic holidays we don't get.
What province?
Thats still IT.... Was IS same thing.
For the record I work in IS.
My title is a Developer.
Everyone I work with is either a BA or a Programmer..
Well I live in the province..
I know haha, it sucks because I'm working for the federal and I dont get it.
I work for the fed govt too, from ON but work in QC.
I think it's odd that we get the QC holiday (St Jean Baptiste) bc it's a provincial holiday yet fed workers in ON don't get an ON-only holiday (Family day).
Like why is SJB mandated as a day off but not family day?
Odd!
I get that we have SJB instead of the August civic holiday, so it makes things even in terms of # of paid holidays off, I just wonder if the whole justification for not giving those working in ON family day is "oh it's provincial" why is a diff provincial holiday given as a day off....
I work for a completely private company.
It's just a federally regulated industry.
Transportation.
Ontario.
The excuse I've heard is our customers are American, so since they're working we gotta work.
Auto industry.
I work in NB.
Trucking company.
&gt; If you do take sick days your expected to at least respond to emails.
Since your IT they hint that You can work from home if you feel a bit better.
Essentially if you are able to sit up and read you can work.
What, what?
In my company if I take sick day all I need to do is send a note (e-mail or voice message) of that absence and setup an OoO message.
After that, I am not suppose to touch work *at all*.
Even to reply to e-mail or to participate in conference call or work on a document on my own.
The philosophy is that if I am sick, I am required to heal myself and I need to dedicate 100% of my time for the healing process.
At my company, they say one thing and mean another.
Family day is a quasi holiday.
This is what wiki has to say about it: "Family Day is not recognized in the federal sphere, federal employees in all provinces (such as public servants and postal workers) work on this day."
&gt;100% agree.
Businesses pay minimum wage and mandatory vacation pay because its legislated.
If it wasn’t, they probably wouldn’t.
Without legislation, businesses would pay what the market will bear.
For people making minimum wage, this would be less than minimum wage.
How much is unknown.
However, you will note some towns there are no jobs paying minimum wage.
In these places, market forces have created their own "minimum wage" above the government mandated wage.
Without legislation in these places, wages would not change.
&amp;#x200B;

In other words, business would pay what employees demanded.
If people were willing to work for less, they would pay less.
Of course, this market minimum wage is also influenced by government by social services/welfare.
At some low enough wage, it is better to be on welfare than go to work.
&gt;It's not fair, and it sucks but I can't honestly fault a company for looking at it that way.
What isn't fair about that?
That's like saying it isn't fair you'd pay less for milk at the store if you could.
"Fair" isn't really part of it.
&gt;I can fault a company for looking at it that way, it can be short sighted.
If this is true (and often, it is), then the company will lose employees.
It is very expensive to hire new recruits.
These market forces play a role in wages, as they should.
Yes but unlike finding the best deal for material your employees can just walk away if you try and undercut them.
Why do you think it's so common to work at a company for 2 years and then walk away for a raise?
Hey I fought in the trenches for years for my "JD Powell award for Initial Quality".
Whatever that means.
I bet your drive a chevy.
Sadly with family day and some of the civic holidays very few people other than government get them off.
I personally think they should be all mandated at the same level so that everybody is off except for essential services.
Well there are situations with single employer towns in many places with extremely exploitative worker situations.
Also in many industries there are only so many big players like how all the big tech companies lost a major class action suit recently because they were using cartel tactics and trading employee lists with each other to suppress wages massively for years.
Did they happen to make oil filters before going into transportation?
Its time for you to find a different place to work.
I work in IT as well and we dont get this treatment.
I've been with the same company for 20 years.
I get 5 weeks vacation plus banked OT and if you're sick you stay home - no questions asked.
In fact, the very fact that your company rewards people with 100% attendance is ludicrous.
Every person is sick a couple times a year at a minimum.
The smart ones stay home if its bad so they DONT SPREAD IT TO EVERYONE ELSE.
If you're a 100% attendance person they all you've done is work on days when you shouldn't have.
I remember years a go a company in the US used to appoint a person to walk around the office first thing in the morning during flu season.
If he saw someone coughing or hacking or not feeling well, they got a tap on the shoulder and were told to go home until they felt better.
This company dramatically reduced their absenteeism rate with this program.
Most lists are like this.
"Consumer choice award" lol

Deloitte having "best place to work" is a fucking joke.
It's because they pay to be on it (probably not directly) and because they have an HR department to game the system and get everyone to fill out surveys.
No.
NB always been a trucking company.
How many people in the workforce have the freedom to hold out for the highest bidder?
What is the liquidity of this market?
You can't really trust things to an unregulated free market unless you are okay with a failure state, how do you feel about a total failure of the labor market?
In BC, they'd just call you a "high technology" department (the definition is very loose), which means they don't have to give you most provincial holidays.
Yeah.
The entire company doesn't get it.
But our parent company does.
We work in the same building.

Summary: 
I work for a completely private company.
Family day is a quasi holiday.
That's what they make sick days for.
I work in IT as well and we dont get this treatment.
We work in the same building.
For the record I work in IS.
I've been with the same company for 20 years.
But our parent company does.
After that, I am not suppose to touch work *at all*.
I work for the federal government, we don't get the provincial holidays either.
Well I live in the province..
The entire company doesn't get it.
Because business can get away with it...
Best managed companies is a marketing firm.
Family Day is a provincial day, not a federal day.
Sadly with family day and some of the civic holidays very few people other than government get them off.
Like they were the greatest company ever.
Everyone I work with is either a BA or a Programmer..
Its time for you to find a different place to work.
It's just a federally regulated industry.
If people were willing to work for less, they would pay less.
NB always been a trucking company.
I can fault a company for looking at it that way, it can be short sighted.
Businesses pay minimum wage and mandatory vacation pay because its legislated.
Ya, I work for a multi-billion dollar company, family day and civic holidays we don't get.
(which is extremely rare) I work for large Canadian company in their IT department.
Like why is SJB mandated as a day off but not family day?
I work for the fed govt too, from ON but work in QC.
