Original Response: 
Finally a thread where the moderators can't remove criticism of CBC!
&gt;It’s hard to make an argument that Bernier’s 13-year-old connection to a think tank that was partly funded by a network of think tanks that is partly funded by the Koch brothers is relevant to the average Canadian.
&gt;The preamble to the interview on the CBC website gives a clue as to what Mesley was hinting at, though: “Bernier has linked his political beliefs to libertarianism, an ideology that forms the bedrock of many of the populist governments which have swept into power from the U.S. to Brazil."
This is an odd sentence

So the CBC is trying to claim that libertarianism is a bedrock of Trump's government or support?
That's quite the stretch, but then again that interview was full of stretches.
[removed]
the only downvotes are for your partisan bullshit.
there isn't much that's libertarian about Trump.
This is all just part of the attempt to slander libertarians by comparing them to Trump and labeling them "alt right".
Heh heh, yeah I had to re-read that sentence the first time.
Also like how they toss in the populism as a buzz word, as though all political parties don't adopt populist campaign strategies.
This is the left wing media playbook these days.
Find a group or organization that does not align with your worldview/ideology and connect them with a group everyone hates.
Use buzzwords like alt-right and Trump mixed in with the reporting to poison the well.
Maybe throw in a russian or two.
Next thing you know half the comments on /r/Canada are about how horrible the group is because no one thinks twice.
What was Trudeau's weed promise, if not populist and aimed at a young demographic?
You're right, every party tries to adopt popular strategies.
or the hand gun ban stuff.
Not science based but it sure is popular with the urban demographic.
&gt; libertarianism

In Brazil?
What a joke.
His weed promise is good governance.
Debatable.
I'm all for legalizing it, but it was more of a populist play than it was 'good governance', which we can see in how it was given to the provinces to roll out (aka screw up).
They wanted all the credit, with out the risk of looking bad or making mistakes.
I wouldn't call that one good governance.
If they implemented a nationwide plan, I'd be more inclined to agree with you.
&gt; Debatable

No, it’s not debatable.
And legalizing it was the nation-wide plan.
It makes perfect sense for the provinces to implement as they see fit.
The Fed can’t come in and force provs to run booze or weed.
Everything's debatable bud.
What if a province saw fit to have one retail store, in one city, that the majority of the province couldn't access?
Does that make sense?
No, not everything is debatable 

But the bottom line is the Fed wouldn’t have been able to force provs to implement uniformly nationwide.
Feds easily could have forced them to act uniformly.
They decided not to.
Lol, this is for sure debatable, considering we're debating it.
Not sure what you're so butthurt about here.
good governance and populist is not mutually exclusive.
No, but Weed is good governance and not necessarily populism.
Oh absolutely.
Thing is, if you ask most people right now what they think of when they hear populist, I bet most would say 'alt-right, dictator' than anything close to the actual definition.
Populist isn't a synonym for popular.
Weed legalization is the kind of thing that experts and evidence have been supporting as good policy for a long time.
"At its root, populism is a belief in the power of regular people, and in their right to have control over their government rather than a small group of political insiders or a wealthy elite.
The word populism comes from the Latin word for "people," populus."
Those two things aren't mutually exclusive.
The people can have the same opinion as the experts, and want the same thing.
Populism isn't negative in all cases, especially in a country like Canada that's one of the most educated on the planet.
History and Etymology for popular:

Latin popularis, from populus the people, a people

They seem pretty synonymous here.
Except that marijuana legalization is a policy that ivory tower elitists were pushing for for years while Joe Everyman fought back.
At this exact moment in time it's popular among everyone, but it used to be the domain of the dedicated activist, silent minority, and priveleged academic.
If you call it populist *now*, just because more than 50% of people approve, you've rendered the word "populist" useless.
It describes almost every policy, by your criteria, and that isn't how others use the word.
We've had a lot of policies pushed through that weren't popular.
Populism usually shows up when people are running for office, not once they're in office.
It's the things they promise to secure votes.
Pot was one in the last election, so was electoral reform.
Only one of those actually ended up getting pushed through.
So, when I like/agree it'S not populism.
Populism is only the appeals to a plurality of voters that I dislike.
I am all for legalization, but let's not pretend that this was floated for any reason other than winning some millenial votes for JT.
The Liberals refused to de-criminalize while the legilsation was being worked out meaing thousands (yes, thousands) of Canadians recieved criminal convictions for cannabis possession in hte interim - that means a criminal record and all the fun that comes with that, like unemployment.
The Associaiton of Chiefs of Police asked the gov't to do this soon after the election in 2015 and they refused.
You dared to speak ill of dear leader JT, while not as terrible as his father, well... like father like son he'll be there!
;)
Trump and the Koch brothers hate each other.
Poor execution though..
A state owned news agency that costs millions in taxpayer money to run that almost no one reads, is biased against a libertarian.
More at 8.
&gt; Populism usually shows up when people are running for office, not once they're in office.
It's the things they promise to secure votes.
Not sure that's entirely accurate.
Populist candidates typically have a disdain for experts and instead vote in ways that align with the popular sentiment rather along lines that are objectively in their constituents' best interests.
That's why populism should be viewed with great caution.

Summary: 
Populist isn't a synonym for popular.
good governance and populist is not mutually exclusive.
No, but Weed is good governance and not necessarily populism.
His weed promise is good governance.
I wouldn't call that one good governance.
So, when I like/agree it'S not populism.
It's the things they promise to secure votes.
there isn't much that's libertarian about Trump.
The people can have the same opinion as the experts, and want the same thing.
The word populism comes from the Latin word for "people," populus."
That's why populism should be viewed with great caution.
