Original Response: 
This is an outrageous slight against the family.
Truly disgusting to think that she can be "healed" in such a short time.
I wonder what healing programs and services were made available to the victim's family.
Probably a fair bit.
Most police departments have a victim services unit these days.
&gt;Truly disgusting to think that she can be "healed" in such a short time.
What do you mean?
They certainly are not claiming she is "healed".
They have potentially the rest of her life to keep trying to "heal" her.
Every day our justice system provides more arguments in favor of vigilantism.
I don't know anything about that kind of things.
How would a professional proceed with this?
How can she be "healed"?
I don't think just telling her what she did is bad would help.
I'm sorry if this comes as argumentative.
The entire corrections system is supposed to be focused on rehabilitation.
I'm not any type of mental health professional so I don't know any specifics about how various forms of rehabilitation work.
Edit: I do know that our corrections system is one of, if not the largest employers of psychologists and social workers in Canada.
Our corrections system is essentially our defacto mental health system.
[deleted]
Are they doing the same with Paul Bernardo?
Why is this psycho getting extra and not that psycho?
How about no help for psychos.
They can not teach her morals and compassion.
This severe of a sociopath has neither of those and never will.
She cares nothing for anything, only herself.
She can “act” like she cares but it’s just that, an act.
I would suggest reading up on sociopaths and extreme narcissists.
Scary stuff when taken to this extreme.
But most never get to this point.
And there’s more out there than one would think.
They usually just use people up and throw them away when done with them.
[deleted]
Which sucks because our mental health system is such shit.
Having the unit, and having appropriate resources, are two very different things.
I feel like people don't normally talk about mental illnesses as being "cured".
More treated or managed.
There are tons of medical conditions that we can't cure, but we still provide treatment.
Programs that help improve mental health in prisons probably go a long way to keeping staff and other inmates safe and costs down.
I'm not going to pretend that I can diagnose any specific mental illness in anyone, much less someone I have never met.
As I said in another post though, there are tons of different medical conditions that we can't cure but we still provide treatment.
Most healthcare is focused on improvements, not just 100% cure or nothing.
Improving mental health in jail likely goes a long way to keeping staff and other inmates safe, which would also reduce costs.
[deleted]
&gt;The entire corrections system is supposed to be focused on rehabilitation.
lol.
This is because no mental health organization uses the term psychopathy.
Its moreso a term used by the public.
There are treatments and things done for Antisocial Personality Disorder, though no real 'cure'.
Woodstock's a pretty small city that was in the news a few years back for having abysmal mental health services for youth, I don't know if they'd have those resources.
I don't know about Ontario, but in Alberta towns with &lt;10,000 have their own victim services units.
And without knowing the quality of said service you’ve really got nothing to add.
I’m pointing out that it existing does not speak to the quality.
Assuming that the quality of services is good is just as bad as assuming it is bad.
[removed]
Uh, Gladue courts have been a thing since like 2000.
McClintic is not of Indigenous descent.
We have for a long time sadly.
A lot of people have claimed both...do you have a definitive source for that?
Not separate laws, separate punishments.
“Healing” lodges (they’re practically just low security prisons but for natives), are supposed to be for low threat inmates.
Zero clue how this evil scumbag managed to get into one, complete undermining and failure of the system in general.
Makes me sick to my stomach.
[deleted]
I think it's been that way for while.
There's even an [Indigenous Law Degree](https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/you-re-trailblazers-university-of-victoria-launches-world-s-1st-indigenous-law-degree-program-1.4838338) now.
Rates of standard incarceration for indigenous peoples are higher than non indigenous....
So yes?
I honestly don't think this is an endemic issue with indigenous justice.
This appears to be an outlier to me.
But I will look for more info later just in case.
That's ridiculous.
So separate laws for high offending races?
literally, yes.
Look up the Gladue Report.
Sadly?
We actually do, google the Gladue Factors and you can find the actual criminal code #, specifically created to give natives a lesser sentencing.
I'm not kidding, just google it.
this guy knows whats up.
Rates are higher because they are committing more crime.
It's not rocket science.
basically yes.
The native community complained about it so the DOJ literally created that gladue bullshit to shut them up.
Like I'm not sure if you are purposefully misrepresenting what I said or not but..
Here goes...

Indigenous people are more likely to get stricter sentencing for crimes linked to poverty.
Which is totally not what the thread is about, but you rhetorically asked if the justice system is biased...
It is and it favours middle and upper classes, it favours women, and it favours those with strong community support networks.
I think you're trying to make an overall remark that native people have got it easier in our justice system... And my scrutinizing of the facts tells me the opposite.
I've done my research on it and try to keep the sources balanced and I encourage you to do the same.
If you still feel differently then I would assume we have pretty different world views and that's going to make it hard to find common ground.
I'm not talking about rates of conviction.
I'm talking about disparity in sentencing.
Is not rocket science...
But it's much more complicated than a throw away line about how native people commit more crime.
Also, I would argue it's more about people with weak social and community networks, low economic prospects and family history with the justice systems rather than "indigenous" per se and I would gladly shift the conversation to that lens.
We could circle back and ask ourselves who are these high risk to offend people and if the answer is mostly "indigenous" then we would have a good starting point to understand the reasons.
From there maybe we could have a good conversation about how different communities can collaborate on solving those problems.
So the end goal is to use racism to fight racism?
He must believe in equal rights.
What an asshole!
Yes.
And they commit more crimes because of factors that are largely out of their control.
Nobody chooses to be born into poverty and grow up surrounded by addictions.
If you are born into these circumstances, you are more likely to commit a crime than someone who was born in a good neighborhood and raised by responsible parents.
So, I know that you will say that that is the parents fault, not society’s fault.
BUT what Gladue says is that the parents likely grew up in similar circumstances.
As did their parents, as did their parents.... 

At some point, the impact of colonialism must be considered.
It’s not brain surgery.
I would guess that she is, however it's probably very little and inconsequential to the fact that she raped and murdered a little girl.
Oh for sure.
I suspect it wouldn't be so inconsequential to the fact that she was sent to a healing lodge though.
These healing lodges apparently accept non-Indigenous people but I haven't seen any proof for that.
It's actually very hard to find any info regarding demographics and numbers.
Yes, sadly, as long as there are two sets of rules for different races there will be division, jealousy and racism.
76% of Saskatchewan's Prison Population is Aboriginal, despite the fact that Indigenous people only make up 12% of our population.
Moreover, 98% of Female Youth in Saskatchewan Prisons are Indigenous, and 92% of Male Youth are Indigenous.
This means that either:

a) Indigenous people in Saskatchewan commit crimes at a rate of 7-9x the rest of the population (ludicrous)

or

b) There already is two sets of rules for different races.
We can cover our ears and harp on about how unfair it is that Indigenous people get special treatment, or we can accept that this special treatment is an attempt to re-balance the fact that our justice system has been heavily imbalanced towards incarcerating and punishing First Nations people for decades, and that this has had the effect of decimating their communities, essentially making it impossible to break the cycle of crime.
I mean, I'm just going to throw this out there... but maybe, just *maybe* the answer to this problem isn't to create a second set of laws that apply unequally to criminals, giving one set of criminals a much lighter punishment.
Maybe, the answer is to deal with the *rampant fucking corruption* in the system we've allowed to be created, and get rid of this nation-within-nation state.
I know people hate the idea of assimilation, but this current practice isn't fucking working, and it's not all 'the white mans' fault.
We need to deal with poverty rates.
We need to deal with the way reserves are managed.
We need to track the funds provided to bands, and ensure that those funds are appropriately spent and managed to uplift it's citizens.
We need to get rid of fucking healing lodges.
I know plenty of shitty white trash people who *also* grew up with generation upon generation of poverty, and we don't send *them* to a white 'healing lodge'.
We need to tackle the actual problems, and stop treating the symptoms of those problems, and it's not going to be a nice process, and it is going to piss off a lot of people on both sides to do it properly.
Happens in sask all the time my friend.
A woman who killed two kids, while driving drunk, in a stolen truck with her gang member, while being chased by the police, ONLY got 6 years, was released after 4 into one of these, but was able to come and go as she pleased.
Shockingly she missed curfew and had a warrant placed on her.
But it's a very normal thing out here.
At his point they are privileged citizens who get preferential treatment because of their skin colour.
Stop making sense.
Dude fuck off with that sjw bs.
You don't rape, murder, steal, assault people out of circumstances out of your control.
That's called passing the buck.
Why is it that there is zero accountability mentality when it comes to natives and crime.
It's literally always someone else's fault everytime.
Why can't criminals just take accountability for it?
I wish the government would say that about Colonialism
  Oh the Brits made us do it.
It's out of our hands, the queen and the Brits taught us how to do that so we aren't accountable, better luck next time!
No ones saying it makes you not guilty.
It’s just one thing (amongst many) a judge will consider at sentencing.
I suggest you go watch a court some time and listen to a judge’s decision.
I think you’ll be surprised at how much you end up agreeing with what they have to say.
Get out of here with your logic, we're talking about natives and crime here!
All jokes aside.
We and the government can't do anything about how funds are managed.
The last time someone suggested that, the natives said it was an act of racism and a way of keeping them from having their own self determination.
Do you realize that the last residential school closed only in the mid-90s?
That's not even 25 years ago.
Don't pretend like that never happened and then complain about "two sets of rules".
Then how did she get into a healing lodge.
I mean, white chick hit two kids I went to high school with while she was driving drunk (and had been caught doing so 2-3 times previously) got off on 2 years of weekend stays because she had young kids.
It’s not just about skin colour.
Actually no.
Ive read enough criminal reports and court transcripts over a 4 year University period.
Of course people have external factors that can motivate them to do certain things.
It doesn't mean it's okay nor should it be used as a crutch.
I want to have money.
Do I steal and assault for it or do I work at a job, go through school and look for a higher paying job?
Hmm.
No one is saying it makes it ok to commit crime.
The courts say that it’s one factor that should be considered when deciding a sentence.
It’s not a defence.
Having Gladue factors does not make you not guilty of an offense.
Mandatory attendance ended over 60 years ago.
The majority of those remaining residential schools were RUN BY THE BANDS.
That has NOTHING to do with 2 sets of laws and the effects on our society.
c) Reserves are oasis of poverty because the 2 sets of laws completely fucks over the first nations and the extremely high rates of alcohol abuse, drug abuse, birth disabilities (FAS is ridiculously present, like &gt;50% present) basically give these kids no chance so they ARE committing a much high rate of crime than any other group.
Its not due to their race but the situation they're in.
This.
\^\^ It's very easy to pick out certain circumstances and make generalizations.
I'm not talking about racism.
At least not necessarily in the judicial system.
I think sentencing outcomes are a product of a complex set of factors.
Some of those factors don't work out favourably for certain groups.
I don't think that's racism.
That's a sad reality of not having the better legal representation or somebody to vouch for you, or someone to take accountability or responsibility with/for you... Or literally a dozen other things.
I never said the solution is racism either.
I literally just said... Communities working together to come up with solutions to the above mentioned problems.
Like I've volunteered every year at my local food bank and shelters.
That's the real shit guys.
Get out there and help someone.
We got connected to a young women who's mother was incarcerated and she was taking care of her 5 siblings.
We organized care packages for that family for two years until she was in a better situation.
Who knows?
Maybe in some small way I kept a poor (native) person out of jail.
Maybe when their mom is out she won't be under quite a much pressure.
You think in advocating racism?
Like why is it so important that race be a part of this?
You know...
I think 'anti' identity politics are just another kind of identity politics.
but that shouldnt be a driving force that lowers the sentencing.
especially when its specifically designed for natives.
thats not an equal and fair justice system.
Uhhh yeah, she is buddy.
Aboriginals in the Prairie provinces commit a lot of crime due to poverty.
It’s the same everywhere the poorest people are responsible for a lot of certain types of crimes.
How is she a threat within the confines of the healing lodge?
Fuck me right?
I don’t know if she is, I’m saying the punishment doesn’t fit the crime.
She committed some downright heinous acts, she has no business being in low security less than a decade later.
The level of security doesn’t make her less in jail.
Obviously you don’t know what you’re talking about.
Low security is way more lax.
Way more freedom.
Visitors able to bring in cellphones, wear street clothes 24/7, ability to get takeout, better food, better rooms, ability to get jobs OUTSIDE the institution, oh and for the most part no fences/walls around the institution, etc etc, I can go on.
It’s practically a halfway house, within 3-6 months she’ll be able to do grocery store trips, another 6, day parole.
The level of security is a big fucking deal.
You think this woman deserves all these freedoms?
Or are you just talking out your ass?
What if I told you that the federal gov't requires financial statements from every first nation who receives funding from Canada?
Yearly.
And that the dept watching is underfunded.
What if I told you that after the First Nation Fiscal Transparency Act came along 50 chiefs were found to be involved in some level of corruption, but that only a dozen or so were found to have serious corrupt practices that were affecting their nations.
That leaves 550 other nations without corrupt chiefs.
I'm not an authority on the English language, but I don't think that qualifies as rampant.
What if I told you you could look up third party audited financial statements from almost every first nation in Canada right here: http://fnp-ppn.aandc-aadnc.gc.ca/fnp/main/search/searchff.aspx?lang=eng and that these have been given to Canada for decades?
Mismanagement is a huge issue on reserves, second only to mental health.
The mental health issues stem from residential school.
Now don't get all Lynn Beyak on me yet and tell me I didn't go, just listen.
It's easy if you know someone with PTSD, because imagine an entire small town of adults with PTSD, raising children.
Some would be ok, a lot would be really messed up because they didn't have a strong, nurturing, stable relationship.
ever.
Add abuse, alcoholism, drug addiction, and what chance would those children have in today's society?
I don't have an answer for the really remote reserves, especially outside B.C., because I live here and know a lot about aboriginal issues, but good management is why my nation has a Dr, mental health professionals, public works, sewage treatment, clean water and accredited teachers working on reserve full time.
We have ~70 full and 50 part time employees, mostly aboriginal and we live 6 hours away from the nearest big city (pop &gt;100,000) (a better metric I guess would be 3 hrs from the nearest Starbucks)

Thank you for sharing your honest opinions.
She's classified as a medium security inmate.
Not low.
[The facility she is at is NOT a medium security prison.
](https://globalnews.ca/news/4491689/tori-stafford-killer-healing-lodge-terri-lynne-mcclintic/) 
Are you really this dense?
Or just hardheaded?
Tell me, has she earned the right to have no fence, her family able to come stay with her, her own private bedroom?
And please explain how that is the same as regular prison while you’re at it.
Try again.
"Healing lodges for female offenders are minimum- and medium-security facilities"

Pretty sure CSC knows better than you what's appropriate and what's not.
Try again.
The facility she is at has no fence.
Tell me how thats the same.
And tell me why she deserves that freedom?
“In 2012 it had 30 beds, 65 employees and contained single and family residential units, as offenders may have their children stay with them.
Each unit has a bedroom, a bathroom, a kitchenette with an eating area and a living room.
There is no kind of fence around the facility.”.
Are you a CSC officer?
Tell me how you know better than they what medium security entails?
Are you?
Read the above and tell me she deserves those freedoms.
And oh yah the justice system is obviously a flawless, well lubricated system that is always right in its judgements /s.
And you're clearly much smarter then CSC so you must be right /s.
You still can’t say it.
Tell me she’s earned those freedoms.
Tell me this punishment fits her crime.
if CSC thinks it does, then it does.
Best thing I’ve read all day.
Thanks.
IF you told me that...
I'd probably have to actually get off my ass and do some research again, because apparently my understanding might be out-of-date.
Thanks, I'll make an effort to check into this further.
Appreciate the reply.

Summary: 
I think it's been that way for while.
I don't think that's racism.
I want to have money.
Tell me how thats the same.
I don't know anything about that kind of things.
if CSC thinks it does, then it does.
I don't think just telling her what she did is bad would help.
How can she be "healed"?
this guy knows whats up.
I'm not talking about racism.
Get out there and help someone.
Then how did she get into a healing lodge.
And there’s more out there than one would think.
Get out of here with your logic, we're talking about natives and crime here!
Rates are higher because they are committing more crime.
I honestly don't think this is an endemic issue with indigenous justice.
I never said the solution is racism either.
Tell me this punishment fits her crime.
But most never get to this point.
We have for a long time sadly.
We need to get rid of fucking healing lodges.
Like I'm not sure if you are purposefully misrepresenting what I said or not but..
I feel like people don't normally talk about mental illnesses as being "cured".
thats not an equal and fair justice system.
You think in advocating racism?
And tell me why she deserves that freedom?
No one is saying it makes it ok to commit crime.
Tell me how you know better than they what medium security entails?
We need to deal with poverty rates.
I would suggest reading up on sociopaths and extreme narcissists.
So, I know that you will say that that is the parents fault, not society’s fault.
I don’t know if she is, I’m saying the punishment doesn’t fit the crime.
I think sentencing outcomes are a product of a complex set of factors.
But I will look for more info later just in case.
No ones saying it makes you not guilty.
I'm not talking about rates of conviction.
I'm talking about disparity in sentencing.
I'm not kidding, just google it.
I think you’ll be surprised at how much you end up agreeing with what they have to say.
