Original Response: 
We only dated for a couple months but the sex was just fucking mind blowing.
Actually not just sex but I guess our whole sexual chemistry.
We decided to end things cause I was leaving the US to travel for an unknown amount of time.
Since her (split 5 months ago) I’ve had a couple one night stands and 2 FWB’s, the sex is average/good at best (like it was before her) and none of them feel like her amazing pussy.
Trying to communicate with fwb’s seems forced and un-natural..if that makes any sense.
I could write a laundry list of the things that girl did that left me speechless every time but I doubt that would help.
It’s messing with me that I won’t click with someone like that again.
Kinda wish I could erase that whole thing and sex could go back to just being “good”.
How am I supposed get a tryst like that out of my head?
Dude, I'll tell you good sex is hard to find, like really, really hard.
My first gf was similar, not a 10/10, but a solid 9.
I thought sex with everyone would be like that as she was a total virgin but nah, I was incorrect.
Having been a swinger internationally, I can solidly say these women are like 1/100 rare.
You can find them, and they are out there, which is exciting when you find them, but man you gotta look really hard.
It's even harder to find guys who give 10/10.
Since most dudes can cum so easily, theres less reason for them to learn how to do it right for the girl.
Le sigh.
For you, what makes a girl 10/10 in the sack?
Long duration and the ability to take a good, deep hard pounding.
Bonus points for doing anal.
A fit banging body is a bonus.
Most important is a genuine enthusiasm for sex.
General description of the most sexual people I know:

The Russian gets gangbanged 3 days a week at a swing club in Germany.
I've never seen anything like it, and quite frankly I'm not sure she is human.
She likes getting pounded deep and hard for 2-4 hours straight.
Nice fit body as well.
I speak no German, she speaks no English, and we are best of friends.
La machina.
She's french, I met her at a swinger party in Switzerland.
I was warned that she was a nympho.
The host wasn't lying.
She is the first one to get started and last one to stop.
She said her pussy needed a break halfway through and so I should fuck her ass.
I fisted her for a good while too.
The queen of Mexico.
She is essentially an amateur pornstar.
She goes hard, fit, banging body.
Does anal, DP, and I've personally seen her fuck from 9pm till 5am when I called it quits and went to bed at a private swing party.
Again, DNA test for this lady because I don't think she is human.
I think she prides herself in wearing dudes out.
So you're not really describing any kind of technique or real different thing these women are doing other having/liking sex and the ability to get jackhammered for a long period of time.
Kinda sounds boring to me lol.
Well I guess women who really like having sex for sex are rare.
Their skills are all top notch, and getting jackhammered by me (I'm a statistical outlier in size) is pretty darn fun, because I don't find many women who can take that.
Similarly, they don't find many men who can provide it.
Imagine never being able to have satisfying see and then finding it in pockets here or there.
The queen of Mexico has a nice talent, aligns herself perfectly.
She speaks little English as well and my Spanish is eh, so so.
Despite barely being able to converse, we get along great.
If you think women who enjoy having sex for sex are rare, you either dont know a lot of women or you just have a skewed view of our gender :/ I only know 1 woman who doesnt love (good) sex, and shes asexual and a virgin.
Jackhammering can be fun but if that's all a guy is doing, that gets boring pretty damn fast.
Some women maybe really like it.
But it's mainly just for the guy.
Theres no finesse to it, no rhythm, no utilization of angles and strokes.
Yawn.
This is why it's so much harder to find a guy who can give 10/10 sex lol and trust me most women dont have to "imagine" never finding satisfying sex lolol.
I've had a lot of sex with a lot of different women all over the world.
I'm a swinger and have been to large scale swing events with hundreds or thousands of people at one event.
Maybe I have a skewed view of women growing up in the USA, but from what I've seen, sex, good or not, is generally not sought out by most women.
I probably also have super high standards for "liking sex" running with the play partners that I have.
Again, don't misunderstand, I'm not saying they hate good sex or they would rather roll in broken glass than have sex.
I'm just saying they don't seek it out even when they have all the opportunities (aka they are hot) to have sex from most guys.
It just seems not very important to them.
They would rather go to a movie or dinner or to the club.
Many of the women want a pretty boy/muscular dude to be around and like the attention sex gets them, but they don't want sex.
From what I've seen most women tap out in 30-45 min tops, so I have to question how much they really enjoy it if they are done in such a short amount of time.
I know some women can get sore over time, but we aren't talking about a 4 hour train session, and most women don't seem to want to continue really anyway.
As far as the jackhammer, it depends on how you do it, but I love to pound a cervix and like women who like that.
I can do it in a way to focus more on your G spot.
I can go deep and press in and hold it or lightly tap your cervix.
There are all different ways.
The Russian WANTS you to pound her deep.
Its not just for me, but it is a mutually beneficial situation.
She isn't yelling "Fick, fick, fick" and slapping my hips because it isn't pleasing her.
Perhaps I'm associating women liking good sex with women that like sex the way I like it, but I have to assume she likes what she is doing or she wouldn't do it.
She goes hard like that for hours.
My GF in college that I mentioned had a GREAT compatibility with me, but she would complain that all we did was fuck.
If the sex is good (I gave her the first orgasm she ever had and many more), why wouldn't you want to have more of it?
Why complain about getting good sex and orgasms?
Only logical conclusion is that she really isn't into sex.
It can't be that important to her, although I'm open to alternative explanations.
If women like good sex, why don't they seek it out?
Why are single women less seen at events were sex is available such as at swing clubs?
You would think it would be 50/50 men and women if sex were so important to women, no?
What he is talking is raw enthusiasm.
Sure, many women like sex, but there is giant chasm between someone who likes bread and someone who will fly to another country to taste one.
It is a very rare thing.
Uh... All of your comments are reminiscent of Penthouse Forum letters.
Ie.
not true.
Dude I've been trying to get my boyfriend to take me to a swimgclub for ages but the tonw of your post has made me not want to go.
PSA, laaaaaaaaaame.
If someone needs convincing to go to a club, you definitely should not go.
No loss for me or anyone else in the lifestyle.
Keep in mind, these are European swing clubs and not USA ones, but if you aren't about that life, don't go.
Don't hate the player, hate the game.
If you don't believe me, go visit Frankfurt and I'll tell you were to go.
Nah man.
It's not about that at all.
I wouldn't mind any of the things you mentioned but the fact that you think women don't seek great mind blowing sex because they're not seeking the same kind of sex as you is so mysognistic/out of touch with women and made me not want to go to a club if that is the general mindset there.
I'm sure you are totally an uninhibited freak and despite never going to a swing club.
That said, it isn't misogyny, its math: at swing clubs, there are far more single men than single women, like 10-1 more.
If women are seeking out mind blowing sex, why aren't they at clubs where high sex drive people are?
It doesn't have to be the same style of sex I like or even sex with me.
I'm just saying the observed numbers don't support your claimed level of interest, at all, so logically sex can't be that important to them in any capacity.
If women are all about sex, why are there so few interested in actually doing it?
If there is a better/alternative explanation I'm all ears.
Please explain to me where these hoards of single women are seeking mind blowing sex, because in my 30+ years of living, I haven't seen it anywhere in the USA.
If women are all about mind blowing sex, why do most tap out after 30 minutes of it?
Is it a bad conclusion to think that a women fucking for 3-4 hours straight enjoys it more than a women who stops after 20-30 minutes?
It is also totally ok to have a low sex drive or be into 20-30 minutes max of vanilla sex.
Most people are that way.
You like what you like, and that's fine.
Its just not fine for me.
Again, if a random person on the internet you will likely never meet dissuaded you from having fun, lets be honest: you probably were never going to go in the first place.
I never said I was the spokesperson for swing clubs and I honestly don't go to them in the USA anymore.
Most of the people that go just want to watch.
Women don’t seek out sex because random men don’t *give* good sex.
They seek out relationships because it’s the best way to get fucked properly.
Who tells you this stuff?
If a random guy meets a girl the sex is automatically bad, but if he sticks around for a relationship the formerly bad sex now becomes automatically good?
How does that happen?
Do explain why my Russian friend gets gangbanged by random dudes EVERY weekend if the sex is so awful?
If this is the case, why does the frequency of sex decline in relationships and particularly after marriage if it is so awesome and proper?
K I'll rephrase that.
Pretty much every woman I know loves fucking and cumming and I've known way more girls who have had deadbeat low libido bfs than the opposite, and they hate it.
&gt; Do explain why my Russian friend gets gangbanged by random dudes EVERY weekend if the sex is so awful?
She might have some issues?
I am a woman.
It takes more effort to get a woman off.
You need to learn how.
You don’t need to learn how with a man.
A one night stand has no incentive to learn, and also no time to practice.
If he doesn’t really care about her, he doesn’t need to care about her orgasm either.
The fact that you’re bigger than average and just like to jackhammer women says plenty about why you think women don’t like sex.
They don’t like sex with *you*.
There's enthusiasm and there's what sounds like addiction.
You would need some stamina to keep up with that.
Would you say I didn't like beer because I don't drink non-stop 24/7?
Are you saying that a women has a mental problem if she enjoys sex?
She doesn't do that every single day, just 3x on the weekends.
Why is that an issue/problem?
I thought these women that love sex are everywhere, but then when I find one you say she is troubled and has issues?
No, if you drink beer 24/7 you have a serious problem and are going to die an early death.
I didn't say these women fuck 24/7, but they do it for several hours at a time and seem to enjoy it greatly as a hobby or bonding with friends.
Many people go for a drink every day after work or drink a bit more on the weekends in their free time as a hobby or bonding with friends.
Eh, it isn't so easy to get every guy off.
Average guys, maybe, but giving blowjobs or deep throating is an art that isn't easily acquired.
I jackhammer women who enjoy being jackhammered.
It's not for everyone, and it may not be for you.
They aren't looking for any sort of love making, they want to get pounded and they LOVE having sex with me.
How else would I repeatedly have success with women I can't even speak to as we don't share a common language?
Pretty sure the vast majority of guys can pound a hole and have an orgasm.
I’m talking about sex.
Even if a woman just lies there like a dead fish, the guy can cum the *majority* of the time.
Yes, that’s considered “bad sex” but it’s actually just “boring sex”.
Bad sex for a woman is painful, scary and absolutely involves no orgasm.
I just find it funny your ideal woman is basically a receptacle and you’re under the impression all woman hate sex.
I’m sorry, all women except the ones you fuck?
What logic is that?
&gt; If women like good sex, why don't they seek it out?
Why are single women less seen at events were sex is available such as at swing clubs?
You would think it would be 50/50 men and women if sex were so important to women, no?
Loving lots of sex doesn't mean wanting casual hookups.
I'm not sure why that concept seems so hard for you to understand?
Women dont seek out casual sex for very valid reasons.
I'm a woman who loves sex but I would never attend any of those events.
I didn't say casual sex, per se.
I said seeking good sex.
Although I have sex with a lot of different women, it isn't all good.
Out of the women I fuck, I keep up with the good ones and see them regularly, and discard the ones that are marginal, hence screening for and controlling for good sex.
To find out if someone is good at sex, it would seem to require having sex.
I don't see any other way to control or screen for proficiency or alignment in a specific activity otherwise.
If you are a women that likes big penises, it would seem that at some point you would have to inquire about the size of a guy's package.
You seem to suggest there is some way to determine sexual proficiency without having sex, and my questions is "How?"
The concept of seeking good sex/loving good sex and controlling for good sex without actually having sex seems contradictory.
How do you control for good sex or seek it out if not going to events where high sex drive/capability potential sex partners are?
Why would you never attend one of these events knowing nothing about how they operate or the people attending it?
There is no way of knowing before you actually do the deed, I already concluded that.
My point was just that just because women dont seek casual sex as much as men do, that doesn't mean we don't love sex just as much.
I would never attend because I don't do casual sex and I prefer to keep sexual activities between me and a stable partner.
40% of guys can pound a hole for under 2 minutes.
On average they can pound a hole for about 5-7 minutes.
Pounding a hole for an hour straight?
Not very likely, statistically speaking.
I don't deal with dead fish partners, and I'm not defending bad sex.
I'm not saying all women must like my aggressive style of sex or its defacto bad sex.
Some women like soft, slow sensual lovemaking, which is fine for someone else.
Some women  like hard, deep pounding sex and pressure on their cervix, which is just fine for me.
Whatever you like, whichever way is totally fine.
I just don't see women seeking EITHER ONE out.
If women like sex and are mentally turned on, it would seem they should be able to go for hours vs 20-30 min, max.
I personally like massages and would prefer a 1 hour massage over a 30 minute massage.
I would prefer a 2 hour massage over a 1 hour massage.
My sex partners appreciate what I bring to the table and how I deliver it.
There is kissing, touching and an aggressive sensuality to it, more along the lines of S/M type play.
I don't see women controlling for good sex, period.
You say they are, and I'm saying I don't see the claimed interest manifest into physical presence or actions designed to result in the desired outcome, which suggests women aren't doing it.
I keep asking "HOW" and nobody can tell me how women control and seek out good sex, which again suggests that they aren't doing it.
I didn't say all women hate sex.
Again, it isn't like I'm comparing sex to rolling in broken glass.
They just don't seem to like it, control for good sex, or seek it out.
Not liking something doesn't mean you hate it.
I don't like any cola flavored soda.
If there was a sprite vs a coke presented to me, I'd prefer the sprite, but I have drank coke if there is nothing else.
You’re kind of ignoring the points I made.
Having PIV sex for too long leaves a woman sore.
It’s not more pleasurable to do it for an hour than 20 minutes with a great orgasm (or 10).
My boyfriend literally gives me an orgasm every few minutes when we have sex, for an average of maybe 15 minutes a time, and I’d take that over being pounded for an *hour* any day.
That hurts your vagina.
My point was that women are more likely to have GREAT sex (aka at least one orgasm, if not multiple) with a man who knows them well.
Knows what turns them on, knows how to get them off, is willing to put time and effort into foreplay, is open enough to listen to suggestions and advice etc etc

All of those qualities manifest themselves best in a *relationship*.
Not in casual sex.
A casual encounter very rarely results in a man wanting to spend 45 minutes of foreplay focused on her to get her off before he gets his 15 minutes of pounding because she can’t cum from PIV but he can.
This isn’t the man’s fault, in a casual encounter the woman usually doesn’t care that much about his feelings either.
That’s the point, it’s casual.
But those of us who really love sex and want to have great sex, actively seek out long term relationships so we can find someone who will give us exactly what we want and need, rather than a string of random men who want to stick their dick in our vagina repeatedly for an hour.
Some women get sore after 15-20 min.
Hell most women might get sore after 30 minutes, but definitely not all.
I think a relationship may be one way of finding good sex, but it isn't THE way as it is often touted.
I spend time to get to know my regular play partners and what gets them off, but there is a basic compatibility we have that works: I have a big dick and they want one.
Sexual compatibility is matters a lot.
Casual sex in the way that you are doing it may not result in the best outcomes for you, but you may not be going about it in the most optimal way.
Also, r/deadbedrooms and the general decline of sex in a committed relationship are indications that your relationship solution may not be as good as you suggest it is.
If the key to good sex is a relationship why are there dead bedrooms?
Almost all of those people are in relationships for years, and the sex is nonexistent or sucks.
The foreplay to sex ration is a big difference as well.
I'd never spend 45 minutes of foreplay with anyone.
I think we are just talking about the differences in a top down vs bottom up approach.
How do you manifest your love for sex then?
Are you saying you love it, but its the impossible dream and you just don't seek it out?
You hope it will develop in the context of a relationship?
Deadbedrooms is a thing because marriage and long term commitment comes with life changes and general problems.
Stress and life get in the way of sex.
Most marriages have pretty good sex, just less often because they’re being having lives and kids and getting on with shit.
They don’t bother going on the internet to brag about their normal lives.
Most women get sore after more than 30 minutes.
Most vaginas.
More friction = more soreness.
This is just true.
If you have sex with someone multiple times, you have a relationship.
Not a monogamous, committed, exclusive relationship but still a relationship with that human being.
FWB is a type of relationship, and also the reason many women opt for FWB over banging a different random dude every night.
Most women would rather be in a relationship than have casual sex.
This is pretty much a fact.
Most women enjoy and love sex, also a fact (the one you seem to disagree with because “if they really loved it, they’d be banging everyone they could”, even though I’ve explained why that’s disappointing for most women).
Agree to disagree.
My life experience as a woman and one who knows a fuck load of women, means I’ll take my personal anecdotal evidence over your personal anecdotal evidence as a dude with a dick.
Soz.
What do you mean how do I manifest it?
I know I love sex.
I love being kinky and I love a man to be dominant and throw me around.
Thats what turns me on.
Within a relationship, I want sex very frequently.
Impossible dream?
No, finding sex as an attractive young woman is pretty easy.
I could have sex within 15 minutes if I wanted to.
I just don't have any interest in casual hookups.
Manifestation: action that displays of a concept.
If you say you love sex, how do your actions show that you love sex?
If you say you are looking for a highly sexual partner, how do your actions show that you are looking for it?
You say you are kinky, sexual, etc... ok, fine.
How do you look for that?
It sounds like you are seeking the relationship first and hoping it will develop into the kinky sex you are looking for.
That seems a bit backwards to me.
I would control for good sex first and then seek people within that circle that might be good for a relationship.
If you like dominant, aggressive men, how do you seek and control for that?
The impossible dream being finding GOOD sex, which naturally requires having sex to validate if it is good in the way that you like it or not.
My actions say that I love sex - within a relationship.
I don't do casual hookups, period.
I mean, there is no way of knowing before you start having sex.
Read your question and my answer again.
You asked for an *alternative* explanation for her getting gangbanged every weekend.
I gave you an alternative explanation.
I think it depends on the couple.
I am poly and I know one of my partners probably rates me a 7.
Good but not great, I know this one that I rated a 10... she would also probably rate me a 9 or 10.
We each want different things, and each do things differently.
Eg, I can make one of my female bodied partners cum by oral in about 5-10 minutes... to the point were she has to lay there a quivering mess for a good 10 minute before we do anything else.
Others it takes time, or is impossible.

Summary: 
I fisted her for a good while too.
I know I love sex.
I said seeking good sex.
They don’t like sex with *you*.
If women like good sex, why don't they seek it out?
I didn't say all women hate sex.
If women are all about sex, why are there so few interested in actually doing it?
How do you manifest your love for sex then?
I was warned that she was a nympho.
&gt; If women like good sex, why don't they seek it out?
I mean, there is no way of knowing before you start having sex.
I jackhammer women who enjoy being jackhammered.
Within a relationship, I want sex very frequently.
I just don't see women seeking EITHER ONE out.
I don't see women controlling for good sex, period.
Stress and life get in the way of sex.
Some women maybe really like it.
I just don't have any interest in casual hookups.
I don't do casual hookups, period.
Most women would rather be in a relationship than have casual sex.
It's not about that at all.
Women dont seek out casual sex for very valid reasons.
They just don't seem to like it, control for good sex, or seek it out.
I think it depends on the couple.
Why complain about getting good sex and orgasms?
Although I have sex with a lot of different women, it isn't all good.
What do you mean how do I manifest it?
It doesn't have to be the same style of sex I like or even sex with me.
Well I guess women who really like having sex for sex are rare.
If you have sex with someone multiple times, you have a relationship.
I don't like any cola flavored soda.
I gave you an alternative explanation.
My actions say that I love sex - within a relationship.
Most women get sore after more than 30 minutes.
I could have sex within 15 minutes if I wanted to.
I didn't say casual sex, per se.
I'm a woman who loves sex but I would never attend any of those events.
Are you saying that a women has a mental problem if she enjoys sex?
She goes hard like that for hours.
If you say you love sex, how do your actions show that you love sex?
If the key to good sex is a relationship why are there dead bedrooms?
If women are all about mind blowing sex, why do most tap out after 30 minutes of it?
