Original Response: 
[deleted]
What is the funniest thing/incident you’ve ever come across that you’ve had to keep a straight face to deal with?
Have you ever lost it and started laughing?
[deleted]
Did they make it?
[deleted]
Well that's shitty.
=/
Aw shit.
https://youtu.be/ObpcGNCU944.
[deleted]
Almost never.
There were a few UK and US studies about Television Doctors and misperception of CPR survival rates.
Actual survival rates were around 4-7% i believe.
Perceived survival to discharge from hospital I believe were in the 50-60% range.
Kinda makes you want to change the CPR rate song from Staying Alive to Another One Bites the Dust.
&amp;#x200B;
About 40 percent survive actually, give or take.
joke aside, cpr has a pretty low success rate.
Who would've thought it, the human body isn't very good at surviving after the heart has stopped.
Take your upvote and leave.
[deleted]
Yeah when you die, your bowels and bladder release their contents.
At my school we needed it once.
A father of a student collapsed before a meeting with the kid's teacher (parent teacher meeting day, no classes, just seeing parents and their kids all day).
Four teachers from that part of the building did CPR, took turns doing so, called the ambulance and informed the office and so on.
The paramedics returned later on to tell them that they did amazingly well and that their fast reaction ensured that the man survived and will have very little lasting effects.
A friend of mine is a police officer, and he picked up a naked guy running around the streets at 3 in the morning.
Turns out he was doing a FIFA dare where he had to do a naked lap of the streets and got lost.
With breaths and a defib it's pretty much 50 50, with no defib its under 40 and just compressions is 24%  

Source: just finished school first aid training for work.
breaths arent sop anymore.
yup, get circulation going quickly ameliorates all ze damage.
My medical experience tells me that there’s a good chance that they were actually dead the moment they “released their bowels”.
r/unexpectedgerman.
What's the success rate of doing nothing?
If you have been trained to do them, you should do them.
bruh.. they dont teach breaths in BLS anymore.
ever given cpr?
not light hearted physical activity.
if you dont know current guidelines then dont comment.
They did on the level 3 course I took last year.
If you are trained and it's safe/appropriate then 2 rescue breaths after 30 compressions.
Otherwise, compressions only.
[deleted]
Isn't that just because the average person isn't as effective at giving CPR, so it's better for lesser experienced people to focus solely on CPR instead of trying to give CPR and breaths?
Will do.
exactly, The greater benefit cones from some circulation currently oxygenated RBCs not necessarily in the reoxygenation from an already metabolically consumed breath.
you’re not consuming much oxygen when you’re unconscious laying on the ground.
fukkin Cloud.
I was walking down a busy avenue once and saw a cat stretched out not breathing and not moving.
A bunch of kids were surrounding it and apparently it's a stray cat that got hit by a car.
I didn't know how long the cat's been there in that situation and whether or not CPR would have helped at all.
It wasn't bleeding or anything.
Just immobile and not breathing.
Every now and then I think about it and wonder if there was anything I could have done.
Does it work with trauma like this?
An absolute 0.
I don’t know that for sure I never read the position stand for the change.
Does that mean they shouldn't have attempted CPR on the body after the fact?
At that point they are dead.
When you die all your muscles relax causing the corpse to lose bowel control.
Yes, CPR includes breaths if you can, but compressions only is better than no CPR at all.
People were not starting CPR compressions at all because they thought rescue  breaths were essential and didn't know or didn't want to do it.
I've seen people refuse to do it to the dummy if other people could see ...
You should always attempt until a doctor calls time of death or when injuries are obviously beyond help.
“Help my dad just passed out please help.”

“Sorry little Timmy, I’m not getting on my knees and blowing into another man, miss me with that gay shit”.
Unfortunately I have heard this in reality!
(I realise you were joking) and also fears of being accused of assault... Get trained and keep your training up to date :)
They seem to go back and forth on the breaths part.
When they taught me, it was sans the breaths, when my dad did it back in the day they had 'em...gotta wonder why they keep going back and forth.
16% chance of revival.
Still better than 0% and a skill everyone should learn and get refresher courses on.
Agreed.
Good Samaritan law protect you.
In the hospital we're trained to give only compressions of you're on your own, but breaths and compressions with 2 or more.
The idea is that time taken to stop compressing and give breaths is too long with only one person.
However, there's a bit of variation in BLS algorithms so it's not clear that one or the other is superior.
It's not one group going back and forth, it's different organisations using different algorithms.
Even today some say always do breaths, some say never and others say only if you have 2 or more responders.
Cant say ive ever cracked up next to a dead person.
I'm curious, was he arrested or did they take him home?
I had to renew my license less than a month ago and we were taught breaths.
This was the American Heart Association, maybe different trainers have a different approach and practice?
CPR isn't really meant to save someone on the spot, it's more to keep them alive long enough for Paramedics to get to them and treat them.
No.
CPR is mostly used for cardiac arrest it will do little good when your organs are turned into soup.
Lolwut.
I think I read that study.
If it's the same one I'm thinking of, the results were pretty skewed because they were measuring the rate of recoverys leading to a hospital discharge.
Most people who need resuscitating were already dying before they went down.
No visible damage from the outside but the organs/head could have suffered internal hemorrhage from the impact.
Again, no leaks or visible deformations on the outside.
They probably would have died from the embarrassment anyways.
At 30 days... survival is about 10-12%.
It has been since they first developed CPR in the 60s.
Unless their heart stops cause they stopped breathing.
Then its like 50%.
Dying people are going to die.
Another one bites the dust actually has a good metronome to do CPR to as well, ironically.
AFAIK CPR is mainly used to keep blood flowing so the patient doesn't get brain damage.
Once their heart is pumping there is still work to be done to fix whatever caused it to stop in the first place.
It's a bandaid fix not a solution to the problem.
Don't feel bad there was nothing you could do to save that cat unless by some miracle it was still alive in which case the most humane thing to do would be to kill it as quickly and painlessly as possible.
The thing is..people shit themselves when they die.
Nobody ever taught you that in fancy lad school?
So the problem isn't so much breaths being gross or that people are bad at it, but that everytime you stop giving breaths you drop the pressure needed to perfuse the heart.
Realistically, you should never stop CPR unless you're either doing a pulse check or getting ready to shock (even that last part is debatable).
Let EMS crews give breaths since they have tools for it and can be there pretty quick.
Thanks, I appreciate it!
What country are you in?
In Australia Breaths are taught as standard still.
Not to the bathroom.
No, this is more of a job for a good therapist.
Letting go of a memory of a dead stray cat isn't really in the scope of what CPR can help with.
Plus, Queen &gt;&gt; Bee gees.
My 7yo son had a cardiac arrest at his school football club after school.
The Bursar had completed a CPR course the week before and performed CPR for 5 minutes before the ambulance came and restarted his heart with a de-fib.
Because of that CPR he is alive and damage free, without it I would be a shell of the Man i am today.
Regardless of the success rate CPR is something we should all learn and know as well as how to use De-fibs.
[deleted]
No they aren't.
It's trained in some of the more advanced classes but basic first aid courses are compressions only these days.
Novelty balloon?
[It's the act itself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9yDCK-Pjk8)
&gt;	Turns out he was doing a FIFA dare

A what?
*you must construct additional therapy*
[deleted]
But it's above zero, which is the chance if there's no CPR.
Soccer fans.
He lost a game of Fifa to his mate and this was his punishment.
Pretty standard.
But, as a measure to keep the patient alive until the professionals arrive, it's pretty useful.
Just CPR, with no other aid, though, is a long shot.
He was taken home - the officers thought it was a really funny situation, and they didn't feel like doing the paperwork for it.
Basically, if you lose a FIFA football game by a set margin of goals you have to do a certain dare.
As an example, I lost by 5 goals to a mate once, and had to call his parents explaining how much better than me he was.
Lol, good dare.
Seems pretty messed up from an outside perspective.
In my county we do compressions absolutely, breaths if possible but not as necessary.
Need to circulate that blood, and compressions will move a bit of air through the lungs on its own.
WE'RE STREAKING!
We're going streaking through that quad and into the gymnasium!
EVERYBODY'S DOING IT!
Ha ha ha ha ha this guy dying expelled his bowels right before he fucking died in front of you.
HILARIOUS!!!!
!
My favorite fact about CPR is that to get the right rhythm you should do the chest compressions to 'stayin alive' by the bee gees.
Do you have a source on this?
I don't know why you're being downvoted, you're completely right.
If you're inexperienced any performing CPR by yourself focus on compressions, aim for over 100 good compressions a minute.
Stopping to give breaths that really equates to very low oxygen exchange is more detrimental and will exhaust you faster.
Most inexperienced folks do not know how to give proper breaths anyway, or are unwilling to do so with complete strangers.
Even the hospital BLS though, with proper bag/mask ventilation they recommend only compressions.
That's cold.
But real.
That’s great.
In the US he would’ve been arrested and facing punishment that probably includes registering as a sex offender.
And then the police wonder why there’s so much pushback from the public lately.
I just redid my yearly CPR for work and we’re always taught to do breaths.
We’re told only doing compressions is better than nothing but they tested us on breaths.
[deleted]
Oh.
I thought it was like less than 5% or something.
I've done CCR about 6 times so far and none of them have survived.
It's mostly about how fast you get there.
The survival rate is a lot higher when people start giving CPR the moment someone loses consiousness.
Ameliorates?
Oh that makes more sense, these were almost all automobile collisions with at least a 5 minute delay.
slows the progress of to make the situation better.
My attending at a hospital, he was researching journals on his phone.
this is what I found.
https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/08/150828135219.htm

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26296584

https://cpr.heart.org/AHAECC/CPRAndECC/ResuscitationScience/UCM_477263_AHA-Cardiac-Arrest-Statistics.jsp%5BR=301,L,NC%5D

https://www.ahajournals.org/doi/pdf/10.1161/CIR.0b013e31828124ad

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29445308

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29766127

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/28993522.
When someone hit my parked car and drove off the police said they went to her house but the gate was locked - so couldn’t do anything more.
Were they just having my life?
I couldn't say, not knowing the details.
I know here you'd probably not even be able to get someone to go to the house.
There's just not enough hours in the day and cops in the stations to deal with everything.
It was in the north.
I was surprised myself to be honest!
He was a really nice guy too.
We were saying, only today, how strange it is to think of seeing policemen walking a beat on our high street when we were kids.
Tough job made tougher these days I believe.
Too busy arresting people for mean tweets nowadays.
&gt;There's just not enough hours in the day and cops in the stations to deal with everything.
What do you suggest regular people do with this becoming more and more common with people committing crimes and the police either doing nothing at all, or saying they can do nothing?
Downvoted for speaking the truth.
Vote Labour.
But plenty waiting to write speeding tickets.
I know it's not the police force's fault (govt directive), but I hate how it takes weeks to get the police out for something like a burglary, while I'll pass 2 parked on the side of the road with a radar driving to the city.
[removed]
How do you feel about people fighting back because they know the police won't come?
I live in the North and the other month a group of blokes; smashed all the widows on the old club, vandalised countless cars, flipped over one car, and torched another on the drive.
The police didn't show up till the next day and have seemed to do nothing.
The old club shared their security footage on FB.
I'm not blaming you for this sort of thing but I could see the police's lack of presence and results (catching criminals) leading to people deciding to protect their own property using violence.
They don't have the power to force entry or make an arrest if they won't leave the house voluntarily.
If you said someone hit your car and suspected of drink driving it might change things.
Did your insurance company not sort this out for you?
I had the same situation, except didn't contact the police; told the insurance company and they sorted the whole thing out, despite the fucker refusing responsibility at first.
This must piss law-abiding citizens off and drive them to vigilante justice.
I’ve got to admit I’ve only seen police sitting with a radar once in my entire life, it’s all sneakily placed cameras around here (I swear I saw one hidden in a hedge once).
You can get around this with a little-known trick: obeying the posted speed limit.
Downvotes incoming.
I mean, most of the stolen cars are on fire in your area anyway, right?
It's how I navigate - that glow on that horizon is the rising sun, that glow on the other is Moss Side.
If you're  annoyed about cameras hiding in hedges do not come to Australia.
OP isn’t saying that they’re speeding and getting tickets.
Instead they’re saying that more cops spend more of the time sat with radar guns and writing speeding tickets to *other* drivers than they are investigating actual crimes.
You can get around misunderstanding like this with a little-known-trick: reading properly.
But road traffic accidents from speeding kill a crap ton of ppl a year.
Issuing speeding fines reduces the amount of ppl speeding.
Surely that's not a waste of police time otherwise "investigating actual crimes"?
It's just less interesting.
Curbing speeding does save lives.
The downvotes will be because you missed the point.
Different specialties.
Investigators vs patrolmen.
Na we don't have anyone writing speeding tickets in the UK, we have a complex invasive network of automated speed cameras to collect a stealth tax on drivers

Edit: sarcasm people, sarcasm.
Expected more from the UK contingent of Reddit!
The new ones on the M3 are well hidden until the last second.
What happened to the rule that they could only be placed in accident blackspots too?
Can’t say I’ve driven the M3 so I’m not sure how bad those cameras are.
The M1 up towards Leeds has them on the gantries now, enforcing temporary speed limits.
Although to be fair they also have fucking great big signs telling you on every gantry and every so often on the side of the road.
I see one of the mobile camera vans minimum once a week on my morning commute (on the A3) which I have to assume are manned by a couple of policemen.
How is fining someone for going too fast a "stealth tax" just go the speed limit and you'll be fine ffs.
Get off the road, granny.
The lost “tax” revenue from people sticking to the speed limit would be more than offset by the money saved from the number of people who would avoid hospital from injuries related to speeding.
Because doing one of those things makes the government money.
I dunno about the UK, but in the US we need to ditch most of the patrolmen and hire lots of investigators.
Like ASAFP.
It is a lot easier and takes a lot less training to give a parking violation than investigate a crime scene.
Not just radar...number plate recognition.
If it dings for no tax, MOT or insurance, they’re obligated to run you down.
That's nuts.
So glad to live in the US.
It's not as clear-cut as that.
Many "safety cameras" had to be removed because they were positioned to maximize profit at the expense of road safety; they made the roads less safe by causing people to focus on their exact speed rather than the road around them.
Driving faster than a sign at the side of the road tells you to is not fundamentally dangerous; it's often safe to drive faster than the limit and it's often not safe to drive at even half as fast as the limit.
The real problem is that you're either recklessly driving too fast for the road conditions or you're not paying enough attention to how your speed relates to road conditions and hazards.
Both of these are already covered by Driving Without Due Care and Attention and Dangerous Driving, and cover a far broader range than just speeding.
The reason why speeding gets so much attention is because it's really easy to detect and enforce.
Well, that and because at extremes it's spectacularly deadly.
IMO it's immoral to prosecute someone for driving at 50MPH on a wide, empty, straight 30MPH road with no hazards at 1AM, and anyone who supports that is a disgusting authoritarian or a snivelling bootlick.
Stealth tax my arse.
Tax is unavoidable, speeding tickets aren’t.
Eh.
It all depends on how you look at it really.
Investigators are there to solve crimes whereas patrolmen are seen as a deterrent to prevent crimes from occurring.
They’re also first responders in the event of an emergency.
Most of the jobs they perform require high numbers.
TIL UK cops are just like US cops.
So everyone of those threads bashing US cop quotas are not filling in the whole picture.
A little while ago somebody blocked me from entering my car and started saying stupid threatening shit to me so I hit the dude and called the police after driving away (this is in England btw).
This was at 2am, ish.
I got called into the police station at about 3am to give a statement and the officer thought it was hilarious when I assumed I was in trouble.
Turns out that you can totally hit a dude if you have genuine reason to worry for your safety, and somebody blocking your car and threatening you counts just fine.
Unless you go out of your way to fight the dude it's, apparently, called a preemptive strike and is totally covered by the law.
Grab a weapon with the intent of using it?
You were looking for trouble and you could have easily walked away.
Stopped in the street randomly?
Fuck the dude up any which way you want, chances are the police won't mind one bit as long as you don't kill the dude.
Those guys arent police officers, they are civvy staff.
Lol.
Is *having my life* like *taking a piss* in this context?
More lives to be saved by reducing speeding than by responding to a burglary that is already over I guess.
Not writing tickets as such, but the cameras aren't all automated.
There's quite frequently a speed camera van that deploys near my house, neatly parked between two permanent cameras.
I still love how Australians bond together against speed cameras.
The classic flick of the lights if there’s a camera ahead, to signal to the car behind, epitomises what I love about Australia.
[deleted]
This idea of stealth tax makes me laugh.
Just drive within the limit and you won’t get ‘taxed’.
Yes.
We do it in the UK too.
1 flash high beams for thanks or give way, 2 for speed trap and 3 for hazard.
And speed trapshave shown not to reduce accidents.
The people going the speeds that het people killed just do it where they know the speed traps aren't.
The traps actually increase accidents because everyone stares at their gayge instead of watching the road, as most drivers are so shit they never develop a feel for the size and handling of their car.
Middle class women in 4x4 without a spec of dust are prime example.
Dude.
Sarcasm.
Lol this shit has been happening since the last Labour government.
Just like in the US the effects didn't come into view until the next party is in power.
While system needs scrapping and rebuilding.
Hell I'd be up for a coup at this point.
Hahahaha no.
Hitting a parked car means distracted or drunk.
These alone account for 55-60% of deaths on North American roads, with speed at 20-25%, 50-60% of that being drunk or distracted and speeding, 50% being the driver the only dead with speed-related, and a high proportion being motorcycles.
Speed alone doesn’t cause accidents, it’s distractions and alcohol.
Not nearly as much as drunk driving and distracted driving would, which hitting unmoving objects strongly indicates.
Hitting parked vehicles strongly indicates drunk or distracted driving.
These account for twice as many deaths alone, and if you remove all other causes from speed-related to keep the ones where speed was the only factor, five times as much.
Then also remove the 50% of drivers who die alone, without anyone else dying, and you’re up to ten times less likely to be involved in a speed only accident than a drunk or distracted driving related one.
That’s still higher than deaths caused by burglary.
Possibly, I thought you used burglary as a word for the car getting hit, since that was more what op was talking about.
Also, people don’t die from burglaries in the UK?
&gt;taking a piss

Taking *the* piss.
The thing is, whilst burglary is bad and invasive, people speeding constitutes a way higher risk of killing the people involved.
Sorry, totally missed that.
Very very rarely.
We don't have guns, remember.
Very very occasionally, but the number of people getting killed by cars as a direct result of speed is orders of magnitudes higher.
Police stopping speeding cars is a far more effective use of resources than responding to burgled houses.
&gt;IMO it's immoral to prosecute someone for driving at 50MPH on a wide, empty, straight 30MPH road with no hazards at 1AM, and anyone who supports that is a disgusting authoritarian or a snivelling bootlick.
You say that but I used to live on a road that people sped on and watched 3 people die (and saw the wreckage of god knows how many accidents).
Give people an inch and they will take a foot.
Your entire argument assumes drivers are reasonable, responsible adults with a TINY minority being reckless/careless to the point you write it off.
The reality is there are an awful lot of cunts.
In fact to add to that my friends partners friend was killed 2 or so years ago while crossing the street at midnight in a 30mph street by a guy driving over 70 and the cunt pleaded not guilty.
He said she "jumped out in front of him" which is stupid because she was at the back of a 4 girl group.
Basically 99.99% of the time you should drive the fucking speed limit.
The "I can handle it" argument doesn't work because EVEN IF it is true for YOU some cunt will treat it as true for them and kill someone.
Boo hoo a small minority of good drivers who are capable of safely breaking the limits are very very slightly inconvenienced (literally a minute or two here and there) to reduce speeding and save lives.
How selfish are you?
You think it is bad now?
See what the cunts would do if there were literally no controls.
It is also why I am against speed cameras needing to be signposted and why all sat navs with speed camera warnings should be illegal.
They are there to detect crime and reduce deaths.
You should be scared of tickets every time you speed because speeding is a crime, and it is a crime for a reason.
I’m in Australia - and once got a call from the police saying that my car had been stolen, and maybe I should check it out.
My response was “I feel like we have this back to front”.
Someone had reported my car stolen and abandoned in their building and they wanted me to go and get it.
Turns out, the address was my address and it hadn’t been stolen.
I really needed a better car then.
I dunno where your anecdote about burglaries is coming from - but my student house was burgled back when I was at Uni and the police were there when we got back from our evening out :P Neighbours had called them because of the noise of the burglar smashing our front door in...
Definitely wouldn't want to make that mistake.
I'm not arguing for getting rid of speed limits and I'm not against the police doing people for driving dangerously fast, I'm not really against manned roadside cameras either but think that discretion should be used.
What I really don't like is the authoritarian notion that it's fine and just to punish people for driving safely but a little over an arbitrary speed limit.
Also that other than average speed checks, roadside cameras actually do anything other than put another fucking boot on your face and coin in the coffers.
Yet we're supposed to bend over and take it because some people drive like absolute cunts *and also speed*.
The problem is aggressive, reckless driving.
An active break-in will be higher priority than a burglary that has already happened because the chance of catching someone is much higher.
If the asswipe who broke in made it out without leaving evidence, there's not much the police can do about it other than look out for the stolen items and watch for patterns.
Unlikely to have THAT much of an impact in changing the way the police work, that also doesn't help anyone until the next GE/Labour win and decide to fix whatever problems they can find.
I mean...
There's a reasonable force clause so horribly maiming somebody who asks for directions is probably not quite what you want.
Actually, the number of police officers in the UK saw a steady rise during the last Labour government.
Since 2010, with Cameron as PM and May as Home Secretary and then PM, police budgets have been cut and police numbers have decreased year on year.
It doesn't take a huge amount of time to see the effects of cutting budgets and reducing recruitment, but even if it did, 8 years is plenty of time to see the detrimental effect of austerity policy.
Speeding kills significantly more innocent people than burglaries.
Also it's much more difficult to catch a burglar than a speeder.
You need a much bigger team and many more hours worked to catch the same proportion of people.
Police will not give details about one road user to another road user, not without a court order.
Furthermore - and I say this with due respect to OP - police will routinely tell people 'this is a civil matter' because they can't be arsed/don't have the resources (what's the difference?)
to investigate, arrest and charge.
Source: lawyer often consulted by people who tell me that's what the police have said, when there is clearly prima facie evidence of an offence.
Particularly true of Protection from Harassment Act.
There's also something called 'duty of retreat', so before lamping someone you should back off a step and say I don't want any trouble, or some such thing.
This gives you a nice little back up to the self defense aspect.
If they continue to push it, your quite within your rights to put them on their arse.
Thank you!
:)
lol, darnit.
NOTED!
;) Thank you :)
You also don’t have a duty to retreat to still claim and be perfectly valid that you acted in self defence.
But any effort to retreat where it is an option will strengthen your argument.
Edit: in the U.K.
&gt; Turns out that you can totally hit a dude if you have genuine reason to worry for your safety

That's the law, yeah, but not everyone is confident with trusting the police to faithfully follow the law, these days.
Also, even the law is pretty ridiculous in some areas.
For example, it seems like if someone literally parks their car in your driveway (or across it), you have no personal realistic recourse, and it's not a police issue, so they can't do anything.
If someone's across your driveway, that person may be impacting your life in a significant and irrevocable manner (think losing your job, etc), and if they're in your driveway then they're trespassing, and yet the suggested course of action is akin to taking them to civil court.
So yeah, believing you're in trouble for actually taking some kind of action to defend yourself isn't far-fetched.
Good advice.
We had some trouble years ago during which myself and a mate got punched.
Although the other guy was definitely the aggressor, I was stepping backwards when I got hit so there was no question of who was attacking who, but my friend was stepping forwards when he got hit (definitepy not to punch, just to restrain him I think) and the other guy claimed that because of that the second punch was in self defense.
He still got jail time, but it gave him a basis for defence in court.
Its fucking true mate.
We have very much lethal collisions with deer in minnesota on country roads at those speeds.
99% of the time you're safe, then all of a sudden there's a deer in front of you.
Speeding can make this much MUCH worse.
20 over the speed limit is a lot.
&amp;#x200B;

Things like how much visibility blind intersections have to be marked to notify drivers and similar things can drastrically change between 30 and 50 mph.
I can see 5 or maybe 10 over, but 20 is a lot and it's really hard to justify that a road is safe at 180% of the marked speed.
Not every country has these problems maybe, but we definitely have these in the US.
We automated all the speed ticket writing to speed cameras.
Speed cameras are equally as effective and don't require an officer, squad car, etc.
In New Zealand, police officers were found to be ignoring / avioding emergency call outs to instead focus on ticketing people.
An effective police force provides reassurance to people in the community - being there when they need them after something traumatic like a burlary.
Not in NZ &amp; Australia.
Camera's are Speed cameras are equally as effective and don't require an officer, squad car, etc.
In New Zealand, police officers were found to be ignoring / avioding emergency call outs to instead focus on ticketing people.
A burglery is extremely traumatic for a most people.
It's comforting to have the police show up and provide reassurance.
Speed cameras are equally as effective and don't require an officer, squad car, etc.
to be hidden in the bushes for most of the day.
Car saftey has also increased dramatically; I wouldn't attribute the road toll coming down to more tickets.
In fact there have been times when the opposite is true.
Thanks - 18 years of driving and I have never had a speeding ticket.
You hit the nail on the head - speed cameras are equally as effective.
18 years of driving and I've never had a ticket.
Speed cameras can be just as effective, and don't tie up police resources.
NZ &amp; Australian police spend a fair chunk of time hidden in bushes with radar guns.
Which can be done through cameras.
If cameras were hidden and not signposted, and moved sometimes then they would do their job.
It is a classic case of having a good solution and the messing it up with bureaucracy.
Like I said you legislate around the lowest common denominator.
If 70% of people are safe at 50, but the remaining 30% are not and cause accidents, then the limit needs to be lower than 50.
You can't have one rule for some and a different rule for another.
Enforcing the idea speeding is safe and "we all do it" just encourages those 30% to speed and cause accidents.
Basically why do you think you getting places literally seconds faster in most cases is worth the odd death?
That is just selfish.
Increasing the limits or not enforcing the limits both lead to more deaths.
That is literally a statistical fact.
But the speed isn't the cause of the death, the speed is a component of dangerous driving.
In an ideal world we'd be doing more people for driving dangerously, ideally permanently removing their license if they're persistently putting people's lives in danger.
I don't really have that much of an issue with it being an unfortunate side effect that safe, modest speeders are caught in a net meant to catch dangerous drivers.
What I take issue with is the "all men are Socretes" logic that all speeding is wrong because some speeders are dangerous drivers, and by extension everyone who breaks the law is a bad person.
Fuck that ignorant noise.
I drive safely, I've never been in or caused an accident, I pride myself on having a driving style that is polite, smooth and predictable, I aim to reduce the tensions and punish aggressions that cause accidents.
If there's room in front and the guy behind me isn't too close and it's safe to do so, then I'll go modestly faster than the limit for the benefit of everyone on the road.
What if they didn't say please?
Why do the police do such a crappy job when it comes to arresting Isis supporters and stopping pedophile rings but go after innocent tommy instead?
Tommy Robinson was guilty of contempt of court, that's nobodies fault but his own.
You tend to find that criminals and gangs who are prevented from committing any acts go unreported by the press because nobody gets to hear about bad things that haven't happened.
As a result, people like yourself allow yourselves to be convinced by people like Robinson that the police ignore "real crime" and just hate Britain.
If that were the case, why would they give their blood and lives to combat the bastards that try to kill our own?
I don’t know why you got these downvotes but back to the question, when something does happen such as van driving over pedestrians in London you hear on tv “such and such was known to security services” then if he was known why couldn’t they arrest him before he went on jihad?
Why do they wait for them to kill someone.
He literally filmed himself breaking a law (filming it was the crime in itself) he had already been warned for breaking once.
He risked causing a mistrial and costing the taxpayer thousands of pounds in costs for a new case.
What's more, he plead guilty and never even attempted to claim his innocence in court because, to give him some credit, he is not a *complete* moron, unlike most of his followers.
I disagree more and more people I know are getting red pilled by him.
He’s books are work of art and because of people like him Germans now are mass marching.
Normal middle class law abiding citizens having enough of this Muslim jihad takeover.
And I’m sure if it was a white guy that raped them girls filming would of been allowed since it fits the media’s narrative.
What narrative exactly?
Muslim gangs grooming girls- media quiet 
Refugees rape a girl in Germany - media quiet 
Whites getting slaughter is SA - media quiet 
Middle class law abiding citizens marching against refugees that stabbed a old person in Germany - far right nazis.
Your are either a liberal that wants to get fucked by the refugees or you preserve your way of life and your children’s and get labelled a Nazi.
That’s the narrative imagine if a white guy ran over the people in a van in London we would still be hearing about that in the news😂.
[wew lad](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-42778184)
https://www.skynews.com.au/details/_5829760410001.
https://twitter.com/stanm3/status/1035684798575124481?s=21

And here the video of the so called “far right nazi”.
Apparently the security services have said that they only have the capacity to monitor 3000 suspected jihadists, but they need to be monitoring 23,000. 

https://youtu.be/MlAw7qYLk5w?t=738.
Just goes to show why are 23,000 jihadist doing in a Christian country?
This is why England is becoming a third world shithole.
Because there simply aren't enough officers to conduct 24/7 surveillance on the far greater number of Muslims on terror watch lists.
I agree that Tommy was found guilty under the law, however thats not the issue here.
Authoritarian governments don't (usually) just lock people up without reason.
Instead they create unjust laws so that they can claim that the individual broke the law, thereby getting the public on their side.
Tommy was found guilty under this unjust law, and to add insult to injury, other media outlets reported the exact same info he did, before he did and none of them got arrested either.
That combined with his experience in prison proves that tommy is a target for the UK government.
Maybe you should listen to Tommy Robinson.
You don't have to agree with his point of view, but listen to him and make up your own mind instead of repeating the same buzzwords all the brainwashed leftists are using.
Especially Listen to his stories of inside the jail, and how he was treated.
Guilty of reporting on muslim rape gangs you fucking bootlicker.
Where's the evidence?

Nice to know that you support the attempted homicide of a political dissident by the state.
And, look into precedent on this case you utter piece of shit.
There's a reason he's not locked to right now.
God damn you make me sick.
Because the police haven't been given the power to arrest someone before they've committed a crime.
God damn dude go back to the donald.
In NO WAY is England becoming a third world shithole.
Have you ever actually been to the uk?
Thank you for you useless comment, I live in London FYI👍 I stand by my comment of third world shithole.
Ok so you’re just a racist then.
Nice!
Cos I live in London and have no clue what the fuck you’re talking about.
Good for you because I have no clue what your talking about either.
Have you ever fired your gun up in the air and gone "ahhrgh"?
Is it true that there is a place in a man's head that, if you shoot it, it will blow up?
What made you wanna be a policeman-officer?
Sorry, I had to.
I don't think he *has* a gun.
Such inconsistencies should never stop a person on Reddit quoting Hot Fuzz in an AMA with a police officer.
I could try it with my Taser but it wouldn't be as exciting I don't think.
He did catch the swan though...
Wait, if you fired a taser straight in the air, wouldn’t it come back down and land on you?
I think the same applies to bullets, just takes a bit longer.
True, true.
And arrows.
It would shower you with confetti!
When a taser is fired it also shoots out lots of little bits of paper called aphids which gives every cartridge a unique identifier.
Party gun!
What do you think of the Spy Cops scandal?
For non-UK people, it has emerged that undercover police officers started relationships and families with activists, passed on details of trade unionists to construction companies to ensure they were blacklisted, and actively sabotaged striking workers especially in the 70s/80s.
I think it was unacceptable, however I think if you're deeply embedded it must be easier to get involved and attached to people.
That's where the appropriate measures should have been in place to prevent it happening, so I think it's a system failing rather than a failing of individual officers.
American here.
Any good documentaries about this?
That sounds fascinating.
I believe there's some stuff on YouTube.
It's been a slow saga going for 30+ years now so tons of stuff on it.
Thank you, I will check it out!
This is the first I'd ever heard of it.
There’s a bbc drama called “undercover” about this.
Drama, not documentary.
I’m American also but I’m obsessed with all things UK.
There's a few books about it on Amazon.
Some friends of mine are anarcho-punks in Ireland, which largely involves living in squats, drinking cider and ranting about capitalism.
One of their mates from the UK that they knew for five or six years turned out to be an undercover polis.
So fucking weird.
But individual officers still did unacceptable things.
Every day, all day and into the future that shit will always happen with the police.
That doesn't make it acceptable.
Preaching to the quire, I hate the cops 

Edit: I know it’s choir to all you folks who think I’m an idiot.
&gt;	quire.
....when the church finally accepts homosexuality.
&amp;#x200B;
There was an attempt.
Yeah I got to know one of the undercover guys in my city; he was in a relationship with someone I knew and drove me and others to protest sites.
When we all found out he was undercover it was a huge shock.
The guy was a massive creep; I was 16 and he must have been in his late 30's/early 40's and kept offering me driving lessons and massages.
Fucking cunt.
Have to disagree; as just posted I knew one of them when I was just 16.
He was seriously sexually creepy.
That's a scandal, He'll here in the US some of our PD's are in charge of the illegal gun trade and no one bats an eye when you mention it.
With spelling like that I'm just going to go ahead and assume you've had plenty of run-ins with the cops too.
&gt; if you're deeply embedded it must be easier to get involved and attached to people.
That wasn't the problem lol

The problem was cops deceiving the public into becoming involved and attached to them in order to improve their cover.
Autocorrect on mobile gets you hella downvotes these days I see.
Glad to know that must mean I run into the cops all the time.
Never been in trouble, but the fuck the police anyway.
It's dumb people who lie (no way autocorrect did that) that tend to get in trouble with cops.
You fit both criteria.
You ever try and type on a tablet?
Half the time I spend editing my comments.
Although what they did was bad enough, I doubt whether any of the police officers cold-bloodedly entered into relationships with women for whom they had absolutely no feelings whatsoever.
Whatever they told their wives back home.
I’m from Manchester, and the events of the Arena attack last year shook me to the core.
But the very next day I was in the city centre and the police presence made me feel safe and secure.
I read in one of your earlier comments that you were on the streets the next day, so thank you.
Thank you so much for making me feel safe in the city I love.
Because of that event, and now that I’ve finished my degree, I’m considering applying to become a constable, however one of the main things holding me back is shift patterns and free times.
So my question for you, how is an average week shift patterns wise?
Do you find you have enough spare time to spend with family and also on yourself?
Again, thank you for everything you do, and especially thank you for your actions last year.
It was such a weird time.
I was so emotional from it but when I went into town it was like nothing had happened.
People really were just getting on with their lives and not letting what that cunt did stop them.
I cried so much the day after; a mix of sadness and pride to be in a city that came together when one of the worst things happened.
I tear up every time I hear One Last Time.
🐝.
Was the same the day after the riots.
I was working in the arndale and we had to leg it when they smashed the doors in.
Next day, everyone was back in as normal, and loads brought brushes and got on with cleaning up.
Town is ace.
With you mentioning both shifts and the Manchester attack, a large number of armed officers guy their levee cancelled so that they could be put on the streets, so shifts can vary a lot at the last minute if there but event, regardless of what you had planned.
I remember being so determined to head into town the day after the attack and to not let it scare me off.
It was actually really wholesome to see so many do the same and I wholeheartedly agree with you that the police presence really helped, even after several scares that day.
I remember people running from the arndale but afterwards everyone carried on and looked out for each other.
Much love in Manchester!
[deleted]
Going off topic a bit but I remember a few years ago when there were terror bombs donated on underground and bus in London.
I had to go through London for work and if course LU was all stopped.
My strongest memory was getting off train and joining a huge mob of people all streaming out of the stations and waking across Central London to offices etc.
It was a small thing but a show of strength and not allowing the previous days horrors to stop life.
[deleted]
I remeber the day after nobody on our college bus could speak, because we still hadn't heard from two of our friends.
Just a horrifying time.
I'm not GMP but a lot of forces for a 6 on 4 off shift pattern.
It's force dependent but it usually looks something like this:

2 lots of earlies starting around 6/7am finishing 4/5pm.
The 2 lates/afternoons starting at about 2/3pm finishing around midnight.
Then 2 night shifts which is 9/10pm until 6/7am

Then four days off.
Some forces where the shifts are 9hrs rather than 10 will have slightly longer shifts on some days.
For example my days are 7am until 4pm and lates are 3pm until midnight.
To make the hours work on Friday and Saturday our days and afternoon shifts are longer.
A day shift is 7am to 5pm and my afternoons are 4pm to 3am.
In terms of social life it's harder I won't lie.
I'm often off work when my friends are working and vis versa, I normally just send them a screen shot of my shifts for the month and we try and plan around everyone's hours.
Also you can have days off cancelled for big events or times they know we're going to be busy.
For example, I've already had my day off on New Year's Eve cancelled so I can work night time economy (standing in town at all the bars and clubs dealing with drunks).
I'm also working Christmas and I just worked the most recent bank holiday.
Finally making plans after work is a risky game, you could be extended or just get stuck on something and that ruins everything.
That being said, I get four days off.
It's really 3 since you lose at least half a day to sleeping after your last night shift and you spend the rest of your day a bit like a zombie.
I get a lot done in my days off and I still see my friends and family, after day shifts since you finish at regular human time, you can also do stuff before nights as long as you've left some time to sleep before work.
My first day of nights is normally the problem, because you theoretically slept at night after the late shift (unless you finish at 3am) so I'll wake up in the morning and try and force myself to sleep for a few hours around 3/4pm.
I still do a lot of the stuff I did before joining it's just I can't always be there for every event.
The only shift that gives me any grief is afternoons because of the awkward start time you don't get a chance to do much.
TLDR:  shifts - 6 on 4 off.
Spending time with friends, family and on you is doable just takes more effort than non-shift jobs.
Have you considered going the route of SC?
Voluntary, but could be a way of "giving back" while having other commitments.
[removed]
Well aren't you a grumpy criminal.
Nice try bootlicker.
ACAB.
Nice try bootlicker.
ACAB.
What?
Stop brown nosing authority figures.
I mean I'm sorry but I don't speak "I'm going to disrespect someone for doing a job when I probably don't have one myself and as soon as I need the police I'll go running to them with my tail between my legs"
Nope.
Project harder please.
Nobody needs police.
Police are unnecessary, like your liberalism.
Both serve a sinister purpose.
Pigs kill Indians like me and liberalism is our genocide.
Our survival depends on the death of the tools and means of western imperialism.
ACAB.
All pigs are scum.
Disrespect is not enough for a tool of state violence.
Their violence will be opposed by any means necessary.
The state will be destroyed as will the liberalism necessary to uphold it.
You lacking any semblance of critical faculties is not my burden.
K.
Recent post history of remove_zedong "I don't have a job.
I'm a leech."
I refer back to my above statement.
You're the scum here my friend =).
How is that relevant?
What is the logical connection?
Why do you worship capitalism and violence, pig?
PSA: this piece of shit is fine with slavery.
Children living in abuse or neglectful situations.
People bleeding to death following a car crash.
Vulnerable people having their meagre possessions stolen by opportunistic thieves.
Who is there to protect these people if not the police?
Do a bit more research into the day to day life of a police officer before you jump on the silly ACAB bandwagon.

Summary: 
this is what I found.
Thank you, I will check it out!
I don't think he *has* a gun.
I was surprised myself to be honest!
I really needed a better car then.
That being said, I get four days off.
I refer back to my above statement.
Who is there to protect these people if not the police?
I think I read that study.
I couldn't say, not knowing the details.
Dying people are going to die.
Unfortunately I have heard this in reality!
20 over the speed limit is a lot.
Get off the road, granny.
Thanks - 18 years of driving and I have never had a speeding ticket.
It was such a weird time.
I disagree more and more people I know are getting red pilled by him.
Good for you because I have no clue what your talking about either.
I thought it was like less than 5% or something.
I believe there's some stuff on YouTube.
Speed cameras can be just as effective, and don't tie up police resources.
Police are unnecessary, like your liberalism.
Half the time I spend editing my comments.
I had to go through London for work and if course LU was all stopped.
Speeding kills significantly more innocent people than burglaries.
It was in the north.
Curbing speeding does save lives.
It's mostly about how fast you get there.
Basically 99.99% of the time you should drive the fucking speed limit.
People really were just getting on with their lives and not letting what that cunt did stop them.
Speeding can make this much MUCH worse.
You think it is bad now?
Also, people don’t die from burglaries in the UK?
I still love how Australians bond together against speed cameras.
It's not as clear-cut as that.
Autocorrect on mobile gets you hella downvotes these days I see.
Give people an inch and they will take a foot.
If you have been trained to do them, you should do them.
Glad to know that must mean I run into the cops all the time.
Thank you so much for making me feel safe in the city I love.
Never been in trouble, but the fuck the police anyway.
I tear up every time I hear One Last Time.
Every now and then I think about it and wonder if there was anything I could have done.
I don't know why you're being downvoted, you're completely right.
to be hidden in the bushes for most of the day.
Tough job made tougher these days I believe.
I was so emotional from it but when I went into town it was like nothing had happened.
I was working in the arndale and we had to leg it when they smashed the doors in.
OP isn’t saying that they’re speeding and getting tickets.
I think the same applies to bullets, just takes a bit longer.
I could try it with my Taser but it wouldn't be as exciting I don't think.
I read in one of your earlier comments that you were on the streets the next day, so thank you.
I know here you'd probably not even be able to get someone to go to the house.
We automated all the speed ticket writing to speed cameras.
The people going the speeds that het people killed just do it where they know the speed traps aren't.
Have to disagree; as just posted I knew one of them when I was just 16.
I’m in Australia - and once got a call from the police saying that my car had been stolen, and maybe I should check it out.
It all depends on how you look at it really.
How do you feel about people fighting back because they know the police won't come?
Tax is unavoidable, speeding tickets aren’t.
Recent post history of remove_zedong "I don't have a job.
I just redid my yearly CPR for work and we’re always taught to do breaths.
I mean, most of the stolen cars are on fire in your area anyway, right?
Speed cameras are equally as effective and don't require an officer, squad car, etc.
The problem is aggressive, reckless driving.
Yet we're supposed to bend over and take it because some people drive like absolute cunts *and also speed*.
You hit the nail on the head - speed cameras are equally as effective.
But plenty waiting to write speeding tickets.
Was the same the day after the riots.
But the speed isn't the cause of the death, the speed is a component of dangerous driving.
He was a really nice guy too.
We do it in the UK too.
People bleeding to death following a car crash.
Also you can have days off cancelled for big events or times they know we're going to be busy.
The thing is..people shit themselves when they die.
18 years of driving and I've never had a ticket.
The reason why speeding gets so much attention is because it's really easy to detect and enforce.
What country are you in?
I didn't know how long the cat's been there in that situation and whether or not CPR would have helped at all.
The idea is that time taken to stop compressing and give breaths is too long with only one person.
More lives to be saved by reducing speeding than by responding to a burglary that is already over I guess.
Every day, all day and into the future that shit will always happen with the police.
Does it work with trauma like this?
Just immobile and not breathing.
You should be scared of tickets every time you speed because speeding is a crime, and it is a crime for a reason.
I remember people running from the arndale but afterwards everyone carried on and looked out for each other.
They did on the level 3 course I took last year.
What I really don't like is the authoritarian notion that it's fine and just to punish people for driving safely but a little over an arbitrary speed limit.
I had to renew my license less than a month ago and we were taught breaths.
The police didn't show up till the next day and have seemed to do nothing.
Like I said you legislate around the lowest common denominator.
