Original Response: 
Here's a question for someone more informed than myself - how often is other shipping traffic in the area reviewed/assessed for environmental impact?
[Oil/LNG tankers make up about 20% of the global merchant fleet](https://www.statista.com/statistics/264024/number-of-merchant-ships-worldwide-by-type/) one has to assume that traffic in and out of the ports on the west coast are similar in composition.
Are the cargo/container/etc ships also assessed for their ever-increasing traffic and it's impacts, or is this simply a conveniant hurdle being thrown in front of a controversial pipeline?
I think the assumption (which could be wrong) is that if a container ship leaks an entire load of wheat, or cargo, or coal -- it will all just sink and there won't be much environmental damage.
That said, there are probably many shipments of chemicals and other toxic stuff which do have to follow environmental regulations.
I'm not sure what a review of the increase in shipping of Oil/LNG would show -- other than the obvious: more ships means more chances of an accident.
But there could be an accident even if the shipping decreased.
The probability doesn't change.
And the shipping has been increasing, even without the expanded pipeline -- because it's coming in by rail.
Spills are the big concern yes - but one of the specific concerns cited was the additional noise/disturbance that scares pods of orcas and other marine life out of the area, and this applies to other large ships too.
I don't think there are many similar projects happening in Canada, so it'd be difficult to say what the "typical" procedure involves.
However my understanding of the situation is this:

The job of the NEB is to weigh a variety of pros and cons in making their final decision.
They did hold various hearings relating to increased tanker traffic, and concluded that it'd be environmentally harmful and detrimental to the local indigenous population to go forward.
Their report concluded:

&gt;the operation of Project-related marine vessels is likely to result in significant adverse effects to the Southern resident killer whale.
and

&gt;the increase in marine vessel traffic associated with the Project is likely to result in significant adverse effects on the traditional Aboriginal use associated with the Southern resident killer whale.
After drawing this conclusion, they made a choice to exclude all marine traffic considerations from the process of weighing environmental pros vs cons, by defining marine vessel traffic to be outside the scope of their assessment.
Their justification for doing so was that the NEB:

&gt;does not have regulatory oversight of marine vessel traffic

However, this is equally true of a number of other factors that they regularly consider in environmental impact assessments.
(E.g.
for the energy east project, they were going to consider upstream/downstream GHG emissions).
That doesn't really answer my question though.
We've determined increasing marine traffic negatively impacts local wildlife.
The courts have insisted the NEB has to consider that in their review.
The question is simple - are other sources of marine traffic also being forced to quantify/mitigate the impact their traffic has on wildlife, or is this a standard only the oil industry is beholden to?
Can anything be done about the noise and its effect on marine life?
Can the noise be reduced or muffled?
Can the effects be reduced?
Or do we simply not allow any further increase in shipping (or anything)?
Yes, apparently only the O&amp;G sector is bad for the environment.
Lets not concern ourselves with the ridiculous consumption that we maintain which is the leading factor of habitat loss worldwide.
Oil floats, clean up is easy.
Bitumen dosen't float and it not easy to clean up   nice try berta.
I don't know the answer to these questions, but they are all good ones I'm assuming will be part of NEB's review of TM in an attempt to get it through.
https://www.straight.com/news/1032046/blair-king-dilbit-oil-spill-response-and-political-gamesmanship

Nice try Horgan.
If your question is along the lines of "Does the oil and gas industry receive special treatment from the NEB?"
the answer, imo, is yes.
They received special treatment from the NEB in the form of an environmental review that was artificially narrow in scope, and which was contrary to existing legislation.
I know that this is probably not a satisfying answer, and that what you would like to see a comparison with other NEB environmental assessments for projects in other industries where marine vessel traffic might also be a concern.
The problem is that these projects, under the legislation that governed the NEB at the time, don't exist afaik.
The previous government rewrote a lot of the legislation around the NEB and environmental review process just before the Transmountain pipeline review began, and the Trudeau government changed it again when they got elected.
We're talking about a window of 3-4 years to look for similar projects and make comparisons, I just don't think there are any out there.
The NEB doesn’t give O and G special treatment it’s the only thing they over see.
No other industry is held to the same standards.
The NEB deals with all things energy.
This includes things like hydro projects, such as the site C dam in BC.
I think it'd be a tough argument to claim that the site C project got an easy ride relative to the transmountain pipeline project.
Rubbish.
They don’t even deal with pipelines if they do not cross provincial boundaries.
I can’t find any reference to NEB and site C, not saying it doesn’t exist but google isn’t showing me.
We're cooperating with WA to enforce a speed restriction in the straits.
Here is the joint review panel report for the Site C project:

https://apps.neb-one.gc.ca/REGDOCS/File/Download/2477601.
I don't think ship manufacturers are going to be putting submarine technology onto their ships any time soon.
So the project wasn’t built under their authority as a regulator?
Looks like it was just a panel that made recommendations?.
Congrats.
It's floats in a giant tub that's meant to simulate the real ocean, while being totally unlike the real ocean.
Regardless, if the company fucked up the clean up it will separate and we are totally fucked.
Google Kalamazoo and ask yourself if that's something Canada wants to deal with.
There is no other source of marine traffic that will compare to bitumen transport , so the answer is no.
5 tankers go through those waters now and that number will increase to 34 when the pipeline is operating.
So no container ships or cargo ships dock on the west coat?
No cruise liners, chemical ships, navy ships?
You can't start your comment with such obviously false statements and expect me to take you seriously.
The NEB has been operating as an advisory body since Harper's legislative changes.
I think these changes were made in 2011 or 2012, not sure.
Any oil would have done the same thing in Kalamazoo.
[Funny enough, Blair King did another article about dilbit back in 2016.
](https://achemistinlangley.net/2016/08/22/a-laymans-guide-to-the-behaviour-of-diluted-bitumen-in-a-marine-spill/)  That gets more into it.
The article is in response to this farcical myth that dilbit is some new problem or represents an additional risk for damage or complicates cleanup.
Not that it's ideal or anything, but it's not inherently worse.
It's just another heavy crude, same shit shipped daily all over the world, including the BC coast, for decades.
This isn't some experiment.
The nice thing here is that you don't just have to take my word for it.
That's a PhD Chemist with 18 years experience, specifically dealing with this shit.
https://vancouversun.com/news/local-news/a-bump-in-petroleum-imports-helps-fuel-port-of-vancouver-cargo-record

Oil &amp; gas traffic in the port is reaching record highs, most of it being imports because of BC's increasing consumption, which the current pipeline can't meet.
Not for pipeline.
If a pipeline crosses provincial boundaries they are the regulator.
They are tough too.
Night and day building something provincially regulated vs NEB.
Last I check the navy, cruise ships or chemical cargo ships were not transporting 2 million barrels of dillbit.
Let's try and stay on topic.
So your position is that ships not carrying dilbit produce zero noise or disturbance of water?
Lets try and stay in reality, before we worry about staying on topic.
Ok fine, where is the rest of the 9-fold increase in tankers going then?
It's sure not being consumed in BC.
What I mean is that after Harper's changes in 2012, the NEB decisions were no longer binding, all decisions required final approval of the governor in council (this is what I mean by having an "advisory" role).
I am not sure if this is still the case after Trudeau's changes.
When a container ship spills its cargo, it doesnt result in everything around the spill site dying or getting cancer.
Also, the oil ports in Vancouver aren't built to send out deep water freighters.
Unlike all of the other ports.
They ship fuel up and down the coast.
The expansion of those ports was part of this project.
Kinder Morgan  knew of the risk and pushed hard to get the port done before the lack of environmental safety caught up to them.
They also broke the law and were working on expanding the dock repeatedly while they did not have the legal authority to do so.
[removed]
&gt; There is no other source of marine traffic that will compare to bitumen transport

That was my position.
Tankers are literally the largest ships in the world.
There is no doubt more dangerous cargo, but there is no ship out there that carries as much and as dangerous cargo as a oil tanker does though.
The Port currently ships 6.3 MT of petroleum products a year out of a total 142 MT.
We're going to increase that seven times over and you are saying that the existing traffic is the problem?
That's a 44.1 MT increase in the largest and most dangerous ships.
That's the reality.
[removed]
Which is of course a joke since we are talking about 30-40 more tankers amongst a couple thousand.
Bitumen doesn’t make the ships louder than any other ship.
Lol.
Yes, 5 o&amp;g tankers + a couple thousand other ships vs 34 o&amp;g tankers + a couple thousand other ships.
It’s a drop in the bucket to try to “save” &lt;100 whales that will not survive with or without the pipeline.
How is 5 to 34 a 9 fold increase?
Do you mean 7?
That's for export.
But I'm saying that even without a new pipeline, traffic is increasing.
The new pipeline would only see an increase of 14% in marine traffic.
At the moment I think there was an event of whale deaths off one of the coasts a year or two back (in super foggy on the details) I believe on of the the actions that the gov took was they put a low speed limit on tanker traffic in the area to reduce risks of collisions n shit.
I believe the shipping companies did not like it as it took a chunk out of their profits.
Could maybe do something like that.
The oil industry is not even beholden to it.
Only the oil from this pipeline.
Vancouver Port just announced record tanker traffic importing fuels from Washington State.
2^9 is way more than 34.

Summary: 
They ship fuel up and down the coast.
Only the oil from this pipeline.
The NEB deals with all things energy.
Tankers are literally the largest ships in the world.
The expansion of those ports was part of this project.
The oil industry is not even beholden to it.
Unlike all of the other ports.
The new pipeline would only see an increase of 14% in marine traffic.
That's a 44.1 MT increase in the largest and most dangerous ships.
Bitumen doesn’t make the ships louder than any other ship.
Or do we simply not allow any further increase in shipping (or anything)?
The courts have insisted the NEB has to consider that in their review.
](https://achemistinlangley.net/2016/08/22/a-laymans-guide-to-the-behaviour-of-diluted-bitumen-in-a-marine-spill/)  That gets more into it.
But I'm saying that even without a new pipeline, traffic is increasing.
But there could be an accident even if the shipping decreased.
5 tankers go through those waters now and that number will increase to 34 when the pipeline is operating.
Oil floats, clean up is easy.
