Original Response: 
Holy hell.
Rematch so we can get some more of this.
I found her fb profile but the water seems poisonous.
Gonna have to pass.
Haha probably for the best.
[removed]
Lol.
What does she look like??
I'm trying to put a face to this kind of crazy.
She's actually very pretty.
Dang, I was picturing some average homebody.
Same!
I mean, at least 10 dudes boned her recently    She has to be decent for any of them to handle this crazy long enough.
[deleted]
Sounds like they handled it just long enough to get some and get the hell out of there.
of course...the prettier the CRAZIER.
They are in direct relation to one another.
Yeah, I've talked to weirdos like her.
I luvya, redditor, but I'm *really* glad it was you not me!
You handled her really fairly, though.
Not at all.
Plenty of great normal women out there who look damn good.
Problem is, most of those people end up in relationships where they're happy and healthy and all that.
The question, to some extent, is why good looking woman with a stable personality is on Tinder.
She'll have no problem getting all the sex she needs anyway, and plenty of men would stick around with a lovely girl.
She's either gonna be picky as hell, very new, or something seriously wrong with her to make men run away.
So the pretty ones on Tinder may be crazier, but not in the general population.
This is sexist and dated rhetoric.
That's why she has gotten away with it 10+ times...
I just feel sorry for the dudes who stuck their dick in that crazy...
Yeah, the crazy to hot ratio has to be pretty high...
But she basically keeps admitting it's off during the "flirting" so I don't know how it got that far really - also no profile pic so ?
??
?
Thank you.
How do you know SHE is "stable" ?
Curious here.
Huh?
Some of us like to live on the edge.
It’s crazy how she can’t see why men bang her and then leave.
They obviously feel entitled to smash because they had to put up with so much crazy.
Nailed it.
This is untrue.
The hotter (and, by extension, the more confident) the better lay would be more accurate but even that's not always the case.
My girl is hot as fuck and she's not near as crazy as women I've been with who were half as pretty.
Tru.
I mean, she viewed OP having to work for fifteen minutes as vanishing, so I doubt these guys really did abandon her as soon as they were done having sex.
They probably had to go to work or get some food or something, and then found a crazy wall-of-text on their phones once they were done.
They’re talking about hypothetical women on tinder when they say she, not any particular one.
You sound like her.
One of the prettiest girls I know actually scares the shit out of me.
Same sort of weird disassociated walls of texts.
I love the random pedophilia bit at the end of the first one.
Might as well throw in "don't smoke crack, kids".
The only person I knew irl who ever mentioned pedophilia in a random manner in conversation was arrested for being a pedophile.
[deleted]
Like all those people that complain that Frozen was promoting bestiality.
"... don't you think you're thinking a little bit too much about bestiality?"
[removed]
&gt;Frozen promoting beastiality

Excuse me *what*
Going to concur with *what*
[What?
](https://giphy.com/gifs/just-blinking-3ELtfmA4Apkju)
Frozen or Beauty and the Beast?
It’s because she thinks the word “girl” implies a child, hence why she says she’s a _woman_.
Wait hold up, what now?
I loved that movie, and I've never heard this before?!?!?!
?
They were mostly evangelical pastors complaining.
Surprise surpise.
Both, but the relationship with sven and his reindeer were too much for some very pure minded Christian folk.
Oh wow.
I somehow missed their pearl clutching over that.
Not totally surprised, though.
With Beauty and the Beast they were freaking out about Gaston and what's his face being gay.
There’s a line in Fixer Upper - “like his peculiar brain dear, the thing with the reindeer - that’s a little outside of nature’s laws!”.
I love the movie (and the song) but the second I heard that all I thought about was anti-gay advocates using that line constantly.
"Oh I'm mature as fuck" Amazing.
She’s lived in multiple nations and has had three businesses and is working on a fourth!
So mature as fuck!
Oxymoronic statement?
If it was oxymoronic she would be mature as a newborn baby or something along those lines.
*"Oxymoron is a figure of speech in which two opposite ideas are joined to create an effect.
The common oxymoron phrase is a combination of an adjective proceeded by a noun with contrasting meanings, such as “cruel kindness,” or “living death”.
*
So just moronic.
Bingo.
That whole rant was very, very Trumpian.
That's what I was thinking.
I kept reading it in his voice and then I'd remember it was written by a 30something woman and it was breaking my brain.
Did you know oxymoron comes from the Greek “oxus” meaning sharp and “moros” meaning dull, so oxymoron would be “sharp-dull”.
It’s autological, meaning the word itself is an example of an oxymoron!
Neat, huh?
TIL.
[deleted]
I think he was chatting with Tomi Lahren.
This reminded me of Britta from Community.
She bought into three MLM scams and is about to sink money into a fourth.
That was my first thought too.
Omg, I thought I was the only one hearing it in Trump's voice.
Holy word salad batman!
Totally how I read that.
She owns her own business on neuroscience.
Yes!
Exactly what I was thinking.
She welds neurons.Super cutting edge.
As a 40yo female: I was almost sympathetic for a minute.
Because 30s/early40s guys do seem notorious for being like ‘yeah baby we so great together’ then ghosting as soon as they get the poon.
But nope.
She skipped the ‘frustrated’ stop and took the train ALL the way in to crazy town.
As a 37 year old, I can tell you it's because we've learned that if we're all still single at this age, there are reasons (trust issues, etc.)
ON BOTH SIDES.
I pity all of my single people.
I got very lucky.
You did!
My early 20s I was married to a guy that ended up being an abusive drug addict.
My late 20s I was married to a guy who didn’t want kids after all (yes, we discussed it).
I ended up using donors for my kids.
I’ve been raising my kids all by myself.
I don’t even need a guy to pay bills/do anything with the kids.
I really just need a guy for a consistent schedule of Netflix and chill.
But even THAT is too much for guys, apparently.
Ugh.
Fucking ridiculous.
Guys in this age bracket are either fresh out of a relationship or have never had a serious relationship...either way they just want sex, no commitment or responsibility.
It’s a fucking nightmare for a single girl that wants a loving committed relationship.
But yeah...back to the OP, best not to dampen your chances even further with unrealistic expectations.
For any of you wondering: I’ve been single for 10 years.
Raising my kids by myself.
Still waiting for a man (not a man child) without serious commitment issues.
Lock it down early, people.
This shit ain’t pretty 40+.
F to myself.
[deleted]
Well she explained her earlier marriages, and honestly sometimes a woman just wants to have children but not a relationship.
It's also a time thing - you don't want to miss the fertility window.
It's really not that unusual, especially in the last 10-15 years.
Just saying, I don't know what you think the reasoning is that is so concerning to you, but there are a lot of reasons why a person may go this route.
I feel like there should be someone willing to do that.
That's like FWB with some light affection.
Well if you pigeonhole men like that u obviously come into relationships with perceived expectations.
Obviously your past has led to this.
But I'm a guy in my 30s who doesn't fall into your LITERALLY 2 person categories of all men in their 30s.
May want to think that over.
I don’t think I’m asking too much.
1/3 of guys I date- “You’re a cool chick just not feeling it”

1/3- mutual fade

1/3- pull some awful bullshit and/or ghost

I honestly don’t know what the problem is.
Basically if I lowered my standards anymore I’d be an abuse victim or something.
Hey...I’m holding out hope that somewhere out there is a guy that’s actually mature and actually capable of a relationship where he actually makes some effort as opposed to sucking whatever he can get out of me.
But guys keep lumping ***themselves*** into the 2 categories I’ve mentioned.
Sorry that you take personal offense at an observation I made regarding the guys that I’ve dated over the past few years, but unless you were one of them then I wasn’t talking about you.
I missed the deleted comment, but you basically covered it.
I do very much want a relationship with a guy, that’s all I’ve ever wanted.
But it hasn’t worked out like that.
And I damn sure didn’t want to die childless.
So yeah, it was me v. fertility window and I chose to do it myself before it was too late.
Well we reap what we sow.
Ce la vie.
It's not that that's only what men are.
Unfortunately and probably a painful truth is that that's the kind of men you attract, engage, and accept as partners.
Most likely there are many people out there who lack what you look for and likewise will offer different futures.
However it is up to you to accept these different options as realities.
To add you literally state that it's the guys who keep lumping themselves together.
But what about the millions of women in happy relationships?
You blame the men.
What about all the happy women, are they somehow oblivious of all these jerks that only you seem to know?
Cognitive Dissonance.
Look it up.
C’est la vie bruh.
I feel it.
Girls like to to do that to guys in their 20's.
Yikes.
Well in the 20s- especially the early 20s- I can totally understand why people (of both genders) might not want to settle down.
But after my marriage ended and I hadn’t first baby I was stoked to start dating guys in their mid 30s to 40s.
Silly me, I was thinking they’d be more mature and be able to get into a relationship without being scared (or whatever the hangup is).
Turns out the guys in this age bracket that are capable of relationships are already IN relationships.
(And before anyone gets butthurt about my generalization, I realize it’s not all guys this age...but it does seem to be most.)
I totally get that, and I'm definitely into that option for exactly that reason.
Good for you!
:)
I gotta say, it’s worked out great for me!
The kids are happy and healthy.
My eldest (10yo) is like “I don’t want a dad.
Our family is perfect just the way it is.”

Your #1 expense will be childcare while you’re at work.
If you have family to help you, that would be the best way.
Otherwise you’re looking at $200 per week, per child.
I also recommend using an actual guy as a donor, as opposed to a fertility clinic.
I blew $5k on a fertility clinic for one try that didn’t work.
So then I was like ‘fuck that noise’ and made a verbal agreement with a guy.
Left the ‘father’ part of the birth certificate blank.
Saved me thousands and thousands of dollars.
Because even if you’re doing the timing right, it’s still not guaranteed to work.
And try to have a baby before 35.
People seem to think it’s no biggie to wait into their 40s, but after 35 even a healthy pregnancy is considered high risk.
Good luck!
wall of text.
Oh for sure!
36 is my upper limit.
I appreciate the advice!
I'm so glad that your family has worked out so well :)
I wouldn’t recommend THREE for a single parent.
I’m kind of a special case.
Lol!
But one is totally doable.
And 36 is a good cut off to put on yourself.
With the last (and final) baby I was 37.
There was absolutely nothing wrong with the pregnancy, but I was labeled ‘high risk, advanced maternal age’.
People see celebrities popping out babies in their 40s and overestimate the fertility window.
They don’t realize that those babies were probably made with donor eggs and implanted.
Fertility starts declining rapidly after 35, and chances of birth defects start rising at that point.
PM me any time if you have any questions.
I’m happy to help other ladies on this boat!
I just knew that I would absolutely die of depression or something if I never got to be a mother.
You only live once, it’s worth it to make something happen if it’s important to you.
I really appreciate your kind words, and I'll definitely be keeping you in mind!
You clearly have some high standards, because there are plenty of lonely men at that age..
This, you said it better than i tried to above.
Hmm...have you actually tried to date guys in this age bracket?
Most are so blatantly sexual it’s just gross.
Followed by guys who claim they want a relationship, but tap out after 3 dates- despite nothing at all going wrong during those 3 dates.
“You’re a cool chick, just not feeling ‘it’.” The ones who have never had a serious relationship- I give chances to, but they’re squirrelly AF.
Any guys who have had at least ONE serious relationship, if that relationship ended in him getting hurt...well he doesn’t even want to attempt that again, so he’s not looking for a relationship, just sex.
Guys this age don’t want to deal with kids that aren’t biologically theirs, they don’t want to compete for attention, they don’t want to make any kind of effort.
Basically it seems like they want to sit at home in their underwear, not spend any time or effort, and have a relatively attractive female deliver herself to his doorstep and hop on his dick.
Then leave, of course, for free, because they don’t want to spend any money for this transaction.
It’s fucking sickening.
I’m disgusted by it, and frankly not impressed at all by guys 30-50.
Maybe this sounds like generalization, but THIS is exactly what I’m dealing with and it fucking sucks balls.
I’m independent, I don’t lie, I don’t cheat, I’m not jealous, I’m super chill, and I love sex.
I honestly don’t know what else guys could ask for....aside from home delivery blow jobs, which is what they seem to want.
Edit: Also I’m a pretty talented artist and have a college degree.
It’s not a requirement, but if a guy doesn’t have a formal education, I at least like some indication that he has common sense or is well read/self taught.
And if that means my standards are too high, then so be it.
\#sorrynotsorry I’m not going to settle for an obese hairy ignorant truck driver, who is 5 years younger than me but looks 15 years older (actual guy who messaged me recently).
Ty.
Again, i think you are just going after the wrong type of guy constantly.
Also you seem to lack self reflection, maybe they aren't "paying for this transaction" but are you?
I'm thinking you arent even looking a single point below your perceived self value.
You need to face the facts that you are getting older, either you lower your apparently high standards or alter your type(that you go for) or you are going to be alone forever.
Another thing is expecting them to be ready at the first date for the full responsibilities, its just not realistic.
Meh.
I think I’m worth more than to just settle for whatever rando guy.
Silly me, I want a guy that’s cool to hang out with, who actually cares about me and is interested in getting to know me.
I give lots of guys chances, in fact I prefer average-y guys because super hot guys and gym rats are insufferably full of themselves.
I’m not ruling these guys out, they rule themselves out with ridiculous bullshit.
Why can’t you accept the fact that some guys are shitty?
I’m sure you think girls can be shitty?
And why are you recommending I settle for a shitty guy?
Have you settled for a shitty girl?
i never said some guys arent shitty, i even made a point of you probably going for the type that only wants one thing and one thing only.
Boys and girls alike can be shitty same goes with men/women.
And no, I am married to the love of my life ;)
&gt; Ugh.
Fucking ridiculous.
Guys in this age bracket are either fresh out of a relationship or have never had a serious relationship...either way they just want sex, no commitment or responsibility.
It’s a fucking nightmare for a single girl that wants a loving committed relationship.
But yeah...back to the OP, best not to dampen your chances even further with unrealistic expectations.
I normally don't date guys in my age group (early 30s).
Recently was going out with a guy the same age as me.
He is a normal good looking guy so not the type I would have associated with incel nice guyism.
Nope.
Missed about five years of social development playing WOW and watching anime.
Is 31 now and has never had a real relationship.
Was "in love" with a girl who didn't return his affections and now thinks he doesn't know what love is/can't date like a normal person and let a relationship progress.
I would talk about my ex and eventually he admitted the girl wasn't even an ex girlfriend because they never even got together.
One day he mentioned eventually wanting to get married and have kids I was like...
I honestly don't see it happening for you bro.
Yeah, it’s sad how these guys stunt themselves.
And some of them are good guys- attractive, successful with work.
A few months ago I dated a lawyer like that.
We had 3 perfectly fine dates, he claimed to want a relationship.
But then broke it off because he ‘wasn’t feeling it’.
I think these guys expect like LOVE on the first or second date, and if they don’t feel that then they break the whole thing off.
That’s not how it works.
You go out with someone you’re attracted to/interested in, and continue to spend time with them until you come across a dealbreaker.
If no dealbreakers pop up after a few weeks of dating...then progress to relationship.
I hate to be judge-y, but I totally understand how it’s a red flag.
I’ve given multiple  ‘40yo guy who’s never had a relationship’ chances.
And they just can’t do it.
And it’s not just me, they stay single.
And like you said, they think that some day a relationship (or family, even) is going to magically happen.
But they make no effort and run away from any possibility that doesn’t seem perfect by date 2.

Summary: 
That's what I was thinking.
Exactly what I was thinking.
Totally how I read that.
Girls like to to do that to guys in their 20's.
I pity all of my single people.
May want to think that over.
Recently was going out with a guy the same age as me.
And why are you recommending I settle for a shitty guy?
I feel like there should be someone willing to do that.
I don’t think I’m asking too much.
What does she look like??
And no, I am married to the love of my life ;)
I ended up using donors for my kids.
But it hasn’t worked out like that.
I think he was chatting with Tomi Lahren.
But even THAT is too much for guys, apparently.
I gotta say, it’s worked out great for me!
I do very much want a relationship with a guy, that’s all I’ve ever wanted.
That’s not how it works.
I think I’m worth more than to just settle for whatever rando guy.
Yeah, it’s sad how these guys stunt themselves.
I loved that movie, and I've never heard this before?!?!?!
And some of them are good guys- attractive, successful with work.
I’m sure you think girls can be shitty?
And it’s not just me, they stay single.
I somehow missed their pearl clutching over that.
And they just can’t do it.
It’s a fucking nightmare for a single girl that wants a loving committed relationship.
Rematch so we can get some more of this.
Hmm...have you actually tried to date guys in this age bracket?
I normally don't date guys in my age group (early 30s).
But one is totally doable.
But what about the millions of women in happy relationships?
I don’t even need a guy to pay bills/do anything with the kids.
I honestly don't see it happening for you bro.
One day he mentioned eventually wanting to get married and have kids I was like...
A few months ago I dated a lawyer like that.
I luvya, redditor, but I'm *really* glad it was you not me!
It's not that that's only what men are.
One of the prettiest girls I know actually scares the shit out of me.
Again, i think you are just going after the wrong type of guy constantly.
Dang, I was picturing some average homebody.
