Original Response: 
Don’t get me wrong.
I appreciate what they’re doing, but the hosts are usually so cringe-worthy that it’s hard to listen to.
It’s like listening to preschool teachers.
Can’t they keep it clean without it having to sound so fake and, well, just down right lame?
So often I hear them make some horrible cringe-worthy joke and then they all fake laugh about it like it was sooo funny, but the laughs are even cringy and fake sounding.
And then they often bring up very neutral news stories and for the sake of the cringy humor, they act like they’ve been under a rock for 20 years and say things like “Who woulda ever though of THAT!” when discussing some new commonplace thing.
I just feel like they’re so disconnected from reality when on the air that it’s even caused me to struggle in the past with whether or not I belong in this church culture.
Can’t they at least act real?
Poor theology is also common amongst them.
If you generalize it for everyone, then it saves no one.
It’s typically what’s known as a theology of glory, where being a Christian means life will generally be happy and carefree.
It’s very bad theology because it ignores that the Christian life always involves some amount of suffering.
But a proper “theology of the cross” doesn’t sell many ads.
Sounds a lot like the Prosperity Gospel when you describe it that way.
Scary.
Yeah I hear a lot of that.
One thing that’s bothered me recently is that new MercyMe song they keep playing, Grace Got You.
Here’s a snippet of the lyrics:

&gt; Laugh, 'til your whole side's hurting 
&gt;Smile like you just got away with something 
&gt;Why?
'Cause you just got away with something 
&gt;Ever since, ever since grace got you

Smile cause you just got away with something?
Is this how we should view grace?
Smile because you got away with it?
I had to look it up because I thought I had to be wrong about what I was hearing, but sure enough that’s what they’re saying.
Yeah, I would describe the Prosperity Gospel as a subset of a more general category of theology of glory.
And the reason it’s scary is because it claims things as promises from God that God actually doesn’t promise (nice house, promotion at work, multiplication of earthly wealth if you only have enough faith, etc.)
and seeks to avoid that which God actually does promise.
Yeah it's like just because you're on the radio doesn't make what you're saying any more valid, stop preaching theology.
Ahhh the last three times I’ve put on my local Christian Radio Station, that song has been playing.
Because, you know, Jesus had a nice, easy life and died peacefully.
Also all of the apostles never suffered any kind of mistreatment, were never ostracized and all of them died rich, happy old men!
/s.
I can’t stand that song.
It’s so trite.
This is why the Antinomian "cheap grace" peddled so much in modern American Evangelicalism bothers me so much.
Jesus told us to take up our cross and follow him, and that we'll often be mistreated because of it (like the blind guy Jesus healed who got thrown out of the synagogue).
Now that you mention it, IIRC of the 12 apostles only John died a natural death an old man.
But that's not "positive" or "uplifting".
&gt;theology of glory

Or rather, "Theology of Pastel Cheeriness"

Summary: 
Smile because you got away with it?
Yeah I hear a lot of that.
I can’t stand that song.
It’s like listening to preschool teachers.
Is this how we should view grace?
