Original Response: 
Moved here about a year ago and haven't found any gyms that have free  weights without ridiculous rules about how you use them.
Looking to be able to deadlift, squat, and military press.
Power Rack would be a plus!
YMCA- at the Coastal Bend.
Just built a new free weight area and our only rule is that if you are strong enough to lift them and then you are strong enough to re-rack em.
The locker rooms are old but in the process of rebuilding those too.
Here's the address and phone number: 417 S Upper Broadway  Corpus Christi, TX 78401 (361) 882-1741.
The one on Holly that is not the Athletic Club its called Lynn's US GymUs Gym5959 Holly RoadCorpus Christi, TX 78412(361) 992-4653Write a review.
anymore info on this?
I've been wanting YMCA to have free weights for years.
The Y has had free weights for as long as I've been there.
We just did Phase I of their reconstruction plan.
This included a new front desk area (facing west now instead of north) and a new free weights area and cardio area.
We should start Phase II in the next couple of years which will include tearing down all of the old building (except for the pool) and building all new offices and locker rooms.
The new free weights area is really nice, kind of crowded right now will of the machines there but after Phase II they will move some things around to help.
You're best bet is to visit the Y.
They can give you a tour around the place and give you much more info then I can.
Im just a lifeguard there but the front desk is a great help.
Just depends on what side of town you live on.
The YMCA/US gym are both good.
If you live closer to flex fit you can pretty much do what you want with the weights there.
It's cheap (10 a month) but there's only one squat rack and 2 bars (one on the back of a smith machine) so if you lift at peak hours you might be waiting.

Summary: 
The Y has had free weights for as long as I've been there.
I've been wanting YMCA to have free weights for years.
The YMCA/US gym are both good.
