Original Response: 
[deleted]
Slavery didn’t end - they widened the plantation to include everyone 

Women going back to work within weeks of having a baby
Students crushed with debt for usual certificates 

It’s really shocking.
There was very little student debt until people decided it was the governments job to give them money for college.
Then prices skyrocketed.
Having learned nothing from this, people now want the government to pay for everyone's college which will only raise the price further.
I think society, schools and the government should be doing more as well to protect students from wasting their money on worthless degrees like women's studies and guiding lower IQ students towards trades and other fields.
Look at the 13th amendment closely.
It's still legal too.
"as punishment for a crime".
Your history is a little wonky.
30 years ago we had almost free and affordable college because govt was subsidizing the schools.
Then the banks said why don’t we just loan students the money instead and the govt can stop the subsidies.
Also everything is priced oh so perfectly to keep the majority of people broke.
I think what the previous poster is referring to legislation made in the 1980s that made student loans extremely accessible, granted it was businesses that pushed this process.
I am referring to the same thing.
They transferred the cost from the community to the individual.
Especially necessities such as rent(especially in places where you can save money by not having a car), healthy food and medical care, while distractions such as electronic gadgets and junk food are cheap.
And watch as increasingly performing life's necessities while poor are criminalized.
You highlighted the biggest conspiracy of all when you said govt was subsidizing the schools.
That's what they want you to think.
Govt wasn't subsidizing the schools, WE were subsidizing the schools.
Income taxes are OUR money the govt want you to think it is theirs just because they are supposed to appropriate its use.
At a crippling 8% interest.
\&gt; Women going back to work within weeks of having a baby 

&amp;#x200B;

But, muh..empowerment!
I understand how governments and taxes work.

Summary: 
That's what they want you to think.
I am referring to the same thing.
I understand how governments and taxes work.
