Original Response: 
I wasn’t much of a fan, but I thought he had a great performance in his last fight and that he got robbed.
Lots of homecooked decisions on that Moscow card.
That was the only funky one as far as I can remember.
well that's just not true...

Dvalishvili destroyed Ware

Emeev beat Sekulic decisively

Taisumov vs Green was kinda weird fight but no controversy about 30-27

Khabilov vs Kajan Johnson was a very even match and even though I had Kajan to win, I think it wasn't a robbery...but yes, Kajan probably won

Yan demolished Son

Kunchenko also beat Alves in a boring fight by just volume and pressure

and finally that Arlovski fight was also pretty anti-climactic by both fighters and Abdurakhimov scored the takedowns, we agreed with my friend that the victory was deserved


So no, not a lot of homecooked decisions or whatever the fuck you're talking about, trying to push some narrative...
I'm not saying fights in russia don't have controversial decisions same as brazil for example but UFC Moscow was fair and entertaining for the absolute most part

EDIT: For anyone who'll doubt me just check your favourite media scores at mma decisions and you'll see I'm not talking out of my ass.
you're correct, not a fresh memory from others I see...
&gt; Taisumov vs Green 

2 eyepokes and 2 groin strikes from Mairbek and Desmond landed the more clean strikes 

&gt; Kunchenko also beat Alves in a boring fight by just volume and pressure

they landed the same number of strikes there was no volume nor pressure

&gt; Arlovski fight was also pretty anti-climactic by both fighters and Abdurakhimov scored the takedowns, we agreed with my friend that the victory was deserved

lol

well me and mom agreed that Arlovski deserved to win so where does that leave us.
&gt; Desmond landed the more clean strikes

Lol, not even close.
&gt;Khabilov vs Kajan Johnson was a very even match and even though I had Kajan to win, I think it wasn't a robbery...but yes, Kajan probably won

It was one of the worst robberies ever, in my opinion.
It wasn't even at all, Kajan won easily on the feet and was the only one working for anything on the ground.
I wouldn't say it was home-cooked because judges are incompetent everywhere, but it was an absolutely appalling decision.
I didn't really have an opinion on the Kunchenko fight, agreed with 30-27 Mairbek, and agreed with Shamil beating Arlovski fairly handily, but Johnson/Khabilov was superlatively horrible from the judges.
unfortunately fouls don't influence scoring...

yes Green landed clean and I wasn't sure how to score the rounds myself but you cannot argue with certainty that Green should have won

Kunchenko was controlling the center of the octagon and just wasn't intimidated by Alves's strikes at all

I had Aburakhimov but as I said it was kinda a boring fight and the victory could have gone to both...

those fights were close but I think the scoring was just fine...

except the Kajan Khabilov fight I'd say.
Just to add: [MMA decisions lists 7 fights on that card](http://www.mmadecisions.com/event/921/UFC-Fight-Night-136-Hunt-vs-Oliynyk)

Abdurakhimov vs. Arlovski: 12/13 media members scored it for Abdurakhimov

Kunchenko vs. Alves: 9/14 media members scored it for Kunchenko

Yan vs.
Son: 10/10 media members scored it for Yan

**Khabilov vs. Johnson: 12/13 media members scored it for Johnson**

Taisumov vs. Green: 14/14 media members scored it for Taisumov

Emeev vs. Sekulic: 13/13 media members scored it for Emeev

Dvalishvili vs. Ware: 13/13 media members scored it for Dvalishvili

The only fight where the majority of media members disagreed with the judges' decision was Khabilov vs. Johnson.
thanks buddeh.
The judges were English and Polish.
No judge was from Russia.
The judges were English and Polish.
No judge was from Russia.
you know what, you're right

rewatched quickly the fights that I remembered were controversial and they were close and goddamn boring but there was really no robbery involved

Kajan Khabilov just left a bad taste in my mouth so it affected the whole card for me.
Thank you, dude.
I hespect.
They were trying to avoid being poisoned.
One could argue that English food is close to food poisoning anyway.
Anywhere there is a close decision, i can always count on you to back the loser lol, in this case i agree with you.
If anything, it proves my point that the judges are chronically incompetent when it comes to the criteria.
The judges can pick who won a fight as well as anyone on the street, because whenever there's a judging issue the handling of which is clearly delineated by the criteria, the judges *very* rarely seem to get it right.
It's the equivalent of having a test where you know the gist of what's going on, but you miss every question that has specifics from the textbook.
LOL I hate to say it but English food was one of the worst experiences I had traveling the world.
What didn't you like about it?
Always heard the stereotype but never really knew what the reason was.
Well it keep it in a nutshell, I would say the limited selection and quality of ingredients is what makes the food taste so either boring or just unpleasant.
The description of the food sounds good in theory, but never turned out well for me.
I ended up eating mostly Asian food since a lot of shops were treading on Tripadvior few years back.
Yeah, I know for damn sure whenever I put a burger in my mouth with British meat in it; I can pick up on that dross straight away.
I immediately demand that proper Romanian  good good that we all deserve and expect.
some brit haters be downvoting us, sorry yall food sucks.
I can't imagine him being pro Fighter's Association wasn't a factor to him getting cut.

Summary: 
No judge was from Russia.
The judges were English and Polish.
That was the only funky one as far as I can remember.
Lots of homecooked decisions on that Moscow card.
&gt; Desmond landed the more clean strikes

Lol, not even close.
