Original Response: 
jokes on you, next patch will require armor runes.
For a weapon collection.
Because yes, that makes sense, apparently.
Jokes aside we won't get another weapon collection.
Don't forget that Team 1 made astral/stellar weapon collection and now elegy/requiem.
I don't expect any other weapon/armor collection this season.
The day long foretold when Flame Legion Runes spike in value.
Didn't even realize this... Anet, why?
as someone mention in different post about sigil price - you dont use them (sigil of nillification) to make armor -you use them to make "machine" which produce usable armor from history-item.
If you look on method you gain each collection -you put history item to "something" -then process it with machine priory char made with money and materials you give her -and then hit big red button.
In a way -story wise- sigil of nullification have reason to be there.... game wise on other hand :/
They had no problem using lesser vision crystals to unlock weapon collections in the past, even though those require armor crafting.
They don't care.
Consistency isn't their strength.
It to cull the explosiveness of whatever chemical reaction it is i think.
In that case, they could've used many other sigils such as sigil of water.
If you are talking about the recent three new weapons, the lesser vision crystals are part of the recipe for the ectoplasm-infused vision crystal, not the weapons themselves, so it has sense, lorewise.
That's a silly justification.
They could have made that be anything they wanted it to be.
They could have required a normal vision crystal, or something else with similar cost to a lesser vision crystal but that's actually able to be crafted by weapon crafters (since the collections at least nominally intend for you to craft some pieces as well - obviously those can be TP'd).
It's not a huge deal, but it's a dumb, small, inconsistency.

Summary: 
They could have made that be anything they wanted it to be.
jokes on you, next patch will require armor runes.
I don't expect any other weapon/armor collection this season.
