Original Response: 
Of these two possible paths, I think option A is the more likely one.
The recent underwater combat rework suggests to me that Selbbub/Steve/Bubbles might soon make an appearance.
If Selbbub begins causing trouble on coastal areas, we could see maps with significant underwater regions like the Scavenger's Causeway, Alcazia Tangle, and the long-awaited Dominion of Winds.
This would have the added benefit of reintroducing tengu to the story, which might lead nicely into a Cantha expansion.
And let's face it -- a Cantha expansion would sell a lot better than an underwater expansion, making Selbbub a perfect candidate for Living World.
As for option B, although I would love to finally explore the Deldrimor Front, I'm not sure what story reasons would bring us there.
Would love to hear your thoughts!
&gt; The recent underwater combat rework suggests to me that Selbbub/Steve/Bubbles might soon make an appearance.
Please no, mesmer feels like shit now :(

I'm not sure the northern maps would make much sense though, because all creatures displaced by the DSD seem to have spread from the south.
More of Istan, north of Sandswept or south of Maelstrom would make more sense geographically and since LS5 should still be part of PoF it would also make sense to stay closer to Elona.
And given the latest Living Story how about we go somewhere slightly more original with the next expansion, like Janthir.
[deleted]
Your option A looks a bit like Season 3 with disjointed maps which could lead to an unfocused storyline.
Varajar Basin and Suraeux Delta look too far away from the rest to fit with the remaining maps which all share a link to the Unending Ocean.
But I'd love to see the Tengu back and a flooded Dominion of Winds could be a perfect excuse to introduce them to the current storyline.
On the other hand, I don't see how a Season 5 centered around Deldrimor Front (as much as I'd love to go there) would be a build up storyline for a third expansion.
Or maybe we go to the Depths to face Primordus after backing up the remaining dwarves who fight the Destroyers since EotN?
Oh, and your option B would connect Tyria to the Crystal Desert/Elona so that's a big plus aswell!
:)
There's also Option C. Given that the world map was made unnecessarily further east, and there's been an expansion of charr lore with episodes 2 and, albeit far less so, 3, going to the eastern side of the Blazeridge into charr territories is not unreasonable.
It could lead to the suggested plot of wildcard Bangar Ruinbringer and the Renegades who detest humans coming into play, since two of the three major immediate threats that led to the peace treaty are going to be drastically reduced if not a non-issue by the end of Season 4 (Branded and Flame Legion; there's also the ghosts and, much smaller, ogres).
Bangar had only accepted the treaty because the other two Imperators did, and the entire premise of the treaty was reducing the charr's enemies by one so they can focus on the real threats.
And with Primordus and Jormag now being in hibernation, thus not an active threat, that leaves only one Elder Dragon as an active threat and the deep sea dragon isn't very active in Central Tyria.
Season 5 would be the perfect time to present a "alliances falling apart" storyline, and the charr-human treaty can be at the forefront.
It could also serve as an excuse to make a map that connects Desert Highlands to Fields of Ruin.
As an aside: the Deep Sea Dragon is exclusively shown to be southwest of Central Tyria, so going to Janthir Bay and the Shiverpeaks' inland sea makes no sense for a DSD plot.
Scavenger's Causeway and more of Dajkah makes more sense.
I've also been an advocate of Bubbles ever since they announced LS5 would take place before the release of the next expansion.
The underwater rework  earlier in the year, after they abandoned underwater along with the legendaries years ago, made me suspicious they may be setting up for something bigger related to underwater exploration  later on.
I've brought it up before but I'll mention it again, I don't think underwater dragon is big enough to sustain a full fledged expansion, but it can be used in the scope of a Living Story chapter and maybe introduce some form of underwater mount and movement masteries.
Definitely, I would love to head east of the Blazeridge mountains and further explore the Charr legions.
A few months ago, I posted [a concept of what that might look like](https://www.reddit.com/r/Guildwars2/comments/8f56r2/mapping_out_a_possible_charr_expansion/).
I've been suspicious of Bubbles since the underwater rework as well, especially with the most recent QoL patch to adjust underwater builds from the hero panel.
Also, an underwater-focused season of Living World would also give the devs an opportunity to extend the Gen 2 legendaries to underwater weapons, giving them a little extra time before they have to develop Gen 3.
So, at this point, I'm assuming 3rd expansion will be Cantha, and all it would take is the equivalent of Professor Quirell from HP: SS (i.e.
"There's a troll in the dungeon, there's a troll in the dungeon!
Just thought you'd like to know \*faints\*) with someone from Cantha, except replace troll with Dragon.
Though, not sure where they'd show up, probably Lion's Arch for convenience sake.
&amp;#x200B;

Though I did just have (what I think) is a cool idea; Bubbles gained the mind element of Modremoth's powers and instead of terrorizing Cantha, he's subtly manipulated and basically installed himself as the ruler of the nation.
I don't know why an Elder Dragon would want to do that, but it could be cool nonetheless.
Wait, what underwater combat rework?
A number of underwater abilities were [reworked back in May](https://www.guildwars2.com/en/news/making-a-splash-changes-to-underwater-combat-and-rewards/).
Here are the [full patch notes](https://en-forum.guildwars2.com/discussion/39192/game-update-notes-may-8-2018).
In addition, as of the most recent episode, we can now change our underwater utility skills even while on land.
Well they don’t call it the Empire of the Dragon for nothing.
Also if Glint was a minion of Kralkattorik, who’s to say if Kuunavang was a minion of Steve?
Dude does seem ocean related.
They’re called Saltspray Dragons right?
Cantha as a nation of Elder Dragon fanatics?
Hell yeah.

Summary: 
Wait, what underwater combat rework?
Would love to hear your thoughts!
Cantha as a nation of Elder Dragon fanatics?
Scavenger's Causeway and more of Dajkah makes more sense.
A number of underwater abilities were [reworked back in May](https://www.guildwars2.com/en/news/making-a-splash-changes-to-underwater-combat-and-rewards/).
I don't know why an Elder Dragon would want to do that, but it could be cool nonetheless.
The recent underwater combat rework suggests to me that Selbbub/Steve/Bubbles might soon make an appearance.
