Original Response: 
TIFU by orgasming so hard I broke my vagina

Happened a couple of days ago, as is tradition.
Throwaway because some IRL folks know my normal handle on here.
So a couple of months ago my doctor put me on a new SSRI to help with my chronic depression.
It didn't work that well and made me super-dazed, and on top of that my sex drive dried up to a level that can only be described as "Sahara-like."
Now, it's not like I'm in a relationship or anything, but I still enjoyed getting off at least a couple times a week, and found myself very wound up without my normal release.
I told my doctor that the medication just kind of put me in a fog, so she switched me to an SNRI and holy horniness my sex drive came back with a vengeance.
After work one day, I came home and decided to treat myself to a round or two with my vibrator, to celebrate.
Well, it had been building up so long in me that I went to town and had one of the most intense orgasms of my life.
I should note at this point that I didn't use lube, because I was so..worked up..I figured I didn't need it.
Sounds great, right?
Eh..not so much, because right after finishing the deed, I realized I had a shooting pain in my vagina, like I had badly pulled a muscle.
After spending a couple of minutes laying in state, praying to every god and deity out there to make the pain subside, I made the long, labored waddle to the toilet, only to realize I was dripping a lot of blood, too.
Before you ask, no, it was not shark week for me, so needless to say, I was surprised.
Upon further inspection, I realized that I not only pulled a muscle deep in my lady parts that had me walking funny for a day, I suffered a vaginal tear due to my..vigor..as well.
However, it was a lot more blood than any little tears I had had in the past, and prior to this, I never tore from masturbating, so I was convinced I really badly injured myself, and may need stitches.
I called my OB's office and made an appointment, and I explained what happened, all while turning shade of purple that Barney the dinosaur would envy.
My doctor took a look and welp, I was right, I needed stitches, and instructed me that in the future during any particularly-intense sessions, I should probably use lube, just to be safe.
Ironically, now I now have to once again abstain from all sexual activity for a period of time, so I'm back to square one.
Needless to say, the whole experience was not what I was expecting, and has been something I would prefer to not experience, ever again.
TL;DR Got super horny, overdid it during a solo session, and broke my vagina.
EDIT: Thanks for all the lube tips, guys.
Just ordered (look up the drum of lube on Amazon, was apparently inadvertently linking to my wishlist, too) so I think I'm good to go for future sexytimes!
(Not really, but I did order a few different brands suggested and really appreciate it!)
EDIT 2: Been getting a lot of questions about my antidepressants.
I was on Celexa and am not on Cymbalta.
Feel free to PM me if you have any further questions, happy to have helped some folks out 😀.
Sorry if it takes me a while to respond, been getting A TON of questions and I want to make sure I answer them all, thoroughly!
EDIT 3: Gold!
Holy crap, thank you, internet stranger!
Who knew my most read post would ever be about injuring my vajayjay...I'll take this opportunity to throw out a LPT: LUBE, LUBE, AND LUBE SOME MORE!
Also, know if you pull a muscle while orgasming, the pain is intense but it should only last a day or so.
When you think you've got enough lube double it.
Someone should embroider this on a throw pillow.
2 x 0 = 0.
Someone needs to post that Amazon link.
Or a bottle of lube?
I mean it sounds look a good marketing strategy too.
and if it's anal, double it again.
You can read it while you're biting it.
I’m going to save this to cross stitch it!
Depends on the size of the insertable.. smaller ones, you really CAN have too much lube.
Gotta have a tiny bit of friction to be able to feel it.
https://i.imgur.com/xM2y7GK.jpg.
Did you just call his dick small?
Embroidering a bottle sounds difficult.
Shudder.
True, though the bottle contains lube, so it should go smoothly still?
I actually first heard that from a teacher... At least our health teacher did her job.
They said insertable.
I’m partial to “Too much lube is almost enough”.
Wait, you'd then start a never-ending loop.
""
He'll call you when he finds it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I read that bit of a sage advice online years ago, but it was in the context of prep for having a nice time with anal.
I just imagined the reaction of my two adult sons coming into the house and seeing that throw pillow on the couch.
They'd die a thousand deaths, and I'd laugh so very hard.
You don’t have somatic sensation beyond the pectinate line.
Putting in lots of lube really deep mostly prevents tearing.
[deleted]
No, don't!
You can definitely use way too much.
I mean, making a lot of squishy noises is good fun in and of itself, but when you're with someone who plays with big toys a lot, there's like half a pint of bulk-bought medical lubricant in there, and you only have a human-sized dick to work with..
For sure lol, most people are just really underestimating how much lube they should use because they don't want to make a mess.
Anal is horrible with even just a little underlubed.
Towel, aka "rag"
I’m assuming you’ve never read *I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell*
Surface mount.
r/theydidthemath.
Not even their own pillow; just any pillow their alone with for long enough to pull it off.
That presumably hold true for both parties involved?
You know on cnc's, you have a constant jet cooling off the tool ?
Now that's the way to go.
In my experience yes.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Hofstadter's law:  It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
Knit a bottle cosy.
Hell, I'd buy it.
Maybe even gag-gift it to a couple coworkers.
no.
we were just thinking it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Just make sure you aren't using water to cool the tool.
Water makes a horrible lube and she will, once again, be right back where she started.
Like Louis Rossman with flux.
But if theres too much then you can't feel it as well!
r/woooosh.
0 x 2 is still 0 unfortunately for OP.
Sound advice.
Goes the same for things like beer and hot sauce as well.
Just not in this activity... unless you are feeling kinky.
Do not replace lube with hot sauce!
You get one cock in this life.
Use it wisely.
[removed]
Better quality lubes you can use a bit less.
KY?
yeah use lots.
I had a weird conversation with a guy in a sex shop who was way too enthusiastic about silicon content.
Or on a cover for a lube bottle.
Write it on the ceiling.
There are so many types and qualities of each.
Should have lube version of a wine tasting evening.
That'd be one nasty spit bucket at the end of the night.
You have to include the natural lube she thought was enough in the right-side factor.
r/theydidthemonstermath.
survivorman?
r/themonstermath.
Oh no......RIP your inbox with all the offers to "help" you in the future.... https://imgur.com/gIqGuuB.gif.
Lmao.
R.I.P her ”box” as well... ^^
This made me laugh out loud.
I needed that.
Thank you 😂.
Lol “INbox”.
Actually, it's just a rip in her box.
actually, its just the one swan.
Go on...
Today’s risky reddit click.
*oooohhh oooooooooohhhh*
*Its my rip in a box baby....*
Thank you for this.
RIP her box.
A rip in her box, yeayayah.
Step one: cut a hole in the box.
You have my sword!
Very good point, Mr/Mrs Assclown.
Edit: fuckin love mobile blunders, but this is awesome.
There really is a sub for everything.
*Step one... get a vibe in the box.
*
"go box"
good thing that OP used a throwaway.
Continue in an activated position...
Today’s Risky Click, sponsored by Ballpark...
My favorite subreddit.
"RIP your inbox"....
I see what you did there.
There may or may not be a rip in her box but you have to open it to find out.
[removed]
Let me guess.
You'd have gotten atleast 20 PM's by now.
If not, my perception of Reddit has been seriously wrong till now lol.
Risky click of the day #2.
May I be of service, M'lady.
[removed]
[removed]
http://thepunchlineismachismo.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/2013-08-19.jpg.
And my ass!
&amp;#x200B;

(am I doing this right?)
Like a wizards sleeve that’s just come back from Vietnam.
That made me laugh so hard.
Thank you kind stranger.
What's the matter?
Brain freeze?
I thought they said inbox on purpose as a joke too....glad someone else found it :)
TAKE A COLD SHOWER PRIVATE.
[You're underestimating Reddit](https://imgur.com/gallery/qEf86)
A severe lack of Lindsay Ellis here.
[deleted]
Is that legitimately something that happens on Reddit?
Brain wave!
This place has the funniest moments, and some of the best people too!
You're good just a sausage party.
This should really be higher.
It’s always been my strength.
Almost a perfect loop to.
You have to try really hard to find the stich.
Nah it's just imgur.
Now all we need is that gif in reverse ...
[deleted]
She already did that.
r/assclown ?
Edit: wot.
Step 2 grab a coconut.
[deleted]
Step 3 put your junk in that coconut.
No luck catching them killers then?
Step 4 have passionate consensual sex with the coconut.
Before I clicked I was hoping for the hot dogs on the face gif but that will do...
[deleted]
How do you rape a coconut?
You are a hero of this realm.
Coconuts can’t consent so it’s always rape.
You don't get consent.
The instructions clearly state CUT not Tear.
Seriously why have instructions if you aren't going to follow them?
Step 5, think it's a good idea to reuse the coconut.
The same way you rape anyone else, with joy.
r/cocofleshlights.
I didn't need to see this...
Step 6, after a few days take it out and decide to have one last go.
Step 7 eat the coconut.
Sooo many hot dogs.
You deserve more gold.
Being an attractive woman means you don't like masturbating or participating in online communities?
“Pics or it didn’t happen”.
Step 7, WTF!!
!
Please post ur best inbox messages on a relevant subreddit.
Myself, I found it refreshing that it wasn't the gif I expected.
It was close enough to be satisfying that I kinda knew what it would be, but also delivered the fresh warm glow of a new gif.
Excellent use of this gif.
[removed]
Step 8, buy a new coconut, and begin cycle over again.
Jesus that gif made me choke a little... From laughter.
Step 9 plant old coconut so in 20 years you can have new ~~coconut~~ human.
I didn't know this was a thing...
Might as well start an ant farm.
Lol.
Now that's a GIF I didn't know I needed in my life.
You mean R.I.B.
?
People are so altruistic.
I read a tifu story where a guy did this, kept it for a while.
went to use it and found maggots all over his dick.
Lol... r/woooosh.
Why does this sound so similar to "another brick in the wall"?
ok I thought you guys were referencing that, but it kinda veered off.
Lol, I envy you.
It's on every thread.
It always reminds me of blowfly girl so my brain goes mmmm, nope!
I'm not the least bit squeamish... until bugs are involved.
I shouldn't ask but... blowfly girl?
[ My pleasure!
](https://www.reddit.com/r/EnoughInternet/comments/85x1zr/nsfw_blowfly_girl/)
wow...
TIL that one can break their vagina.
I had no idea you could pull your muscle from an intense orgasm, myself.
The tearing I had experienced a little bit of when I was younger and didn't know to use lube, but I was out...so I decided to just go for it.
Bad idea.
Yeah I'm rather scared now.
You can injure yourself even doing classic ways, so to say, and even with enough lube.
So, it's better to always remember to care of yourself =)
You should have seen my son rip his way out of his mother.
So I'm assuming there was penetration involved?
Because I dont see how outer stimulation could break your bits.
pics or it didn't happen.
So did you not notice you weren't wet enough?
I don't have a vagina...but if I wake up a partner with sex using lube and I don't use enough lube or am too rough off the start they tell me it's uncomfortable.
Was there no discomfort during the act?
The pleasure was clouding my better judgement.
It wasn't until the very end that it hurt and I was close so I kept going.
Lol I applaud your dedication to the O.  I've done some stupid shit like that so you'll get no judgement from me :P.
[removed]
[You can also break your penis, if you got one.
](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penile_fracture) 

Everything can break.
So treasure what you have while you have it.
Uhhh what.
I'd this happened to a girl because of me, I'd feel bad... but I'd feel pretty damn good too.
There’s a fine line between pleasure and pain- especially when you’re solo.
I’ve scratched the interior of my vagina and didn’t realize it until I was done and saw blood.
*Then* the pain kicked in.
(Male) pulled a muscle lying down while doing the deed, it was in my back and it was sore all day.
I just arched my back at climax and it stuck up like a cramped leg.
Similar happened to me recently during a tinder date.
It was really getting into this woman finfering the absolute bejesus out of my vagina.
Though it was starting to hurt, I told her to keep going... Then she's like "omg wtf", pulls her hand out and shoes me - it's like a scene from a horror movie.
Blood everywhere.
Ruined the evening :/

In the end it turned out to be a scratch from her fingernail and healed up real quick, but it did freak me out for a while there!
Did you still have a muscle pull pain separate from the tear pain?
I was thinking you might have just torn yourself and didn’t feel it because you were so aroused and then finally noticed it when your muscles contracted after orgasm and the horniness abated.
roll tide.
Bloody hell haha.
But can you reference Wikipedia in a study.
Trust me; you do NOT want to see that.
I got a glimpse when my first son was born, and I'm now damaged for life.
*for ages 18 and up*
At least you know I figured out a new workout at the gym.
I freely admit i just tossed that comment in there for shock value.
I think a recall a minor kerfuffle in the comic book world where there was a birth scene depicted in an early alan moore effort back before comics were seen as being capable of dealing with mature themes.
It was handled tastefully, but it looked...graphic.
It wouldn't.
And I have absolutely no idea why she* would insert a VIBRATOR in her vagina...really, lame story.
Hi!
Sounds like you saw a doctor already so that's great.
But if you're finding tearing to be a common occurrence, you should talk to her again.
That can be a sign of some disorders (for example, lichen sclerosis).
Can also be normal to have a bit of tearing from time to time, but these kinds of disorders often go undiagnosed for long periods of time because people don't know they're experiencing something "not normal" or don't want to discuss it with their doctors.
Anyway, hope your vagina feels better soon!
She likely did not insert the vibrator.
When women orgasm it requires use of something called your "pelvic floor".
The pelvic floor muscle contributes to a lot of things down below, notably it contracts during bowel movements and you couldn't have one without it.
When it comes to an orgasm, the pelvic floor tenses up and contracts the muscles in the vagina, clitoris, and just kind of everywhere in that area.
Her having such a buildup for so long likely caused the pelvic floor to become overly exerted, pulling a muscle in her vagina.
She also noted pain that made it hard to walk to next day, which is also associated with the pelvic floor.
So yes, her story makes sense, and it was definitely a painful experience.
Have yall men never heard of a vibrating dildo or something?
It's a thing.
I promise.
I'm imagining someone who got the tear because they assumed their vaginal fluids would be sufficient to lube up a session.
Child birth, ever heard of it?
Women would die from it all of the time.
Except now, OP brags as if she has accomplished something, ruining her genitals and risking death....and everyone applauds.
Thankfully society is collapsing in about 3 years, and we're all going to die.
/r/collapse.
I mean that thing pushes out babies, I thought it would be build a little sturdier.
I'll have to go back to get my stitches removed, so I'll bring this up then.
Thank you, kind internet stranger!
You can always go to the references in the article and continue from there, skipping the wikipedia article.
You must have went to college too lol.
Gotta do what you gotta do!
Damn we on this 2012 shit again huh.
Sure!
Hope it goes well!
I know someone who fractured his peen.
He posted pics of it and it looked absolutely terrifying.
I was just at the urgent care last night for this identical issue.
Except it was courtesy of my now ex boyfriend.
I mistakenly waited a week and the pain is so bad.
Use lube.
This is fucking painful and we dont deserve it.
Solidarity, sister!
Sorry you are experiencing the same thing, and my apologies about your ex-bf.
I don't know him, but if he did that to you, good thing he's gone!
Its one of the bigger reasons hes gone.
Any guy that ignores his girl say shes in pain can go fuck themselves 😉.
Indeed!
Good on you for being so strong and standing up for yourself!
Fuck that guy.
✊.
Don’t fuck that guy.
No.... Don't...
I think you meant, *don't* fuck that guy.
I see what you did there...nice.
Well, technically now he *has* to....
Shoutout to my boy “now ex-boyfriend” for tearing that shit up.
The other big reason being...his...?
[deleted]
My ex gf had this problem by what I mean she was smaller than me in every way.
I felt so bad for her every time we had sex.
I used lube and everything but it was to painful for her.
I did my best not to hurt her.
Things just weren't working  so we decided to call it off for the best of both of us.
You did a great job at least trying and im sure she really appreciated the effort.
I spent nearly two years practically begging for lube or foreplay so it wouldnt hurt.
He didnt care and i finally had enough.
I'm a rather considerate person and when it comes to sex I want to make sure its pleasurable for both of us.
Sorry yours was asshole basically.
I dont like being one of those guys that like talking about how big their dick is but having big dick doesn't have it perks.
As a guy I agree.
Spanking ok.
Painful ripping bad.
Oh honey, wait till you give birth :D for me 15+ stitches and 2 months of recovery.
We don't deserve it no.
Thats way different, I’d be consenting to those rips.
Or fuck that guy and break his beloved one.

Summary: 
I see what you did there.
I did my best not to hurt her.
I see what you did there...nice.
&amp;#x200B;

(am I doing this right?)
I didn't know this was a thing...
I was on Celexa and am not on Cymbalta.
I used lube and everything but it was to painful for her.
I didn't need to see this...
As a guy I agree.
May I be of service, M'lady.
I think you meant, *don't* fuck that guy.
Or a bottle of lube?
I know someone who fractured his peen.
we were just thinking it.
I don't know him, but if he did that to you, good thing he's gone!
I felt so bad for her every time we had sex.
I shouldn't ask but... blowfly girl?
I mistakenly waited a week and the pain is so bad.
I read a tifu story where a guy did this, kept it for a while.
You can definitely use way too much.
Now that's a GIF I didn't know I needed in my life.
Now that's the way to go.
EDIT: Thanks for all the lube tips, guys.
I had no idea you could pull your muscle from an intense orgasm, myself.
Excellent use of this gif.
You get one cock in this life.
*Step one... get a vibe in the box.
It wasn't until the very end that it hurt and I was close so I kept going.
Or on a cover for a lube bottle.
Actually, it's just a rip in her box.
This is fucking painful and we dont deserve it.
I mean it sounds look a good marketing strategy too.
Better quality lubes you can use a bit less.
TIL that one can break their vagina.
good thing that OP used a throwaway.
Myself, I found it refreshing that it wasn't the gif I expected.
She likely did not insert the vibrator.
R.I.P her ”box” as well... ^^
[You can also break your penis, if you got one.
Step 2 grab a coconut.
You can read it while you're biting it.
Step one: cut a hole in the box.
actually, its just the one swan.
Before I clicked I was hoping for the hot dogs on the face gif but that will do...
ok I thought you guys were referencing that, but it kinda veered off.
We don't deserve it no.
pics or it didn't happen.
Water makes a horrible lube and she will, once again, be right back where she started.
You are a hero of this realm.
Step 6, after a few days take it out and decide to have one last go.
Also, know if you pull a muscle while orgasming, the pain is intense but it should only last a day or so.
Or fuck that guy and break his beloved one.
