Original Response: 
[removed]
I think your husband is being a jerk here, frankly.
You are in a difficult position here.
You're in school, trying to get a career going, and a baby will hugely complicate that.
But on the other hand, you want a child, you've always wanted a child, and you have a condition that makes it hard to conceive.
But he has no empathy for any of that.
He wants the decision to be about whether *he* is ready.
Or about whether you as a couple are ready for a child, which is apparently up to him to decide.
Don't talk to him about it again, figure out what feels right to you and inform him.
100% agree with this.
He's 35.. when *he's* ready in a few years, it might take you even longer to conceive.
I have a friend with PCOS and has been actively trying (medicine, shots and all) for over 5 years.
Sometimes you need to grow up, be mature and accept that your "few years" down the line came a little earlier than expected.
It's not the end of the world.
I think that’s a little harsh.
OP said he was being supportive, and that what he said he said after she asked him.
It’s probably a good thing that he didn’t lie about how he felt...

Also, being an essential component of the couple, I would argue that he DOES get to decide if he and OP, as a couple, are ready.
I mean, it’s not like OP can unilaterally decide that.
and to say they need to reach an agreement... well realistically that may not be possible.
even OP admits that they’ve really struggled.
&gt;Don't talk to him about it again, figure out what feels right to you and inform him.
This REALLY bugs me.
I'm sorry, but the husband is just as entitled to decide whether or not he wants to be a parent as OP is.
Why does she get to dictate his decision on something so huge?
This is really not a good way to work through something with your partner - it's a great way to alienate them, though.
I mean.
You’re right.
The husband does get to decide if he wants to be a parent.
But she also gets to decide if she wants to keep the baby.
He doesn’t want the baby?
Cool they can get divorced.
She wants to keep the baby and he doesn’t?
Cool she values the baby more than she values her marriage.
You can’t expect either of them to change their mind on an issue they both feel deeply about.
I was with you until that last line.
I never said I expected anyone to change their mind, I just pointed out that your last comment was pretty messed up.
The correct answer is to talk through it together and come to a decision as a team.
Since it’s a woman’s right to choose whether to abort or not?
I’m not the one who made the comment buddy.
Ok excuse me, the\* last comment.
I don’t understand your question.
When’s it not a woman’s right to choose to abort or not?
What about if he wants it but she doesn't?
Tough luck for him, I guess?
&gt; I think your husband is being a jerk here, frankly.
Sorry, why?
OP said the husband’s been “supportive and gentle” throughout this entire process.
It was only when she specifically asked what *he* wanted, that he was honest and shared that he doesn’t feel ready, and that if it were *his* choice, he wouldn’t go through with it.
What would you propose instead, that he lie to OP, and not share his honest feelings?
That’s the path to resentment and an unhealthy marriage.
He isn’t forcing the abortion on her, or trying to stop her from having the kid.
But if he’s not ready, he’s not ready.
And it’s important for OP to know that, as she’s making the decision on what to do next.
It feels really gross to condemn the husband here for having his own feelings and opinions (while, again, still being supportive of OP and her decisions).
What?
So you’re saying it’s SELFISH of him to think about “whether you as a couple are ready” but it’s NOT selfish for OP to unilaterally decide they are ready???
How did you write that without realizing the massive hypocrisy?
She doesn’t get to make the decision just because she has PCOS.
All decisions in marriage are joint and about the readiness of the couple, and one very legitimate half of the couple is honestly saying he’s not ready.
If she wants to do it alone, they can always divorce and he can sign away rights.
I think that’s fair and plausible.
What is NOT fair is giving birth because SHE made the decision for both of them and expecting him to just go along with it.
Yeah exactly.
Why is this hard for people to understand?
In that case if he wants the baby and she doesn’t then she has every right to abort it.
Then they can evaluate their relationship stay together or breakup.
Well, yeah.
What logical answer would you have for that?
It's not like he can take the fetus out of her and grow it in himself.
Biology is unfair like that.

Summary: 
He doesn’t want the baby?
He wants the decision to be about whether *he* is ready.
I was with you until that last line.
What about if he wants it but she doesn't?
She wants to keep the baby and he doesn’t?
I think your husband is being a jerk here, frankly.
The husband does get to decide if he wants to be a parent.
I mean, it’s not like OP can unilaterally decide that.
Cool they can get divorced.
But she also gets to decide if she wants to keep the baby.
