Original Response: 
Fucking assholes.
Just say no to Groms!
Groms, not even once.
Sometimes I feel like the only Grom rider who uses the bike for short commutes and casual cruising, instead of fuck boy shenanigan.
There isn't many of us, but we do exist :)
 My girlfriend just picked up a TNT 135 and riding it makes me itch to be a hooligan....
Even more so than my fz-09.
Plates, helmet customized with stickers, all visible in pictures.
Thinking these animals are going to be spending some time under supervision pretty soon.
This is what happens when you leave squirrels and chipmunks around your motorcycles.
Just because it can work a clutch doesn't make it a human being.
There are dozens of us, at least!
Not entirely, mine is my only bike so it does everything but it's mostly getting to work and back.
Weekends are often a bit more colourful, but at worst I speed too much.
My other riding buddies are not sane, to say the least.
My favorite Grom-bro self own is the YouTuber who recorded his attempt to ride into a pack of a [1% MC’ers] Motorcycle Club [EDIT: they weren’t even a 1% MC; YTer was so dramatic I figured he was at risk...sheesh, just a formation interrupter], attempting to pass them ostensibly and failing, and then getting taught a lesson in manners.
Had the gall to post the video and was shocked when people told him he was being an idiot.
He re-uploaded and doubled down.
[Grom-bro](https://youtu.be/ZRZDCMt8fqI)
I have a hard time going fast enough to even speed on my Grom.
Pretty easy when the limit is 60 or 70 ;)
:(
Fellow Grom commuters unite!
Tip of the helmet to all sane riders out there.
Mine is built for speed!
Not a lot of speed but some of it.
I skipped around that video and watched without sound.
I don't see anything wrong short of it being a dude on a Grom.
If you come up on a long line of bikes and you're faster, pass them.
You won't be able to pass them all so duck in their formation if it's safe and hog the centerline then when able resume the pass.
Just don't linger.
Works best when you're on much faster bike.
Gotta turn on the sound and hear the narrative.
That’s what makes it.
The problem wasn’t the Grom, but the pilot of it.
Whole handfuls!
Rarely is anything the problem other than the pilot.

Summary: 
Just say no to Groms!
Even more so than my fz-09.
Mine is built for speed!
Not a lot of speed but some of it.
The problem wasn’t the Grom, but the pilot of it.
