Original Response: 
Background: My husband and I live in an older condo building.
A lot of my neighbours are seniors.
Also, my husband is formerly the building super, because of that everyone in the building  knows him and a lot of the older residents in particular like and trust him.
Since my husband is not working at the moment, he's been doing odd jobs for residents in the building for cash.
One couple reached out to him to have some door knobs in their unit replaced.
About them: they are in their 80s and very lovely people.
They will always stop and chat with my husband or me when they see us.
I have had many great chats with the husband as he's one of the few people I get to speak German with.
They are always together and always smiling and happy.
My husband has always felt bad for them as they are older, with no kids, they always seem to be wearing the same clothes, walk everywhere and in a lot of ways seem as though they don't have a lot.
My husband has found out that the unit they live in belongs to their nephew who lets them stay there for very little or nothing, he brings them groceries and is in touch with them often.
Husband says that their unit is always clean, but modest.
In the past my husband has helped them out with minor things like changing light bulbs, changing the filers in the heat/A.C.
units and he has always refused payment from them for these little jobs.
Yeaterday my husband went over to change some door knobs.
When he was there he said he noticed a couple of things.
First, after replacing two, he noticed that there were at least two more that needed replacing and agreed to do those as well.
The two knobs were on the bedroom doors, in order to replace them he had to access both sides of each door.
It was at this point that he noticed something weird: both bedrooms were full of of small shopping bags from the same store (a large department store, not a cheap place to shop).
He didn't look in the bags but thought it was weird.
When he mentioned this to me, it made sense.
We live within a 10 minute walk of a large mall which has that department store.
I'm not there often but I have seen them there on more than one occasion, and it is a popular spot for local seniors to go and walk around.
After he was done, they made arrangements to replace the other knobs and my husband told them that the cost is $25 per knob and they can pay him whenever they can.
The knobs cost $20 each so my husband is not charging them much.
As he was leaving, the wife gave him some cash and 2 bank envelopes to pay for the work he did as well as the other knobs.
It should have been $75 In total.
When he got home he counted it and it's double what they owed him.
He immediately went back to their unit and explained that they had over paid him and tried to.give it back.
The wife said no, that the rest is a "tip" and is for him.
So here is where we're confused.
My husband had always assumed that their financial situation wasn't great but we have no way of knowing for sure.
Also, the shopping bags make it more confusing.
Are they just frivilously spending their money?
Are they actually financially quite comfortable?
They seem to be of sound mind but it's hard to gauge sometimes since our encounters with them are pretty brief.
My husband is going to hang on to the money just in case they realize the mistake, but he feels bad for taking so much money from them for what is a really simple job.
He's going back next week to replace the other knob and said he'll try to talk to them some more to see what he can find out from them.
We don't know their nephew and we have no way to get his contact information unless we ask them directly which would be a bit awkward.
The situation isn't serious enough that I would want to involve adult protective services or anything as otherwise things are pretty normal.
Does anyone have any advice on how we can deal with this?
We're both uncomfortable taking money from them and we're now worried about them as this is very concerning.
We're both going to be keeping an eye on them but is there anything else we can do without being too intrusive?
Tl;dr: elderly neighbours paid my husband double for a job he did for them and insisted he keep the rest as a "tip".
Husband also noticed that two rooms in their house are full of small shopping bags yet the neighbours always wear the same old clothes and live modestly.
We are concerned, what can/should we do?
Do nothing.
My grandparents also lived very modestly,  saved almost all their money,  saved bags from shopping, wore the same clothing for years.
When my grandfather died at 105 he left a sizable inheritance for his 11 grandchildren.
I wish I had inherited the thrift gene,  more valuable than money.
Your neighbors would not appreciate your meddling  and the relatives probably know the situation.
Here's the thing about the shopping bags which was most concerning.
It was not just that they had a collection of them, the way he described it was that they were small, they covered the floor in both rooms and though he didn't look too closely, they all seemed to have things in them.
It was as though they went to the store, bought something, brought it home and then just put it on the floor and left it there.
I suppose it is a mystery but mostly likely they are hanging out,  senior style,  and feel like they have to buy some  small item as the price of admission.
When you are over there to fix something  you could  casually ask.
Your husband did some handyman work for them and they paid him fairly (check out what a locksmith would have charged).
The rest is none of your business.
None at all.
"Keeping an eye on them" is itself very intrusive.
Leave these people alone.
None of this is your business.
It's really weird that you're thinking about it.
But it is even more strange that you've normalized it enough to come here and talk about it.
Do you not see how weird you are being?
Don’t look in your neighbors bowl unless it’s to make sure they have enough to eat.
They're my neighbours.
It's not as though they're just random people who asked my husband for help.
If being concerned about my neighbours is weird, then so be it.
By "keeping an eye on them" all I mean is just taking a minute or two to say hi to them.
I usually see them a couple of times a week.
That doesn't seem intrusive to me.
Totally possible.
We're probably over thinking this.
It's the kind of concern straight up out of horror movies.
Analyzing people's shopping is OTT.
Nobody analyzed anyone's shopping.
My husband was asked to work in a room that was full of shopping bags.
So he did.
He noticed that most of the bags had stuff in them but didn't look into any of them.
If that's OTT then so be it.
So what?
You’re making a mountain out of literally nothing.
So they have some bags on the floor?
I don’t know what you’d even say to their relatives if you contacted them.
“They’ve got some bags on the floor?!!!
!” What?
Move along.
Nothing to see here.
I’d say they wouldn’t want your husband even over there if they knew how crazy you were acting.
Mind your own business.
They like shopping, that is the end of it.
The only thing more crazy than my concern over my neighbours seems to be other people's reaction to it.
Read my other comments, we were concerned but apparently that's crazy, intrusive, insensitive and judgemental and my husband and I have decided to butt out.
You're a bit late to the hate parade.
Yeah it came up in my feed.
Not a hate parade.
A bizarre post with a lot of people telling it like it is.
I can comment on whatever I wish.
Find a concern where he’s genuinely needed.
Like, go and volunteer in a soup kitchen or something.

Summary: 
So they have some bags on the floor?
Here's the thing about the shopping bags which was most concerning.
If being concerned about my neighbours is weird, then so be it.
They like shopping, that is the end of it.
Also, the shopping bags make it more confusing.
Analyzing people's shopping is OTT.
My husband was asked to work in a room that was full of shopping bags.
Husband says that their unit is always clean, but modest.
Yeaterday my husband went over to change some door knobs.
Do you not see how weird you are being?
"Keeping an eye on them" is itself very intrusive.
We are concerned, what can/should we do?
When he was there he said he noticed a couple of things.
Background: My husband and I live in an older condo building.
A lot of my neighbours are seniors.
