Original Response: 
[removed]
I believe the problem is that a lot of people are against men improving their appearances.
If you were to start telling your coworkers not to wear makeup when they go out to bars and parties, they would think you are crazy.
I think the best course of action is just to bring it up, that they wear makeup to go out, how is it any different?
Would they make fun of a woman that wears a weave?
Funny you say that one of the women making jokes does wear a weave.
I am not going to call em out, I think it will do more harm then good.
I don’t think a woman wearing a weave is at all an “apples to apples” comparison.
First, because weaves aren’t something you can take on and off like a hairpiece.
She’d be wearing it to work.
OP is only wearing this on the weekends, which may be the *actual* reason people are mocking him.
Second, because women don’t lose their hair, barring extenuating circumstances.
This scenario is much closer to a woman wearing huge prosthetic breasts on weekend outings.
Frankly, if Linda from accounting did that, *and* wore a Pamela Anderson wig, I think there’d be workplace memes about her too.
[removed]
Either way it begins a debate, and he should want to close the subject, since *it has nothing to do with work*.
Calling them out paints a bigger target on OP.
Particularly if he goes with your suggested script; it’s not exactly “gentle.”.
This ridiculous comparison of wigs to prosthetic breasts serves only to further shame OP by attempting to justify the coworkers' behaviour instead of explain it.
[removed]
[deleted]
That's the worst way to handle it.
It sounds like you're just defending the women because you are a woman.
As opposed to HR, theres a low chance HR even gives a shit about this.
You can try, but I prefer to clap back and move on.
That logic isn’t helpful to your argument, considering the reverse would apply to men.
What are you even trying to accomplish?!
?
&gt;As opposed to HR, theres a low chance HR even gives a shit about this.
And escalating it to include insults about a woman's appearance (there's also a racial angle in the weave, potentially) is a great way to get them involved.
[removed]
...nothing?
I wrote a reply with 0 emotion or investment, not defending anyone, just stating my opinion.
I agree with pointing out it is the same as a woman wearing a fashion wig, but leave the makeup comment out.
Plenty of people wear wigs just for fashion and it is really sexist of these coworkers to pick on OP for doing it, and that should be pointed out.
They are the harrassers, don't stoop to Their level, just show them how far down they are.

Summary: 
She’d be wearing it to work.
Would they make fun of a woman that wears a weave?
I don’t think a woman wearing a weave is at all an “apples to apples” comparison.
I am not going to call em out, I think it will do more harm then good.
I agree with pointing out it is the same as a woman wearing a fashion wig, but leave the makeup comment out.
