Original Response: 
I plan on taking it to a vet in the morning so they can take care of it and let it go back into the wild.
Gotta say, I thought they were bad in a flock outside in the morning, but this has to be one of the loudest things I've ever been exposed to.
Someone from wires might be able to help you tonight if you call them.
[removed]
How are you banned if I can still see your comment?
It only takes 15 seconds to verify you are an abusive troll.
Why talk so much bullshit?
[removed]
[removed]
If you're banned your comments may still be visible and you can do edits to it but can't create anymore comments/posts.
Removing posts are another thing that mods can also do.
I'm interested in how their ears defend against their own decibels and their fellows.
Thanks for the info.
Effectively, the hairs in their cochlear are able to constantly regenerate, whereas they can’t in humans (hence hearing loss and tinitus).
Went to a zoo where they would land on your shoulder.
Absolutely deafening!
Reminds me of this amusing but oddly heart wrenching story from This American Life: *You Are So Beautiful...to me*

Act One

[Polly Wants More Than a Cracker](https://www.thisamericanlife.org/228/you-are-so-beautifulto-me/act-one-0)
Troll or not, this guy is at least partially correct.
My friend took in an injured magpie that was born with deformed legs and couldn’t walk when it was a baby, and cared for it for a solid year and taught it to fly (sort of).
After a year, however, it got super sick and injured so she had to take it to the vet.
Seeing as magpies aren’t legal pets (or something?)
they put it down and she was sad for the rest of the month.
Timely.
I can here a bunch of them shrieking outside my window now as I read this thread.
Pretty birds.
Noisy birds.
What state are you in?
They're a declared pest in WA.
Vet will probably put the little fella down and give you the bill :)
They’ve a voice could break bricks.
They evolved to protect against their own shrill cries I guess, because being deaf results in not surviving very long.
at least this one looks toilet trained and is shitting on that mug underneath it.

Summary: 
How are you banned if I can still see your comment?
Removing posts are another thing that mods can also do.
Troll or not, this guy is at least partially correct.
What state are you in?
