Original Response: 
So long story short- I've been heavily abused and there's all sorts of fun physical and mental things that come from that.
My body is numb and I trust people about as far as I can throw them.
I've trusted exactly two people in my life and neither of those have been boyfriends.
Yes I've been to therapy.
Yes I've been on medication.
It improved my life quite a lot but it plateaued out and now I'm here.
My current BF is an absolute sweetheart.
He's caring and responsible and tries to make me happy in any way he can.
He's learned new techniques in the bedroom and bought me multiple toys to try and help sex become better for me.
Nothing has worked.
I'm just.
Numb.
My skin is numb.
I can't feel excitement.
Touching my clit in any way other than the exact one way that I know works doesn't just *not feel good* it *hurts*.
Unless I've been edging myself all day, penetration sucks and feels good maybe 10% of the time.
We can't try any new positions because only two actually work for me and give me a solid chance of getting off.
My BF has been running himself like crazy trying to get me there and I'm just tired.
I'm tired of trying and getting nothing but an ache for a few days.
I'm 22 years old and sex just isn't viable for me.
So I called it quits.
I can manage on my own and that's good enough for me.
The BF doesn't want to have sex unless it's good for me and since it's not good for me we aren't having sex.
My BF is into pegging and I still perform oral for him, but I don't make it about anything but him.
We'll kiss and touch a bit, but that's about as far as I let it go for my own needs.
I don't know if this is how it'll be forever, but I already feel far less stressed.
On the other hand, I feel far more depressed.
I'll never have a normal sex life and that sucks.
I'll never enjoy being touched like most people get to.
It's just numb.
But just because I'm broken doesn't mean that my BF has to be alone so I'm just focusing on that for now.
Has anyone else been in this situation?
I am exactly like you.
I have decided I will just fulfill all my boyfriend's fantasies, even though some of them really fucking suck for me, because it makes him so happy and he is so kind to me in all other ways.
I also fake orgasms because that makes him happy.
I know this is unhealthy, and am not encouraging you to do it.
I'm just saying I can completely relate and this is how I cope with it.
NEVER fake orgasm, that's the worst thing someone can do.
I'd go and tell him that you've faked it and you should talk to him about it.
It's hurtful at first but both partners should be happy.
He is never going to give me an orgasm because no one can.
It's not going to happen.
So there is really no point in telling him.
That's almost impossible, even if you stay there for 2 hours and try to get one,  it's possible.
Saying "it will never happen" means you gave up and clearly he would want you to have a real orgasm.
I'm 40.
I've been having sex for 22 years.
It isn't possible.
I'm sorry, I know you mean well!
But I have found a way to enjoy sex without them, and that is by serving my boyfriend.
Mmm in my honest opinion I think you need to Havre alone time.
Just because you're having sex doesn't mean you're actually having sex.
Sex is fun and adventurous.
I feel like you need to be alone and find spots that arouse you and find the place to mane you cum.
If you don't have an orgasm before you die you'll regret it.
Not just about servicing your husband.
It isn't 1920 when the guys gets off then goes to sleep,  its tinge for both parties to cum.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
You are a really nice person.
And this video is hilarious.
Thank you for the encouragement.
I really do hope this younger generation of women has a better time during sex than women traditionally have.
I have never found it to be either fun or adventurous, just sadistic and cruel.
Which is why I am not a sex-positive person.
Clearly we have had different experiences!
Hope you have an awesome day.
:)
lol this might sound weird but I've only had 1 real sexual experience and it was last week with a man haha.
So I can't really say I have had sexual experiences, I actually couldn't even get hard (honestly thought I had erectile dysfuction.)
But one thing I've noticed is girls never get to orgasm has of the time and it kinda makes me sad.
I actually found this post and I really do hope that you think about it.
I'd love to hear you say how you finally had one :D https://www.reddit.com/r/sex/comments/9ggrfk/strategy_for_closing_the_orgasm_gap/

Summary: 
I am exactly like you.
So I called it quits.
I know this is unhealthy, and am not encouraging you to do it.
Sex is fun and adventurous.
I've been having sex for 22 years.
Which is why I am not a sex-positive person.
I can manage on my own and that's good enough for me.
I'm sorry, I know you mean well!
It's not going to happen.
I also fake orgasms because that makes him happy.
I'm just saying I can completely relate and this is how I cope with it.
