Original Response: 
I think she might have just run out in front of him.
He certainly says it enough.
she came out of nowhere

&amp;#x200B;

except where you see her walk off the curb and expect her to pop out between the 2 cars.
easy to say that I guess when we're watching it knowing what to expect, but when filtering it's hardly unexpected that something could come out between 2 cars.
I'm suspecting it's possible fraud case

In the frame where she is separated from the crowd of people and starting to run across the street, she looks right.
The motorcycle is clearly in plain fucking sight.
She just dashed out.
Shit happened way too fast.
It looked like she timed it to run out in front of him.
Stupid.
Hope she's ok and learned her lesson


She her movements were so fast it might not have been able to pick up by the rider.
Your eyes can't focus two things at once.
He could have for a split second glance at traffic and then back at the sidewalk and missed it.
How would it be fraud?
She wouldn't be able to take him to court or anything.
It's infinitely more likely this is just an accident and she didn't see the biker, it happens all the time.
There was a video where people would throw themselves onto cars for medical insurance fraud and the driver would have a camera and bust them for it, spoiling their plans.
It's a rare possibility.
Not saying she did but sometimes you never know.
The UK has universal healthcare though.
Shit I didn't think that one through lmao.
She could still demand payment from his insurance.
Healthcare is one thing.
Injury sustained from accident causing weeks loss of work, a loss of career, etc could be massive in terms of liability.
[deleted]
&gt;easy to say that I guess when we're watching it knowing what to expect

Yeah, we need to remember this when we're watching these videos.
There's a LOT going on to look at and look out for.
Even an observant rider just has to look at the wrong hazard at the wrong time to miss another hazard in this sort of situation.

Summary: 
How would it be fraud?
It looked like she timed it to run out in front of him.
I think she might have just run out in front of him.
He certainly says it enough.
