Original Response: 
If you had to rank the top ten goalies in the NHL right now what would your list be?
1.
Bobrovsky

2.
Carey price

3.
John Gibson

4.
Brayden Holtby

5.
Pekka Rinne

6.
Andrei Vasi

7.
Tukka Rask 

8.
Freddy Andersen

9.
Luongo

10.
Fleury.
Price 🤣🤣🤣.
Can't shit on him for one bad season if he shits the bed next season I'll drop him.
Price is a tough one since the question is about right now and last season was bad and the season before that he missed most of it with injury.
Definitely good goalie but it’s been a couple seasons since he’s been able to show it.
Holtby 2 low, Rinne 2 low, Vasi 2 low, Freddy Andersen 2 low, Gibson and Price wayyyyyy 2 high.
Interesting list.
Didn’t expect to see Gibson so high but he is one of the best goalies in the NHL.
Luongo over Fleury shocked me tho lol I expected MAF to be higher.
How much would your list change if Vasy and Hellebyuck had years like last seasons?
Yeah but the season before he won the veznia and hart.
I know the team got much worse than then but I do believe he can steal alot of games for Montreal so they are somehow above.
500.
I totally forgot about hellebyuk he'd rank at 8-10 range.
[deleted]
This isn’t true.
2016 he was hurt, 2017 he was 3rd in Vezina voting and like third in Sv% for goalies with 50 or more starts.
No Hellebuyck?
[deleted]
IMO, Rask shouldn’t even be on this list.
Fleury should be higher.
Maybe switch Price and Bob.
Price isn't even top 5 at the moment.
Am I taking crazy pills?
Rasks CAREER save percentage is higher than some of those guys have ever even posted in a single season.
Rask is 10000000% in the top 10.
If you dig a little deeper Rask has some pretty questionable numbers.
He is pretty well insulated in Boston.
His expected save percentage is not great.
For example his comparable last year was Scott Darling.
The man has only had one good season as a starter.
He was really good last season, but there are other, more established goalies with better bodies of work that I think you have to put ahead of him.
I would say a similar argument could be made for vasilevskiy, but he is on the list.
Top ten is tough because there are like 12 or 13 deserving goalies.
Vasilevskiy has at least had two consecutive quality seasons as a starter, though I do agree he might be a bit high at #6.
I checked and you are totally right.
I thought he had significantly fewer starts in 16-17.
He had 50 in 16-17 and 65 in 17-18.
I agree but I wouldn't have Luongo.
Quick should replace him.
Advanced goalie stats are way too far away from being fleshed out to be used as a stand-alone.
Nice to see a list not based on recency bias.
Can't believe people are leaving price out competely.

Summary: 
I checked and you are totally right.
I agree but I wouldn't have Luongo.
Rask is 10000000% in the top 10.
IMO, Rask shouldn’t even be on this list.
Yeah but the season before he won the veznia and hart.
The man has only had one good season as a starter.
Price isn't even top 5 at the moment.
If you had to rank the top ten goalies in the NHL right now what would your list be?
