Original Response: 
She's been my neighbor for the past year, but we only recently hooked up.
She has the face of an angel and the body of a porn star.
She is every fantasy I've ever had, all rolled up into one woman.
The problem is, that I am having problems maintaining an erection.
All I want to do is fuck her all night long, but it's like my penis has turned against me, similar to Ash's hand in Evil Dead 2.
She dresses up for me and drives me INSANE!
Why is my penis doing this to me, and how can I overcome this?
She thinks it's her, and in no way, shape, or form, is it her.
Just thinking about her now makes me weak.
She's funny, smart, and so damn fun to be with.
We both agreed to bypass the whole "love" thing, since it never worked for either of us.
I just want to please her long and hard.
Can anyone here give me some advice?
How much porn do you watch?
If any, stop.
But be prepared to flatline for a bit.
This guy Nofaps.
What do you mean flatline for a bit?
When you stop watching porn (well I watched a lot of porn and this is about me and others who watched a lot of porn) your dick feels completely lifeless.... No erections nothing.... Just keep going - don't give in and watch porn to check your dick works....
It does it just needs a break..... all of a sudden you start waking up with erections like a teenager again.....
I try.
I recently stopped watching porn and stopped masturbating after doing it up to 3-5 times a day (on days when I'm off work and bored around the house, also on rare occasions would I go above 3 times) and I totally get the "completely lifeless" feeling.
I felt like it wasn't even there this weekend and its just really strange.
[removed]
How long does the flatline usually last?
I stopped fapping a month or so ago and my dick still feels lifeless for the most part.
On the bright side, porn doesn't really interest me anymore.
Well done

Average is about two weeks....
The more you watched the longer it takes...
It passes though.

Summary: 
How much porn do you watch?
Why is my penis doing this to me, and how can I overcome this?
I just want to please her long and hard.
The more you watched the longer it takes...
