Original Response: 
I saw many times in porn videos girls who fingering herself and then put finger/hand in mouth.
It is just the porn thing or people actually doing this?
Sorry if its stupid question, im a virgin and dont' know much about sex.
My boyfriend exchange saliva and cum via fingers and mouth yeah, Some people enjoy it, others dont :)
[deleted]
Your boyfriend tastes his own cum?
&gt;some people enjoy it, others don't.
I taste my own cum.
No, I’m asking if their boyfriend does as well or if just they do.
Jesus Christ Reddit, not all questions are judgemental.
Some boyfriends enjoy it, others don't.
What the hell is that supposed to mean?
This place is extraordinarily progressive.
It'll offer advice on scat if you want it.
Team semen 4 life.
I want to hear it, not because I am at all interested but because I am curious what advice could be when it comes to sexy times with shit.
In taste tests between her bf's cum and Pepsi, 10/10 can tell the difference.
If I were a betting man, I’d say it would be 95% about what your diet should be and how to best clean up after.
The other 5% would probably be ideas of what to do during.
It sort of feels like the kind of fetish that, if you enjoy it, you already know HOW you enjoy it.
I think it’s how you wrote it.
Adding the word does would make it sound less like you’re in disbelief and disgusted.
Your boyfriend tastes his own cum?
I can almost hear the inflection.
Does your boyfriend taste his own cum?
This one is a straight up question.
Pepsi?
ugh...i'll take the cum.
I was gonna reply but you checked all the boxes of what I was going to say.
Tone seemed judgemental.
[deleted]
Personally, a 9/10.
Eating lots of fruits, especially pineapple, can affect the taste of your cum.
I eat lots of fruits and smoothies so my cum tastes really good.
My girlfriend sometimes doesn’t share with me, that’s how good it is.
[deleted]
Lol is that really progress?
Just a joke people.
If you expect someone to someone to allow you to cum in their mouth, it's common decency to at least know what it tastes like.
Diet semen.
[deleted]
All the flavor of regular semen now with 0 calories!
FBI don't fucking move.
Diet-wise, it's good to experiment with your S/O to find what foods result in the ideal outcome.
Me, personally, I find consistency very important, so my S/O will eat a lot of foods like oatmeal/applesauce/potatoes, and other such things that have a nice consistency.
Those things, along with a lot of fruits (especially pineapple), diet soda, pudding, and marshmallows give the "outcome" a very pleasant flavour and smell if that's what you're into.
Other than that, the obvious being a high intake of water, enough fiber, and to stay away from foods like onions/red meat/etc.
We’re in a thread about girls tasting their own cum; how is it at all different?
Well with that kind of bargain...
All I can think of is the film Clerks and the conversation about snowballing.

Summary: 
I taste my own cum.
Your boyfriend tastes his own cum?
Does your boyfriend taste his own cum?
Some boyfriends enjoy it, others don't.
&gt;some people enjoy it, others don't.
I think it’s how you wrote it.
I can almost hear the inflection.
