Original Response: 
[removed]
30 minutes...female here...I had no clue a mans session could last that long.
The wank itself was maybe 5-10min but the whole process of video selection took 30min or so, playing a bunch of videos during this time..
Hell yeah they can.
Sometimes longer.
;)
Not sure if it was his intent but look up edging for male masterbation.
Savage!
He's a very giving lover, he gave himself 29 minutes of foreplay.
Not proud to say this but I once masturbated for 3 hours drunk.
Haha for real.
Another female here - takes me 5 minutes whole process 😂.
Man here.
It’s not uncommon for me to take upwards of 40 minutes.
Just like in actual sex, it takes work and concentration to last longer than ten minutes.
That’s what I’m saying...gosh, I would never be able to carve out 30 min of uninterrupted time if it took me longer than 5 min.
I will admit that finding the video to match my mood sometimes does take a while.
it really is quite and in depth process.
we must only find the best for the moment.
though, there are moments where you quickly cycle though multiple videos.
a bait and switch, if you will.
It helps if you have “whiskey dick”.
That will add significant time to your release.
Problem is the line between whiskey and limp is very fine.
One sip to many can take you out of commission for the rest of the night.
It most definitely *can* be done in 5 minutes or less are a male.
Whenever my husband drinks whiskey, I’m know I’m getting off but he has to wait until tmrw.
I always laughed when my fellow male friends talked about only lasting 5 minutes.
At 23 I could go for an hour easy, 2-3 sometimes.
Whiskey’s cheaper than Viagra and more fun before hand.
Plus you don’t have to wait for some college kid to fill your prescription for a bottle of Jack Daniels.
It depends on the male and the day.
I go for about a half hour but have gone up to 2 hours and as low as a few seconds.
Everyone has their own tolorance.
It's Okay.
We're proud of you.
Don’t try it while speeding on amphetamines if you weren’t a fan of the 3 hour session, have gone half a day before on adderall.
0/10 don’t recommend.
Oh trust me, it could go on for HOURS.
You misunderstand, we spend 30 minutes finding a suitable video and then once we do find one, we finish in 3 minutes or less.
It depends, it can last anywhere between 5 minutes to 2 hours.
Ouch.

Summary: 
It depends on the male and the day.
It depends, it can last anywhere between 5 minutes to 2 hours.
It most definitely *can* be done in 5 minutes or less are a male.
Oh trust me, it could go on for HOURS.
I will admit that finding the video to match my mood sometimes does take a while.
Another female here - takes me 5 minutes whole process 😂.
