Original Response: 
[removed]
Get out.
Block him.
Also, let his Ex know he's got a drinking problem and that his refusal to get help is why you're leaving him.
That part I can’t do.
She’s emotionally abusive to the kids where as he is not.
He’s a really great dad, and she would make his life hell for that.
He would never put them in harms way...
As someone who grew up with an alcoholic father, even if he never physically harms them he is emotionally harming them every single day.
[deleted]
Clearly you don’t know how CPS works first of all, because I already called on Monday, thank you.
And second they won’t do anything if there is always a sober driver around if something happens.
So there ya go.
I’ve been drug through cps twice now because of her, with no findings, btw.
I agree, which is why this is such a big problem for me.
[deleted]
I told them exactly what I knew about the emotional abuse, and about what has been happening.
And they said if there’s no imminent danger to there physical safety I could call and talk to a councillor.
[deleted]
No.
It should make it an easy decision.
Block him.
Never speak to him again.
They don’t see it that way.
Believe me dude, I’ve been trying to get answers for years.
Unless one parents pretty much does something that’s either life or death nothing changes.
Last year at there moms one of them was in a company vehicle with her boyfriend and got in an accident, cps did nothing.
That’s not what I meant.
I meant that’s why it’s been such a big problem in our lives this far.
Did you leave out the part about the alcoholic dad?
[deleted]
It’s not your problem any longer.
He’s only saying he’ll get sober to get you back because for those 4 years that you’ve been telling him to do it and he refused, he never believed you’d walk out.
He’s still not making the decision to get sober on his own, he just thinks it’s what you need to hear.
So it won’t stick.
They are unfortunately):
We’ve already dealt with that, she called on us.
They did nothing.
Case closed.
What else would you like me to do?
I agree, I don’t think it will stick either.
But I’m a very non confrontational person, and I’m always terribly worried about hurting others.
So this is really hard for me.
Blocking someone’s number and other ways to contact you is just about the most non-confrontational thing you can do.
Stop thinking about it.
Just do it.
You might hurt him, but think about how much his drinking has hurt you and how much worse it could get if you don’t pull that plug now.
You don’t want to wake up 5 years down the line, in a marriage, possibly with a kid and realise he’s still never changed.
100%, I’m only worried about my stuff.
My grandmas stuff is all in our storage unit right now, that he has the yard key too...
Do you have a key to the actual unit and is your name on the rental too?
If there’s a manned reception they will probably let you in with proof of ID and the fact you’ve got the unit key.
It’s just a combo lock that I think I can remember and yes my name is on it.
Maybe quit being so defensive when an advice forum you posted to asks for more info in order to give more relevant advice?
It sounds like your CPS is useless.
At this point it seems like all you can do is actually leave.
This relationship isn’t good for you or him.
You can’t save him-only he can do that.
Good luck.
Yes but I didn’t come here for advice on how to handle the kid situation or anything to do with that.
I came here for advice on my relationship with him, not that I should leave and be a spiteful douche by calling him into cps.
If I thought that was best, and that I’d get anywhere with it, I would, but I haven’t gotten anywhere in the two years I’ve been dealing with them...
You can't be a good parent when you're abusing alcohol or drugs.
There will come a time they spend their last money on dope instead of lunch money, they get drunk/high around the kids, something happens to the kids and they are in no state to recognise it or act appropriately.
CPS?
Sounds like both these kids parents are useless.
Calling CPS on an alcoholic father isn't being a spiteful douche, it's being a responsible adult in those children's lives.
Calm down, the people commenting here are just concerned about the children involved in this situation, and part of splitting up with this guy means making sure the kids are safe.
&gt;I didn’t come here for advice on how to handle the kid situation or anything to do with that.
I came here for advice on my relationship with him

And I gave that to you.
Same advice that’s echoed in nearly every other post.
&gt;be a spiteful douche by calling him into cps.
Christ, really?
So trying to protect kids is being a spiteful douche?
I still advise you to leave, those poor kids don't need you around either.
Teacher and mandatory reporter who has dealt with CPS on a frequent basis for a variety of reasons.
For what it's worth, I would be required to report if I knew a child had an emotionally abusive mother.
An alcoholic father, even if generally a positive influence, would just re-enforce my need to report.
You've been through the process, so know that there is a record kept regarding reports and visits.
Each report builds a case and each time it is worth doing.
I hate it that these cases so often have unsatisfactory results, especially the first few reports made, but please don't lose hope that there are folks out there that want to help those kids have a happy, stable life.
Though, others are right that the kids "aren't your problem" in the post.
Hope you find a resolution to kid part of this breakup that works out for you (and hopefully them).
Can I ask where your got that information from?
It's that what your husband believes it is it something you've verified yourself?
Is the storage shed in both your names, or only his?
Are you able to get hold of the yard key without him knowing?
If not, can local police help you get your items out of storage?
(Eg, supervise while you both meet there to collect your items.)
This fear you have of standing up for yourself and fear of hurting others is exactly the emotional immaturity that people like him prey on.
You need to learn from this and change your behaviour.
Realise that it's totally reasonable to not date somebody you don't want to.
[deleted]
A friend of mine has an ex with a drinking problem.
Despite the fact that she's had 3 DUIs in the last 2 years, a violent criminal record and has to wear an alcohol monitoring bracelet, she's still allowed joint custody of her daughter.
Shit's fucked up.
if you really view calling cps as being spiteful as opposed to protecting those kids that are stuck with an alcoholic father, i dont know what to tell you.
Weird because they were going to take me and my brother away the second they learned my dad was an alcoholic.
They arranged us to stay with our grandparents while he did some rehab program and we unfortunately got shipped back to him though.
Has it been the same caseworker each time?
They might just be a lazy fuck that doesn't want to do their job.
Maybe try talking to one of their head people.
&gt;He’s a really great dad

An alcoholic is NEVER a good parent.
Half my own family has been shattered by alcoholism in the past, every single person who is or was an alcoholic in my family either lived in a miserable marriage and made their kids miserable too, drank themselves to death, and/or are in the process of doing so.
So what are you going to do?
Marry him because you're too afraid to walk away from a relationship you already know will destroy your life if you don't?
His reaction to your going NC isn't on you.
You did your best to salvage this and he destroyed it because HE didn't care enough.
Get your stuff first, then leave him.
Hell I'd want to get my stuff too if I were you.
OP you an ask for a police officer to go with you to get your belongings.
Do you have a key to the unit?
If so I really think you should not respond to him, and call your non-emergency police line.
Ask for advice on how to get an officer be present.
Obviously you don't feel safe asking him to provide that.
That will be proof enough for the police.
If you do not have a key to the unit then I would ask the police for advice on that.
I'm not sure of the logistics of requesting a meeting time with your ex or reporting items stolen when he doesn't show but I'm sure there are some things they can do.
&gt; not that I should leave and be a spiteful douche by calling him into cps

Holy shit, you should be asking for advice on how to not be such a fucked-up person if you think that helping those children not have an alcoholic for a father is being a spiteful douche.
Yeah, no shit you like him.
If anyone liked his wife, they'd be blindly defending her and attacking him in the same way you are.
Grow up.
People on this forum truly believe, with all their hearts, that CPS is Batman and can and will fix everything.
The aggressive CPS-related advice is coming from a good place, but you've had the misfortune of finding out that the legal barrier for intervention is way higher than what most people think.
This whole situation has been reported multiple times by multiple people; you've done your due diligence, and there's nothing else you can do.
Please try not to feel guilty about it.
I know, right?
These poor kids, dads a drunk, moms' abusive, and stepmom is self absorbed.
Thank you so much for this.
This was my hardest part, and you made me feel a lot better by saying that I’ve done what I could.
So round up some family and friends and move all of your stuff out tomorrow.
Act quickly and decisively.
Cleanly sever yourself from this relationship.
And closure is a myth btw.
You don’t owe him that, and you won’t get it for yourself.
Closure is actually accepting that no matter how much you wish things were different, it is what it is, and you can only make the best choice for the step ahead of you.

Summary: 
That’s not what I meant.
I agree, which is why this is such a big problem for me.
That part I can’t do.
Get your stuff first, then leave him.
So what are you going to do?
Hell I'd want to get my stuff too if I were you.
If you do not have a key to the unit then I would ask the police for advice on that.
&gt;be a spiteful douche by calling him into cps.
She’s emotionally abusive to the kids where as he is not.
Ask for advice on how to get an officer be present.
Can I ask where your got that information from?
You don’t owe him that, and you won’t get it for yourself.
So trying to protect kids is being a spiteful douche?
I came here for advice on my relationship with him, not that I should leave and be a spiteful douche by calling him into cps.
I agree, I don’t think it will stick either.
I came here for advice on my relationship with him

And I gave that to you.
Did you leave out the part about the alcoholic dad?
Sounds like both these kids parents are useless.
Do you have a key to the unit?
So this is really hard for me.
