Original Response: 
We have four kids, 10, 8, 7, and 5.
Today we have an IEP meeting at our kids elementary school for my seven year old and they want both of us there.
Problem is our car only seats 5, but six of us need to get home after the meeting.
The school is only 3 minutes away from our house.
My solution was that my five year old and I wait at the school while he takes the oldest three home and then comes back to get us.
His solution is to have all 6 of us be in the car with the 5 year old on my lap instead of in a booster seat.
I think its dangerous and asking for fines if the cops happen to spot us.
He thinks taking an extra 6 minutes to get us all home is me being unreasonable.
We could walk home, but were in Arizona and its still pretty hot to walk.
Thank you for taking the time to read this.
TLDR; Am I being unreasonable for wanting to take an extra five-six minutes to get home?
Edit: Because I'm getting questions about my husbands mental state.
Money is tight in the sense that we can pay our bills, feed and get the things we need, but not enough to save more than 50-100 dollars for a car, which we planned on getting by next year.
I worked and went to school for the first 6 years of our relationship.
After I had my fourth it was just cheaper to stay home.
Right now he works 4 days a week 10 hours a day at an office job.
I do 100% of the cleaning cooking , making appointments, and doing all the stuff his parents need.
He sometimes spends about 2 hours with the four on his days off, the rest of the time hes holed up in his room playing monster hunter.
Currently waiting for it to cool down under 100 so I can also get a job that I can ride my bike to.
EDIT2: I do not have my license because I don't feel comfortable driving when I am medical marijuana patient.
I take cbd oil and small amounts of thc tincture to manage my lower back pain and additional pain caused by my autoimmune disease, I don't take enough to get high, but enough to not feel as much pain as I usually do.
I also do not have depth perception, I really don't feel comfortable driving a car.
[deleted]
Its 105 weather where were at, and usually if its some thing we HAVE to all be at we take two cars with one of his parents driving because I don't have my license.
[deleted]
I don't have my license because I never got one, when I was seventeen at I was in a massive car accident, It took 3 years for the nightmares and panic attacks from riding in a car to go away, and now I'm on medications that I don't feel comfortable driving while on.
[deleted]
That sounds extremely stressful tbh...
Yes, your husband is wrong with what he suggsted and 6 minutes isn't really much, but it sounds like he's really stressed and there might be more going on.
Sit him down and talk to him what this is really about.
Its a lot more complicated than that, and I could spend time explaining, but that distracts from what I'm trying to find out.
[deleted]
Pay for a taxi, then.
If it's more complicated than that, then this situation isn't as straightforward as 'who's being the unreasonable one'.
Not least because that's often a very unhealthy approach in a relationship.
You can't make him change his mind, while I'd lean your way plenty of people would lean his - it's not absolutely clear cut, and turning this into a fight isn't worth it.
Bluntly if he doesn't want to do things your way your only option is to do things his.
Just because your plan is more reasonable to some people doesn't mean he's being totally unreasonable.
Let this go.
[removed]
Exactly.
Op should get a license and/or start bringing in money and make sure her/his (?)
parents are getting help elsewhere.
My in-laws are home all day, and can drive.
I do have a phone and if something happens I would definitely call an ambulance.
And what if something happens to your in-laws?
This isn't just about the kids, something may happen to *them* and need your help!
You do realize that an anbulance ride is ridiculously expensive?

Summary: 
parents are getting help elsewhere.
My in-laws are home all day, and can drive.
He thinks taking an extra 6 minutes to get us all home is me being unreasonable.
After I had my fourth it was just cheaper to stay home.
Thank you for taking the time to read this.
I worked and went to school for the first 6 years of our relationship.
I also do not have depth perception, I really don't feel comfortable driving a car.
