Original Response: 
Was so glad to see him pull his arm out from in front of the tire.
If he hadn't, would a glove have made any difference?
Not really.
It would of kept his hand from getting that dirty.
His hand wouldn't have gotten dirty.
I was glad to see he’s conscious enough to try to break his fall after putting his fucking head through a back window.
It would prevent some nasty abrasion, I suppose, but it couldn’t do anything about his hand getting crushed in general.
Considering that video where the dude throws a brick at a side window and it flies back at him I can’t imagine how much force this guy’s head must’ve hit that with.
All it takes is hitting the glass just right and it will break easily.
Honestly, compact hatchback, non-impact force, hand would've been sore, maybe a little more bloodied, and maybe a broken metacarpal, but a few hundred pounds isn't immediately the worst -- think of all the people that have had their foot rolled over by cars and are just fine.
Looks like he already fucked his wrist in the landing, so that's still not gonna feel nice.
I don't know... that's a full on dent in the door.
That was a pretty hard hit.
I’m not saying it’s not a hard hit but materials can be funky at times.
You can lean on a door and dent it or at least push it in and will pop out 99% of te time but all it takes is hitting it just right and it will stay dented.
Depends on the glove.
It’s about “point loading”.
You see those life-hammers inside buses?
A moderate impact force concentrated in a very small area will easily break the glass.
Spread over a bigger area, it takes huge force to break.. I’ve seen sledge hammers bounce off windscreens.
Whether or not glass breaks is more a question of the rigidity of the thing hitting it.
That's why a brick won't break it while a tiny piece of spark plug ceramic can.
Exactly.
A sledge hammer is a much smaller point than a dude’s head and it still broke with his head so the forces must’ve been higher IMO.
Or he just hit it just right.
There are vents and stuff on helmets that could easily make the required force in a small point to break the glass.
Definitely a hard hit, not diminishing the force of it.
Yes it could have.
Could've meant the difference between just have broken bones and having broken bones along with skin grafts.
Some gloves offer some impact resistance, sure, but main function of gloves is to protect your skin.
Im always confused on this stuff because I’ve seen that one guy that after getting knocked over ran to the guys window to hit it and broke it on accident.
Modern car body panels are either tin foil or plastic ;)
Twice I've had a car roll over my foot, helping to get it push started.
Was a little sore the next day, no other issues.
*would have.
The window was half open, car windows are the strongest in the middle.
I think he hit the edge of the window and it busted.
ABS would have helped.
&amp;#x200B;

I don't know how :/
A hard hit would cave in the door so much the door skins come away from the body.

Summary: 
Or he just hit it just right.
That was a pretty hard hit.
Definitely a hard hit, not diminishing the force of it.
I think he hit the edge of the window and it busted.
All it takes is hitting the glass just right and it will break easily.
&amp;#x200B;

I don't know how :/
