Original Response: 
Fucking hell.
We hoped Conor would come back and we'd get Fight-Loving-Conor - McG 1.0.
It was a long shot.
We would have been happy with Coke-head-Conor - McG 2.0.
Instead we're getting a fucking 3.0: Buy-My-Whiskey-Also-Did-I-Mention-The-Whiskey?
Where does it say people need to buy his whiskey?
Am I missing something here?
Next tweet: https://twitter.com/TheNotoriousMMA/status/1042201683059789825?s=20.
I don’t see that as morally wrong.
He doesn’t owe anyone anything.
If the entrance fee is a bottle of whiskey or just a regular ticket, what’s the difference.
I basically see it as a really good business move.
Then again I only care about his fighting so couldn’t care less about the press conference really.
I never said anything about morality.
It's just whack af.
Edit: 

&gt; If the entrance fee is a bottle of whiskey or just a regular ticket, what’s the difference.
Wait, do you think he's serious?
He doesn't have the ability to make it happen...
Unless the UFC agreed to it which doesn't seem likely.
That is why most people are pissed.
His fans are gonna show up with a bottle of whiskey and get turned away.
If he somehow makes it happen its fine then.
Lol what he's obviously taking the piss the entry ticket isn't actually a bottle of whiskey.
I really would not be surprised if it was.
Conor can basically do whatever he wants at this point.
You just a player hater cuh.
And he donates a portion to first responders.
Might have to order a case myself.
Yeah theres some serious butthurt in this thread.
It's super obvious that the guy is joking, not obvious enough for some people I suppose.
Only Conor fans would be dumb enough to not see he's clearly joking.
NYC is going to be a shitshow Thursday.
Stop.
Are you being dense on purpose?
[removed]
I don't think it's really that obvious to a lot of people though...
or you could just donate directly.
That's my entire point.
It very obviously is a joke, but some people are unfortunately a little dense.
*One whiskey bottle gets you in, two let's you skip the line!
My personal army will be at the doors to let you in* lol.
Yeah hes totally just trying to con us!
Come on.
It is that obvious.

Summary: 
I really would not be surprised if it was.
That is why most people are pissed.
Wait, do you think he's serious?
It was a long shot.
I don’t see that as morally wrong.
Am I missing something here?
