Original Response: 
Dustin Byfuglien is about the biggest dude in the NHL.
He's 6'5", 265lbs.
He consistently ragdolls other grown men like they are nothing.
J. J. Watt is also 6'5" and weighs *289* lbs.
Thats a solid 24 pounds difference between them.
(For my Canadian brothers, it's about an 11 kg difference.)
And he's pure cut muscle, too.
I can't even imagine what kind of havoc he could cause leveling another dude on the ice.
we use lbs in canada not kgs lol.
For all the shit America takes for still using the Imperial system, I assumed you guys were all metric system up there.
I am uncultured swine, boo me.
Weight is a weird one.
Most Canadians understand pounds more than kilos but for our food we use grams instead of ounces.
Also we use feet and inches for height, one has a clue what their height in cm is.
If we're filling out documents and shit like that than we use kgs and cms but for everyday life we use feet/inches and lbs.
Yea JJ would smash a ton of glass as NHL players whip by him and tool with him with the puck.
Let's be realistic, in an actual NHL game JJ is about 5 strides behind the play.
Hell he probably couldn't keep up to the refs.
No, you were being considerate, which is awesome.
How were you supposed to know that our measuring systems are super inconsistent lol.
I think the units that are leveraged for trade (weight in lbs, length in feet) we stuck with your freedom units because so much trade was done with you guys, we just never got away from it.
And  Brock Lesner outweighs them both, but like JJ Watt, he doens't have the skating skills of a AAA junior player, never mind NHL-roster calibre.
Michael Jordan had every single skill you'd want a professional athlete to have--size, strength, freakish athletic ability, world-class hand-eye co-ordination, and the heart and determination it takes to succeed at the highest level of sports.
And yet he still absolutely 100% sucked in AA baseball.
So what your saying is Canada has a more fucked up system.
So least the United states had consistency.
I think its shifting over time my parents think more in imperial.
For weight and height its probably cause we're so close to the US that it's easier for us to not bother with using metric.

Summary: 
we use lbs in canada not kgs lol.
Weight is a weird one.
I am uncultured swine, boo me.
So what your saying is Canada has a more fucked up system.
