Original Response: 
If so then why did he not show some understanding of it or at least elude to it so that we don't doubt his religion?
His knowledge of the world seems primitive, not what you expect of a God who supposedly created and designed this world.
Because evolution is a lie and a tool created and used by satan to push people away from God.
Maybe but the evidence seem to support the theory, more so than the creation account given in the bible.
The evidence is very weak.
You have to be insane to think that everything came from nothing..
Evolution doesn't say things come from nothing.
You ought to take some time to learn about it.
You might change your opinion like I did.
I left Islam after studying it, even though the Koran can be interpreted to support it.
It was an eye opener.
The foundation is literally everything came from nothing and bacteria eventually transformed into humans... scientists can’t even fully understand concepts like dreams or how the brain works yet you think they know how we came into existence?
It’s a joke.
&gt; The foundation is literally everything came from nothing

Wrong, are you sure you're talking about evolution?
&gt; scientists can’t even fully understand concepts like dreams or how the brain works

I think you need to to update your 19th century understanding of science.
&gt; yet you think they know how we came into existence?
Yes we know, mostly.
Evolution doesn’t have anything to do with the origins of life.
It’s a description of the observed changes of generations due to genetic variations and mutations with natural selection for advantageous traits.
Certainly biologists are interested in the origins of life, but even that isn’t about “coming from nothing”.
You should study more about something before you criticize it.
&gt; The evidence is very weak.
The evidence for evolution is stronger than many other scientific theories.
i said "fully".
and by the way as scientists say its a "theory".. even they know its not 100%.. its an educated guess.
do not be a fool.
God created everything.
to believe in evolution is to go against the words of God.
tell me something how many times have scientists been wrong?
how many times has God ever been wrong?
&gt; i said "fully".
Nobody, scientist or not, can understand something fully.
&gt; do not be a fool.
Says who doesn't know what "theory" means.
&gt; God created everything.
I agree.
&gt; to believe in evolution is to go against the words of God

Say that to St. Agustin and the most brilliant theologians of Christian history.
&gt; how many times have scientists been wrong?
Many 

&gt; how many times has God ever been wrong?
None  


But that does not make evidence for evolution weak.
Facts are facts, irrespective of if scientists are wrong or not in explaining them.
[removed]
Evolution says bacteria evolved into humans over the course of billions of years... the Bible clearly states that God created humans.
Do not be a fool!
You're believing the word of man over the word of God.
Yes, but the Bible doesn't state how God created humans, does it?
Evolution is not the word of man, it's an observed, measured, natural phenomenon.
Or do you believe too that gravity is the word of man?
[deleted]
You're confusing phenomena with the theories that that explain them.
If no man had ever come up with a theory of gravity, anyway the earth "attracts" us to it.
So too, evolution happens, independent of the biolohical theory that explains the process.
Tell that to me and other the other LGBT Christians who love Christ and are beloved by him.
You’ve lost the script, mate.
I’ll be praying for you.
How would it push people away from God?
The Bible is not the Word of God.
How does evolution go against Jesus?
You don’t get to decide that the other user is not s Christian.
The Bible doesn’t say how he created humans.
How dare you say he doesn’t trust in Jesus.
And what does gravity have to do with anything.
You’re right I shouldn’t have said that.
My apologies, I deleted it.
I just don’t see how you can believe in both the bible and evolution.
Evolution basically states that men and the earth were developed over millions to billions of years.
The Bible says the earth is thousands of years old.
That is a direct contradiction to the word of God.
The earth is billions of years old.
The Bible is silent on the age of the earth.
And how does evolution contradict Jesus?
And how do you know that to be the absolute truth?
How many times have scientists been wrong?
How many times has God been wrong?
Evolution is a theory.
Even scientists don’t know for sure.
It’s an educated guess.
Evolution goes against the Bible because in the Bible it says that God created man.
Never does it mention the process of “evolution”.
The Bible doesn’t say HOW God created man.
And God has never been wrong.
But God didn’t write the Bible.
 Genesis 2:7 KJV

And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living soul.
That’s a symbolic metaphorical writing, not an actual HOW.
Those creation accounts, most likely written during the Babylonian exile, were never meant to be science books nor literal history.
That’s not what the Bible says.
It does not say this is a “metaphorical writing”.
I think you’re twisting the Bible scripture to fit your own beliefs.
God has the power to create us and destroy us.
Believe that.
&gt; It does not say this is a “metaphorical writing”.
It doesn't need to.
Te people who wrote it and read it then understood that.
They probably thought people in the future would have better sense than to turn it into the idol people now have turned the Bible into.
&gt;I think you’re twisting the Bible scripture to fit your own beliefs.
No, I'm reading it in the style and context it was written in.
I'm not going to read literal things that were not written to be read that way nor am I going turn the Bible into an idol.
You’re speculating and making assumptions.
“They probably thought....”

That’s not how it works.
If you’re a Christian you follow and believe what the Bible says.
The Bible being an idol?
Not sure what you’re talking about.
The Bible is the word of God and that’s a big deal to many Christians.
&gt;If you’re a Christian you follow and believe what the Bible says.
No, If you’re a Christian you follow and believe what Jesus says.
He never said anything about following the Bible.
You say this:

&gt;The Bible being an idol?
Not sure what you’re talking about.
Then go on to prove my point bu saying this:

&gt;The Bible is the word of God

The Bible is NOT the Word of God.
That's idolatry and blasphemous.
Yeah everything in it including what Jesus says.
It IS the word of God.
Here’s a passage that says this.
2 Timothy 3:16 KJV
All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
2 Timothy 3:16 does NOT mention the Bible.
2 Timothy 3:16 does NOT say the Bible is the Word of God.
2 Timothy 3:16 does not limit Scripture to just the Bible.
The Bible is a collection of scriptures.
How much clearer do you need it to be?
So is the Quran, the Book of Mormon, and the Hindu Vedas.
So what your point?
My correction to you about 2Tim 3:16 still applies.

Summary: 
The Bible is not the Word of God.
That’s not what the Bible says.
The Bible being an idol?
to believe in evolution is to go against the words of God.
The Bible is a collection of scriptures.
How many times has God been wrong?
And God has never been wrong.
The Bible doesn’t say how he created humans.
It IS the word of God.
&gt; do not be a fool.
You say this:

&gt;The Bible being an idol?
How does evolution go against Jesus?
how many times has God ever been wrong?
&gt; how many times have scientists been wrong?
The Bible doesn’t say HOW God created man.
The evidence is very weak.
&gt; The evidence is very weak.
Evolution goes against the Bible because in the Bible it says that God created man.
