Original Response: 
[removed]
The real issue here is how you both handle life differently.
Your fiance wants to help those he loves at any cost.
You see cost and consequence.
If you intend to marry him you will need to find a compromise that you both can live with.
I can guarantee this issue will always come up.
He wants to rescue people and all you see are the potential problems.
Don't try to view this as black and white.
Try to find the grey.
If you don't want to help people in any way then you may not be compatible.
Also reading between the lines a little here you seem to have it together a bit more than him.
If he wants to save the world he might need some help getting his life together first.
Then you might feel better about him helping others.
You might just be mad about him not making enough money or having a steady job and are just focusing on this sister issue instead.
I think you are probably correct.
How do I fix that issue though?
!
Figure out what you want from him and then come up with a plan to help him achieve it.
What do you want from him?
&gt;If he wants to save the world he might need some help getting his life together first.
OP is getting told that she is cold and what not.
But she is the breadwinner and effectively sponsoring her fiance.
He wants help his sis and thats truly noble but he has a family that has wants and needs too.
It is his responsibility to figure out how he can help his sister without it being an unreasonable extra burden for OP and his child, in terms of finances, privacy or chores.
She has her life together because her parents are letting her live rent free with them.
She's not really.
Someone went through her history and she's actually living rent and utilities free with her parents.
She's just a hypocrite.
OP it seems like you're mostly responding to posts that don't challenge your actions and decisions.
I don't think she is a hypocrite.
I think she is dreaming of a future where she is financially stable.
She is trying to be responsible and is worried that once she gets there she will have another mouth to feed.
The biggest problem is getting her and fiance on the same page.
I mean I am young and saving up to move out.
It’s not like I have been making lots of money for years?
I would Hardly call that hypocrisy actually.
I think they might be very young.
In fact, my parents are allowing me to.
Like good parents should.
I’m sorry not everyone has that, truly.
But I don’t think just because I did that I need to turn around and act like a parent to someone who is not my child.
She's a hypocrite.
She makes 100k a year and got where she got because mommy and daddy let her live expensive free with them.
But throws a tantrum at the idea of her fiance saving a couple bucks for his sister.
Why is she worthy of getting help.
But this girl isn't?
She's no better than her.
She's just a cold, selfish and hypocritical woman.
[deleted]
And an 18 year old abused girl isn't?
Why is it fine for her to live rent free on a combined 100k income.
But she gets to ride her high horse at the idea of her fiance saving some money to help his own neglected sister's education?
Why does she get to have help getting her life started but throws a baby tantrum at the idea of him doing the same for someone else?
She has 100k a year, no rent, no expense.
But her husband putting aside a couple hundreds fir his sister will take food from their daughter's mouth?
Op is just selfish.
No other word for it.
That is the issue.
Your fiance thinks that you should help others because you had help.
You think it is ok that you had help but don't think you should help others.
I am not sure that this will work ling term unless you do some sole searching and find out why you feel this way.
He is eventually going to look for someone whose views more closely align with his.
Hmm this does change my view tbh.
OP, you have kids right.
If one of them struggles in the future (and you guys have passed or cant help) wouldn’t you want their sibling to be there for them?
Within reason of course.. Rationally it is explainable that they dont have to help.
But if you have the means, it is so rewarding to help the people that you love.
And for the recipient it is great to have someone to support you, not bc they have to but out of love.
That new information sure does make it seem that way.
I really thought they were a couple of struggling kids.
Now I am starting to see the situation a little clearer.
As some one who never had any help I do not understand people like this.
I had the situation figured wrong.
I was trying to give her the benefit of doubt and now I am as annoyed as you.
I hope the fiance sees the light and finds someone kind.
Why do I need to provide for someone else just because my own parents helped me?
No it is not my other kids job to have to take care of their siblings.
They're also helping someone else's kid by letting your fiance and daughter live with them.
Even though I'm pretty sure your mom didn't give birth to them.
But of course that exception to the rule works for you doesn't it?
You're getting very personal with this.
I usually find that people who get very worked up over people not giving someone money are doing so, not because they would give money in the same situation, but because they expect others to do it for them.
And the idea that someone might refuse them makes them very angry.
well it is not her sister in law.
So I don’t think it’s the same, sorry.
No.
I'm callong out that she is a hypocrite that's fine getting help from other people but throws a tantrum at the idea of someome else doing the same for their family.
So you're young at 24 and deserve the help, but an 18 year old from an abusive home doesn't?
It's *complete* hypocrisy.
Thank you!!!
I cannot believe some of the comments I am getting here just because my own parents helped me?
!
Of course is not the same.
This helps you live rent free with mommy and daddy while looking down at people getting help from their own family.
That changes everything.
Because this benefits YOU.
Who said I am looking down on anyone?
I just don’t think I am responsible to help.
I think you are horrible.
Wtf?
She absolutely deserves help.
Why the hell does it have to be me??
Why am I responsible?
?
Because you are choosing to marry the closest thing to a caring, mature guardian she has.
&gt; Why the hell does it have to be me??
Why am I responsible??
...because you're apparently choosing to legally join finances with the person most trying to care for her?
&gt; and to be quite honest his sisters personality is exactly like his mothers and I don’t want to live with her.
Maybe she will better in 7 years, but it still doesn’t change my stance.
*You* do not have to be the one to help her, but you also do not get to tell your fiance that he cannot.
If him helping her is so damn intolerable to you then you need to break things off with him now.
I've said this in a comment elsewhere, but you are not ready to get married.
Marriage is about compromise, about making things that are a priority to your partner a priority to you too, about working together as a team to make sure both of you get your needs and priorities met.
If this thread shows anything at all it shows that you are not ready to make the sacrifices necessary to accomodate your fiances priorities and instead resort to verbally stamping your feet while whining "whyyyy meeee?!?!?!".
That kind of childish self-centeredness has no place in a marriage.
&gt; to have to take care of their siblings.
Why are you phrasing it as "have to"?
Is your husband acting like he doesn't have a choice here?
EDIT:

Also, I'm confused -- you have a 14-yo SD you brought into this relationship, and your SO apparently agreed to helping take care of her.
His sister is an 11-yo that it sounds like he is the best carer she has, since by your description the biomother does *not* -- essentially, a very similar arrangement.
What is so different about these in your head?
[removed]
No one is crapping on you because your parents are helping you.
People are crapping on you because you are willing to accept that help from your parents but are outraged at the very idea that you could do something similar to help your future sister in law.

Summary: 
I think you are horrible.
Why is she worthy of getting help.
I don't think she is a hypocrite.
I think they might be very young.
I just don’t think I am responsible to help.
You're getting very personal with this.
She's no better than her.
Your fiance thinks that you should help others because you had help.
I think you are probably correct.
What do you want from him?
No one is crapping on you because your parents are helping you.
Your fiance wants to help those he loves at any cost.
I had the situation figured wrong.
Why the hell does it have to be me??
Why do I need to provide for someone else just because my own parents helped me?
I cannot believe some of the comments I am getting here just because my own parents helped me?
Why are you phrasing it as "have to"?
But if you have the means, it is so rewarding to help the people that you love.
