Original Response: 
The folks who like Kaepernick are rushing to buy Nike products.
The folks who don't like Kaepernick will not buy Nike products when they otherwise would have.
The former materializes over the short term.
The latter materializes over the long term.
This surge is to be expected.
Whether this was a wise move from a business perspective is yet to be seen.
Let's see how sales are doing for Nike in 1 year and find out.
This is my exact take on it.
They wouldn't see the lack of sales instantly, but they do see the benefit of all the attention from a quick jump in sales.
I'll be shocked if this ends up being a sustained increase in sales.
Don't forget that history will look back favorably on the progressive social justice side in this whole saga.
Nike will look good for taking the stance that they did in the future.
Unless the country slips into a regressive social nightmare, which I won't discount as a possibility.
[deleted]
&gt; Let's see how sales are doing for Nike in 1 year and find out.
At the speed the news cycle is moving lately, how many people on either side will remember the ad in a year?
Right, because drawing attention to the police brutality against/unjust slaying of black Americans is something that future Americans will look down on.
The important thing is a song and the flag, not American lives.
/s.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Nike’s brand alone is worth $32 billion.
They’re not going anywhere.
Not even in the long term.
No one is going to remember any of this after 1 month.
Oh look a squirrel!
Ad campaigns can radically change the outcomes for a business.
[deleted]
Police brutality?
Why not focus on black/black crime?
Chicago?
What a joke.
Mike brown deserved to be shot.
The whole movement is a sham and acts as an excuse to be racist towards whites, and make excuses for the self-inflicted problems and issues that are actually holding back the African American community.
Education, job opportunity, 5x black crime, 70% growing up in a single parent household, etc.
Much easier to blame it on whitey.
I imagine the people who don't like Kaepernick are an incredibly small percentage of their customer base.
Old white people who buy discount shoes from Kohls or DSW are not people Nike cares about (nor should they).
Hey, that Beach Body ad that was ripped down a couple years ago still gets referenced every so often.
I guess Kaep didn't realize he needed to ask your permission before deciding what to protest.
"History will agree with me!"
- the post.
I don't think there's ever been a time in history where people looked fondly on their predecessors blind worship of a political symbol.
It almost always turns out to have been a really bad idea.
Its also entirely different groups of people, with the former filled with younger consumers that companies love to target.
This was a long term move as well.
People are so quick to say 'I'm right, therefore history will say I'm right, so why do you want to be on the wrong side of history?'
You don't know what the moral of the future will be like.
You just don't.
And regardless, there's still something that you're doing that history will look down upon you for.
For those reasons, fuck history.
Do what you think is right now.
[deleted]
So we're supposed to believe Chicago police reports about the cause of death of black males?
Whatever you say, buddy.
&gt; Police brutality?
Why not focus on black/black crime?
Allow me to break down what you suggest in a neutral manner to point out how non-nonsensical that was:

"Group A's problems shouldn't be addressed/improved because Group B has problems too!"
So tell me, why wouldn't we want to improve both!
?
Police killing people for literally no reason is a problem right?
You would agree that's wrong right?
Or are you suggesting stuff like the [Philando Castile]
(https://www.cnn.com/2017/06/20/us/philando-castile-shooting-dashcam/index.html) incident should be allowed to continue?
How do you not want to take a stand against stuff like this?
[Let me guess, these folks are your heroes.
](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/liberapedia/images/6/64/Littlerock.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100718153514)
So I saw the video, and I don't think the police officer was being racist.
It appears he actually thought Philando was pulling out the gun and had to react as if his own life was in danger, which believed it was.
Maybe from the girl's perspective, she could clearly see what Philando was reaching for, but the policeman can't.
I don't think he did anything wrong.
no I don't support Riot executives.
&gt; Mike brown deserved to be shot.
How about [Philando Castile](https://www.cnn.com/2017/06/20/us/philando-castile-shooting-dashcam/index.html)?
[Patrick Harmon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killing_of_Patrick_Harmon)?
[Sandra Bland](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Sandra_Bland)?
[Anthony Hill](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shooting_of_Anthony_Hill)?
Tell me you think all these people should have been shot/arrested and I'll be happy to offer more, but I'll point out that even the police department determined that Castile's murder was wrong.
The cause isn't about fixing all the problems plaguing black Americans, it's a specific cause about a very specific documented problem.
Should we not want to fix one problem because there's four, five, twenty other problems that also need to be dealt with?
Are you so opposed to progress that if we can't make it perfect we shouldn't at least try to make it better?
When the crime is 5x higher, there are going to be more confrontations with police.
There are some shitty/bad cops out there and in a country of 300,000,000 people there are going to be mistakes.
It’s hardly systematic and is a drop in the bucket compared to the actual problems that cause the pain and struggle facing the community.
Time to look in the mirror.
Maybe he really thought that, and you're entitled to your opinion.
But I'll point out that his partner at the scene doesn't agree with you.
His police department didn't support him either.
He was wrong and he's since been fired from the department.
He also lied about why he thought the guy was a danger.
He testified that Castile fit the description of a suspect from a robbery, but the officers didn't conduct the stop as though they suspected Castile of being the wanted suspect.
This information comes from his trial.
Nevertheless, the officer* wasn't punished by a jury.
This isn't the only case.
Laquon McDonald in Chicago is another big case involving an officer just walking up and shooting a guy who wasn't an immediate danger.
The officer is in prison now, but the other officers who filed false reports directly contradicted by video from the scene got off scot free.
There's an issue here that needs to be addressed and that's what the movement is about.
The vast majority of Trump's supporters are poor white Americans... who represent neither Nike's existing customer base, nor the young audience Nike hopes to make into new and loyal customers.
This was a calculated move spearheaded by a very intelligent marketing team.
Your move... Reebok.
They can, but it depends on the business and the ad campaign.
They're more likely to do that with a radical new product then  something like this.
It absolutely is a problem and our prison populations show how systemic it actually is.
Just because they're not all being killed doesn't mean police conduct isn't an issue.
Chicago PD recently caught some shit for assisting in setting out a bait truck in front of a basketball court on the south side of Chicago.
The purpose was to lure black kids, teens, etc.
into stealing shoes out of a truck and then arrest them.
So you have a policy in place to lure a kid into a trap, give them a record at a young age when they're far from fully matured, and you set them up for a life time of problems with the legal system.
Not so easy to get a job when you're poor and have a record.
Meanwhile, the kid, teen, etc.
will be back out on the street in six months tops, so you haven't done anything to really solve the problem long term.
Just continued the cycle of issues that plague the poorest parts of our cities.
Great job, Chicago PD!
&gt;The vast majority of Trump's supporters are poor white Americans

I know a lot of people believe this, but personally I don't believe that it is true, nor a fair representation of well over 100 million people.
My whole life I have worked around, and with small businesses, and small business owners.
The majority of them in the last 2.5 - 3 years largely voted for Trump.
And the majority of those Trump voters were afraid of "coming out" because they feared social/professional ostracization.
I know someone will be like "yea but they deserve that.
Trump is a Nazi racist bigot homophobic sexist and by extension you are also if you voted for him."
But that line of thinking is still something I have witnessed to be more of a, lets say, moral panic than an accurate representation of reality.
More people than I thought who voted for Trump, once voted for Obama too.
I really think that there are millions of people, enough to sway an election, willing to forgo party lines in hopes of...hope and change, or in this case, something new.
Our prison systems have more blacks because they’re committing more crimes.
Just because the shoes happened to be cop’s shoes doesn’t make it not a crime.
Actions have consequences.
If you really want to stop the cycle of African American imprisonment start with socioeconomics.
Lack of jobs/opportunity, poverty, growing up in single parent households and this victim attitude where ‘every shortcoming of the community is due to white people or police.’

Do you know who I blame when shoes get stolen?
The person stealing the fucking shoes.
&gt; Our prison systems have more blacks because they’re committing more crimes

Maybe, but they're also being charged/prosecuted at an inordinate rate compared to other races.
For example, bicycle related ticketing in Chicago.
[The differences among neighborhoods are extreme — the majority-black and low-income community of North Lawndale had the most bike tickets, with 397, while just five tickets were issued in majority-white and affluent Lincoln Park, where cycling is very popular.
](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/columnists/wisniewski/ct-met-bike-tickets-getting-around-20180211-story.html) I can tell you from experience that just as many people are riding on the sidewalk in Lincoln Park as anywhere else in the city.
&gt; start with socioeconomics

That's a great place to start.
One way to help is to stop putting out bait trucks in front of kids and trying to trick them into falling into the legal system.
That's the socio part for you.
&gt; Do you know who I blame when shoes get stolen?
Do you know who I blame when we're stuck in a never ending cycle of poverty &gt; crime &gt; poverty &gt; crime?
The people forcing the cycle to continue with shitty policy.
I’m not familiar with the discrepancy in bike ticketing.
There could be lots of reason why.
Racism could be one of them, could not be.
Have you ever had your shoes stolen?
I have.
It’s fucking annoying.
Not enforcing crime laws doesn’t make crime ‘go away’ .
It’s sad these kids end up in the system.
The solution is to stop them from breaking the law, not to stop enforcing it.
Once again, people break the law and you blame the cops for doing their job and enforcing the rules that everyone knows.
There are a lot of families with kids that won’t be buying the shoes.
Yup, lots of hard working families with kids in grade school that will look at other brands.
These are the middle America folks that watch a lot of football and baseball.
I live in a small town.
Nobody wants anything to do with Nike at the moment.
They won’t forget for the next 5 years because it’s burned in their brains.
Short term gains and long term downward trends.
This is pure hubris and classism.
The real question is, of the people who don't like Kaepernick, how many would have bought Nike products anyway?
I dont know a single person who really gives a fuck about this.
It's manufactured outrage.
All this talk is essentially free advertising and people who couldn't be bothered to go to a nike store google it and some of that converts to sales.
&gt; I’m not familiar with the discrepancy in bike ticketing.
There could be lots of reason why.
Racism could be one of them, could not be.
397 v. 5.
There could be a number of reasons, but there's definitely a difference in enforcement of the same law in two different parts of the city.
One happens to be vast majority white and the other happens to be vast majority black.
&gt; Once again, people break the law and you blame the cops for doing their job and enforcing the rules that everyone knows.
Bait trucks aren't about stopping people from breaking the law though.
They're specifically creating a condition where a law could be broken and trying to get the people to break the law so they can arrest them.
It doesn't stop crime from happening because the people committing the small crime don't stay locked away where we'll never see them again.
They'll be right back out in public and now it'll be hard from them to ever get out of the cycle of poverty that led them to want to steal shoes in the first place.
why do people (such as yourself) feel the need to make such a goofy comment?
I give a fuck.
I think Mr. Kaepernick is unjustly protesting, and I think he played a strong role in the politicization of the NFL.
Personally, I think the politicization of our sports is a terrible thing for America.
I think he was right to be collectively fired by the various NFL teams, and I don't support Nike using him as a spokesperson.
But they have every right to do this, as I have every right to stop buying Nike, stop watching the NFL, and stop watching ESPN.
395-5 tickets for bike riding- ‘the cops and/white people’s fault’

500% more likely to get murdered by a black man than any other race- ‘the cops/ white people’s fault’

Black teens are getting arrested because they’re stealing shoes from a bait car- ‘cops/white people’s fault that they had shoes in the open.’


Honest question: Is there a single scenario to you where the black community is responsible for their actions?
Or do you think the plight of the community is entirely the police and white people’s fault?
Jobs.
Education.
Getting out of poverty and not having kids out of wedlock is going to go a hell of a lot farther than you calling police racist all day for enforcing the law.
&gt; 395-5 tickets for bike riding- ‘the cops and/white people’s fault’

That's a crazy one to try to support your side with.
&gt; 500% more likely to get murdered by a black man than any other race

[That's not the case, you mixed up the number of people killed and the percentage of probability.
](https://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-09-29/race-and-homicide-in-america-by-the-numbers) In fact, white on white killings is far more common than black on white.
&gt; Is there a single scenario to you where the black community is responsible for their actions?
Absolutely.
I agree that the kids shouldn't be stealing out of the truck.
They're breaking the law.
The people in North Lawndale shouldn't be riding on the sidewalk.
They're breaking the law.
Every time someone breaks the law knowingly they're at fault (ignorance of the law is no excuse, so I'm wrong, but at the same time I think my disagreement is sometimes warranted).
It's the unequal treatment and excessive abuse that I take issue with.
&gt; Jobs.
Education.
Getting out of poverty and not having kids out of wedlock is going to go a hell of a lot farther than you calling police racist all day for enforcing the law.
True again.
But I've pointed out to you several times how the unequal treatment by the law has made it difficult for the youngest members of our poverty stricken communities to ever get a chance and avoid the cycle of violence/crime/poverty that's making life for everyone that much harder in cities like Chicago.
I've extended my hand across the aisle and agreed with you on obvious issues.
Are you able to do the same?
I just had a stroke.
Sources of your claims to long term damage?
Edit: people want imperical evidence get down voted?
Ok.
The people Nike cares about are located in China, now.
China sales are _ridiculous_ compares to domestic.
The NFL is down to its lowest ratings in 10 years.
People care.
It supports their narrow worldview with a self created delusion.
perhaps, but there's a yuge difference between "people who voted for trump" and "trump supporters."
Possibly but it’s definitely multifactorial.
Much more entertainment options available,  people tuning out due to concussions, etc.
Definitely can’t help viewership.
Exactly.
I live in a very if not the most conservative state.
I know of maybe one rich educated staunch Trump supporter.
All the other very conservative rich people I know voted for Trump but I would not call them his base.
Just my anecdotal experience but I think it’s highly reflective of reality.
Dude, why cure colon cancer when we haven’t cured breast cancer?
[Nike’s plan to focus on 12 Key Cities in its Consumer Direct Offense:  New York, London, Shanghai, Beijing, Los Angeles, Tokyo, Paris, Berlin, Mexico City, Barcelona, Seoul, and Milan.These are the places the company predicts will generate over 80% of Nike’s projected growth through 2020.
](https://www.forbes.com/sites/pamdanziger/2017/06/19/nike-to-stay-out-in-front-with-biggest-data-of-all-demographics/)
The second assumption is pretty big.
Nike has fallen way behind in capturing a younger market.
Kaep has given them that opportunity.
Their main goal is to capture the same market as Adidas or Puma, who have done everything in their power to market their brand to younger folk.
I disagree.
That specific market isn’t buying goods based on ad campaigns or political movements.
They’re buying whatever is cheapest.
[deleted]
It’s hard to look at the last 100 years and argue that progressives have not been on the right side of it time after time.
You know the average trump voter makes more money than the average hillary supporter by about $10k?
https://www.google.com/amp/s/fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-mythology-of-trumps-working-class-support/amp/
The average income of trump supporters in the primaries was $72k.
Survivorship bias.
Only the good ideas were kept, there’s plenty of dead liberal ideas and liberalism gone amuck (communism).
Without conservatives keeping progressivism in check it’s like a cancer.
You need balance.
I would be curious to see that data broken out by age.
If older voters go for a candidate, this will always skew the median income much higher.
&gt;The NFL is down to its lowest ratings in 10 years.
Football sucks.
It couldn't possibly be because football sucks and we as a nation now have better shit to do than watching the highest advertising density in the history of creation while some millionaires roll around in the grass chasing a ball as a side Hustle.
The data doesn’t back up the argument that blacks are killed by cops at a higher rate than whites.
“The new research offers some support for the narratives of American policemen and women, who maintain that in encounters with those suspected of wrongdoing, they do not discriminate by race or ethnicity.
The new findings are also consistent with simulation studies, which show that police officers are no more likely to fire their weapons on an unarmed black person than they are on an unarmed white person.”
http://www.latimes.com/science/sciencenow/la-sci-sn-cops-race-injury-20160725-snap-story.html.
That's a broadly-based statistic.
Wonder what the numbers are just for small towns like OP's.
Historically in a beneficial way, though.
Good ads define a company for years (Apple, Nike, etc).
Bad ads get an apology, a quick pull, and are forgotten about.
I can’t think of a single ad that destroyed a company.
I can name several that made one.
You have to be correct because we buy all of our clothes at Walmart.
/s.
In one year the protesters will have forgotten about the outrage when it’s no longer cool or too tiring to boycott the brand that sponsored the kneeling athlete, and they go back to wearing their Js and working out in Nike wear.
Meanwhile, Nike would have gained quite a few fans for taking a popular but controversial stance and will have new loyal customers who remember them for their moral courage.
Pretty sure it’s a net victory long run, but now we know it also worked in the short run.
Eugenics.
Prohibition of Alcohol was also heavily favored by progressives like William Jennings Bryan, and he was a noteable activist against the theory of evolution.
*Curb Your Enthusiasm music and credits play*
The article is broken out by primary candidates, and Bernie and Hillary are tied with the same income.
The narrative that trump supporters are dumb and poor is wrong.
They are just dumb, but they work for the most part.
Dems voters are typically on government assistance or young, both of which don’t make a lot of money and why socialist programs sound so good to them.
I get that, but what I'm saying is that there is the possibility of two separate demographics of trump voters, and age May split that into something more granular.
If you have one old dude that makes 10mil/year and 99 cousin fucking inbreds of prime child rearing age making 10,000/year, that one old dude will still skew your median income quite high even though the circumstances of your average voter are still shit.
You’ll be able to give some examples then?
If it were cancer it would be killing stuff.
Grab squirrels by the nuts.
Yeah, but at the same time Silicon Valley is almost all Democrats, and plenty of other millionaires.
We all want trump supporters to be dumb poor rednecks, but it’s just not the truth.
Just like democrats aren’t all on welfare and having more kids just to not work.
&gt;Don't forget that history will look back favorably on the progressive social justice side in this whole saga.
Your side doesn't even reproduce, so who exactly do you expect to write this history "*Victor*"?
You’re assuming that humans are perfectly rational people.
In my opinion, customer experience trumps any boycott.
As long as you have positive customer experience,  an advert won’t be enough to swap that positive experience for an unknown experience with another brand.
People said they were going to boycott IPhones back when we discovered that these shiny babies were manufactured under something synonymous with slave labour in China.
Today apple is a trillion dollar company.
Nike sales will fall when they stop satisfying consumer requirements, or when they push an Ad glorifying Hitler and the KKK.
Until then, someone like Colin is not nearly hated enough to disrupt sales in my opinion.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Remember all the controversy about [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nike\_sweatshops](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nike_sweatshops)?
Yeah, most consumers don't.
I’m talking about purchasing behavior though, not income.
Obviously, Nike seems to think some of their higher end products will be more appealing with this campaign.
I’m talking sneaker heads spending a lot of cash on high margin shoes and millennials looking for athletic-wear for their yoga studio.
This shit means a lot to that market.
rip them then.
[deleted]
Ratings have been dropping for years, now.
The Kaep thing didn't help, but you assume that all of the people who have stopped watching don't support him.
A lot of the folks who are protesting the NFL now are doing it because of the way Kaep has been treated and the way the NFL has been threatening players to stand during the anthem or face punishment.
It cuts both ways.
That's a pretty good point, I didn't even consider how all the cord cutting among younger people might be affecting ratings.
You think only gay people like making everyone's lives better?
That's what progress is pal.
Okay, so shouldn't white people be pissed too?
I am.
I'm white.
We have a cop problem that other first world countries don't.
&gt;You think only gay people

LOL you think a sexual orientation sets a political position?
Democrats are born that way?
Really hope you didn't hurt yourself tilting at that windmill at the speed you were going at it.
Now go back and read what I said again:

&gt;&gt;Your side doesn't even reproduce, so who exactly do you expect to write this history "*Victor*"?
I said nothing about sex, orientation, gender, etc.
I spoke only of birthrates.
Go do a comparison of birthrates and fertility by Left and Right.
It's not even close.
The Left doesn't have any skin in the game.
They have no investment in this future they expect vindication from.
Meanwhile those on the Right are the ones having families and raising the next generation.
They are the ones whose progeny will inherit, will write the histories.
The Right is putting their words to actions and creating the future.
That's the key: The future belongs to those who show up.
Ah okay, your initial position was as opaque as it was rude.
So forgive my misunderstanding.
In any case, as long as your side's young continue to seek to become better informed and educated in this information age we find ourselves in, there'll be more of your young joining the left side than left children moving to the right side.
Church membership is dropping ya'll.
Cities are growing.
Texas is going to be majority blue in a few years, maybe a decade courtesy of California transplants.
Sure.
We have a “cops shoot too many people” problem, but we don’t have a “racist cops disproportionately shoot black people” problem.
This is why I have a hard time supporting Kap and his movement.
He’s deliberately confusing the issue in order to drive his narrative.
I agree it’s a good bet.
It’s still a shit campaign though... kaep is the one who quit on a $14.5M contract and turned down other offers.
some people that describe themselves as progressive had some bad ideas - its not the same.
[No true scotsman](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progressive_Era)
I gave an example in my comment (Communism).
Liberals are for change, but not all change is good.
Other examples are open borders policies in Europe which are creating significant ethnic tensions (just read /r/Europe).
&amp;#x200B;

You're also incorrect to conflate modern progressivism with classical liberalism.
They are different beasts entirely, many modern progressives want to roll back traditional jurisprudence because it is "patriarchy" or "white supremacist" (just another example).
&amp;#x200B;

Centrists (like myself) want to prune the bad liberal ideas while keeping the good ones.
The NFL mishandled this situation to the point that both sides have called for boycotts of the NFL.
This also isn't the only scandal driving fans away.
Their mishandling of CTE concerns and players domestic violence scandals hasn't helped their image either.
I don’t understand what Kaep’s contract situation has anything to do with the ad campaign....
That he didn’t sacrifice his career like everyone thinks.
Not to mention Eugenics and Prohibition.
pretty sure this "outrage" is incredibly minimal and just being pumped by media for political reasons... but even more likely by Nike for publicity.
This The sell a damn good product.
I had to wear canvas All Stars back in the day.
Why anybody my age that ever played sports has no kneecaps.
Nike, Under Armor and Riddell football helmets are a gift from God.
Mmm nothing more American than making racial tensions worse just for political or financial reasons.
Surely we’re smart enough to see past this regardless of which side we’re on, right guys?
Blaming those speaking out against bigotry for making it worse...how original.
Nike _used_ to sell a great product.
Product quality in recent years has declined drastically.
Yes...
Nothing says standing against bigotry like a multi national conglomerate earning tens of billions... Paying someone who doesn't even play anymore tens of millions...
Trying to sell products for hundreds... That are made by people in poverty for pennies.
That’s an impressive performance but none of that makes them to blame for your racism.
You must think this is /r/politics where you can just call people names and not provide an actual rebuttal.
I'm not a huge fan of him but I just bought Nikes today soooo.
Right, I mean I stand with Kaep (though I'm pretty ready for the story to die down), but I just haven't been seeing the outrage.
Like any really.
But everyone's talking about them.
[deleted]
Think you misread my comment.
I’m saying that about the use of the media to pump the outrage side of it for political or economic reasons.
I’m not saying that about the ad campaign, though I will say with certainty was a very calculated move with eyes on dollar signs through increased volatility and pandering toward your target customer base.
Though I do not blame them for pumping out an attempt at a positive and important message and in fact support that effort.
Even if it seems to have made things worse because the consequences of the first paragraph outweigh any gains from the second paragraph.
So you’re a racist if you didn’t run out in the last week and buy a pair of Nikes?
By god, who even needs to try marketing anymore when customers are so perfectly brainwashed?
Grow up little boy.
No you’re a racist if you spew that kind of “this is what causes racism and makes race relations worse” crap.
Now go fuck off.
No you insufferable windbag, it didn’t make things worse.
Donald Trump made things worse.
The reactionaries and racists made things worse.
They deserve all the blame, not Kaepernick and not Nike.
The people flocking to your comment because they think you’re validating their bigoted reactions are the problem.
And as long as you keep talking this way, so are you.
No need for insults when you’re trying to have a productive conversation - it’s also a bit off-brand and hypocritical with the points you’re trying to make considering I’ve done or said nothing inappropriate or offensive to anyone.
Anyone flocking to my comment because they think I’m promoting or validating racism is misinterpreting my statements and I shouldn’t be criticized for that.
I work in strategic consulting for major corporations and have sat in rooms where we’ve created strategies exactly like the one Nike has done here.
If you think Nike’s decision to run this ad was even .01% based on being social heroes, then you are very naive.
Nike cares about one thing here: their bottom line.
This ad campaign was very calculated, very low-risk, and filled with upside.
As for Kaepernick, he may have great intentions.
He also may have been someone who realized he was no longer going to be a starting QB anywhere (pre-kneeling) and wanted to do something to stay relevant.
I have no idea what influenced his decisions or how involved he’s been on the strategic side of everything, either way he’s getting a very nice payout while most people in his shoes per-kneel would’ve been lost in the irrelevance after their professional careers completely fell off.
And no, don’t try telling me that he was still a great player at the peak of his career like the picture that some people who have never watched an NFL game like to paint.
As for the media and the social influencers, I do indeed think that they have painted a very very inflated picture by pushing out the few videos of people burning Nike product in reaction to the campaign.
They’ve managed to create a picture that “white people are against Nike because of this campaign.” Just because a couple of extremists decided to do something to get on camera themselves.
That is my biggest issue with everything here.
It’s not a fair representation of the reality of how 90%+ of people are thinking, yet it’s the only side of the white reaction that the media pumps out.
This creates tension, hatred, and arguments against people who don’t share that thinking and it’s exclusively because of the picture that the media has decided to paint here.
This is not the first time they’ve controlled a social narrative and it certainly won’t be the last.
And they also have a motive to do exactly that: volatility.
When society is more volatile, the people are more likely to track the news and give them clicks and reads to see what the latest thing or group of people to hate is.
To my original point, it’s time to wake up and smell the coffee here and stop letting ad campaigns, politicians, news outlets, or corporate strategies influence the way that people view others before they even have a chance to get to the table to have a conversation.
You opening your responses with insults is certainly never going to help anyone have a productive conversation that actually can drive us all together forward.
Ah, I understand now.
Your problem is reading comprehension.
The original comment never said that the ad campaign is responsible for worsening race relations, so you're arguing against a comment that only exists in your head.
Aww, nothing but an angry downvote?
You were so full of manufactured outrage before!
Says the person who can only seem to call people names.
You’ve been at this for about 24 hours now.
Take your brigadiers back to The_D where you belong.
Excuse me one year club I've been subscribed to this subreddit for years longer than you've had an account.
LOL I meant you’ve been obsessively following me for a whole day now trying to pick a fight, which is absurd.
I don’t care how long you’ve been redditing pffff.
Following you?
Huh?
Do you mean replying to your comments in this thread?
Dude, you are autistic or have mental issues.... Seek help.
This article is misleading.
[Nike's online sales increased 31%](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nikes-online-sales-jumped-31-after-company-unveiled-kaepernick-campaign-2018-09-07?mod=MW_home_top_stories).
The article implies that total sales increased that much.
Exactly, and it’s only an estimate (right?)
Their total sales could still be down.
It’s too soon to tell.
The estimate part isn't what irks me.
It's the fact that even if it was online and in store it's still such a short time frame.
This is an advertising campaign that will impact Nike for years to come.
It's only been a few weeks.
The real proof in the pudding will be whether those who agree with the message continue to buy and will surpass those who will no longer buy and will boycott.
I wish they'd do an ad about how my Nikes got mildly wet detailing cars so I tossed them in the dryer on an air cycle and the front half of the soles came off so I had to Gorilla glue them back but now they are a little weird and how that never happens with any other sneaker I own.
But why would retail sales drop when online sales are rising?
It's Nike.
I'm sure their online sales are pretty significant.
Tends to happen when a six year old makes your shoes.
Also, curious to know what the standard deviation of Nike sales is week over week, especially after a knew ad campaign.
The norm could be 50% increase in the first 2-3 weeks after, making this a loss of 19%.
Stats can be used to deceive folks.
Their stock declined which means the money is betting it wasn’t a smart long term move.
Remains to be seen.
Maybe we need a campaign to get them to hire better six year olds.
Their stock dropped 3% and is now trading slightly below its all time high.
China isn’t sending its best child slaves....
I agree that overall sales are also increasing, but [online sales are a fraction of overall sales](www.digitalcommerce360.com/2017/06/30/nike-reaches-2-billion-online-sales/amp).
31% of 2 billion is much less than 31% of 34 billion.
I can't wait to see how overall sales will increase, but the article is misleading.
That's all.
Was that GLOBAL sales or for any particular country???
What about RETURNS??
?
No, they need to procure better glue from the glue sniffing six year olds.
The money is betting against the whole market segment.
Adidas and Under Armour have also dropped over the same period.
If Nike stock was dropping because the ad was seen as mistake that would drive consumer business to competitors, then competitor's stock should have been rising.

Summary: 
I just had a stroke.
I don't think he did anything wrong.
I spoke only of birthrates.
Do what you think is right now.
I agree it’s a good bet.
The people Nike cares about are located in China, now.
I live in a small town.
no I don't support Riot executives.
I can name several that made one.
I know someone will be like "yea but they deserve that.
I live in a very if not the most conservative state.
I gave an example in my comment (Communism).
&gt; Do you know who I blame when shoes get stolen?
The folks who like Kaepernick are rushing to buy Nike products.
"History will agree with me!"
The person stealing the fucking shoes.
Police killing people for literally no reason is a problem right?
Think you misread my comment.
I agree that the kids shouldn't be stealing out of the truck.
I can’t think of a single ad that destroyed a company.
This is why I have a hard time supporting Kap and his movement.
Ratings have been dropping for years, now.
Okay, so shouldn't white people be pissed too?
It's only been a few weeks.
[Nike's online sales increased 31%](https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nikes-online-sales-jumped-31-after-company-unveiled-kaepernick-campaign-2018-09-07?mod=MW_home_top_stories).
You think only gay people like making everyone's lives better?
They deserve all the blame, not Kaepernick and not Nike.
why do people (such as yourself) feel the need to make such a goofy comment?
You don't know what the moral of the future will be like.
Exactly, and it’s only an estimate (right?)
The folks who don't like Kaepernick will not buy Nike products when they otherwise would have.
There could be lots of reason why.
Let's see how sales are doing for Nike in 1 year and find out.
I dont know a single person who really gives a fuck about this.
some people that describe themselves as progressive had some bad ideas - its not the same.
More people than I thought who voted for Trump, once voted for Obama too.
This The sell a damn good product.
&gt; Let's see how sales are doing for Nike in 1 year and find out.
I know of maybe one rich educated staunch Trump supporter.
The NFL is down to its lowest ratings in 10 years.
You would agree that's wrong right?
The people forcing the cycle to continue with shitty policy.
The latter materializes over the long term.
Nike _used_ to sell a great product.
So I saw the video, and I don't think the police officer was being racist.
The narrative that trump supporters are dumb and poor is wrong.
This is an advertising campaign that will impact Nike for years to come.
Not even in the long term.
Says the person who can only seem to call people names.
The people in North Lawndale shouldn't be riding on the sidewalk.
Nike will look good for taking the stance that they did in the future.
The Kaep thing didn't help, but you assume that all of the people who have stopped watching don't support him.
Nike cares about one thing here: their bottom line.
I imagine the people who don't like Kaepernick are an incredibly small percentage of their customer base.
The people flocking to your comment because they think you’re validating their bigoted reactions are the problem.
This isn't the only case.
Bait trucks aren't about stopping people from breaking the law though.
I would be curious to see that data broken out by age.
That he didn’t sacrifice his career like everyone thinks.
The solution is to stop them from breaking the law, not to stop enforcing it.
This was a long term move as well.
Time to look in the mirror.
Edit: people want imperical evidence get down voted?
All the other very conservative rich people I know voted for Trump but I would not call them his base.
The former materializes over the short term.
The average income of trump supporters in the primaries was $72k.
The reactionaries and racists made things worse.
