Original Response: 
All this anti vax nonsense hurts my head, you have to really suck at basic research to buy into this.
[deleted]
Can you not keep yourself from posting and clicking or what?
Like, you see a thread you don't agree with but you'll subject yourself to it anyway?
What?
So you can complain that people may feel differently than you?
Are you not in control of yourself or what?
I'm in total control hence the post, all this anti vax stuff is actually dangerous so yeah people really should call people out on it when it comes up.
It's not like enjoying different tv shows this actually has repercussions for people.
I'll call out anti vaxxers out forever just like i'll call out racism whenever possible.
No.
We're complaining that you anti-vax numbnuts are risking pandemic disease because you have a 'feeling' that something is 'fishy.'
If you wanted to left alone to 'feel differently'  - pick a conspiracy theory to champion that doesn't threaten the health of other people.
What I don't understand is people that don't trust the government at all, and think it's  incredibly evil and corrupted still get vaccines.
Lol it fucking baffles me.
Like you distrust everything they say but you willingly go in to get a shot of unknown substances directly into your bloodstream.
Also there's literally 100s of testimonies from parents who were extremely pro vaccine that changed their stance because their children got really fucked up from them.
[removed]
people don't have feelings they look at facts and  read the science.
HUNDREDS?
JESUS why isn't this blowing up on our country of 300 million and planet of 7 billion?
!
[removed]
Why does every doctor have to be an evil goverment agent?
I'm no doctor but I know a few that actually have a really good understanding of how it all works and whats actually in vaccines.
You can find 1000's of examples of papers/testimonies written about vaccines working.
I can also find 100's of testimonies from people supporting the flat earth theory too so that's why it's good to look at the actual science.
I dont really trust the goverment but I do trust that at least a good deal of medical professionals care at least somewhat.
I only know 1 anti vaxxer (friend of a friend) and he refuses his kid for almost every medical treatment, the kid is sickly as hell and I dont think it's a coincidence.
[deleted]
[removed]
&gt;  I'm so fucking sick of hearing about him all the time on this sub

Followed by 

&gt; there's all these horrible atrocities being done on a daily basis by our own government

Hmmmm.
Feel free to never show up in this sub again, please.
Feel free to not reproduce for the good of mankind.
What?
Who?
Who didn't get their vaccine and is at risk??
Not you right?
What large group of unvaccinated people are just cowering in the corner trying not to come into contact with "anti-vaxers"?
If such a sensitive group exists, should you not be bitching at them to protect themselves and get their shot?
Then they would be protected right?
There are lots of people out there who are unvaccinated, why don't you go and seek them out and drag them in?
How can a pandemic possibly occur?
If it can happen it already would have by that logic.
That brings me to my next point, why automatically ASSume that I am your dirty little word?
That quite the black and white comparison.
Racism and anti-vaccine people are the same?
Do you think that the government is synonymous with Trump or something?
Is this really how dumb people are now?
Jesus Christ I miss the Reddit from 6 years ago.
It's not the same of course but the anti vaccine movement and racism are both dangerous.
Removed.
Rule 10.
Really?
Remove it for calling him a dipshit, but don't remove his which was pretty much calling me a trump troll.
Great enforcement of a rule.
At least it will only be us anti vaxers that die in the pandemic then all you pro vaxers will be safe one again.
Username checks out.
It's a funny thing when someone on the anti vax side tries to insult someone's intelligence.
It appears that there's not much intelligence to insult.
People with your mentality are the real danger.
Ha keep trying man.
Honestly it's like a flat earther calling me out for dodgy science, it has zero effect.
Anyway enjoy contracting the bubonic plauge or some other medieval disease.
Brilliant.
Managed to squeeze flat earth in there too.
Is there a vaccine for bubonic plague?
I think you'd better speak to your doctor at your next booster visit as that's one I think you've definitely missed.
Keep upholding herd immunity.
They're wildly different.
Socially racism can be combated.
Anti-vaccine as you call it, is a total reduction in the trust in the industry itself given the lives lost and the hidden ways they use to get around the system itself.
Ffs, a man who patented a vaccine got on the board of the CDC and  rubber stamped his own patent, and then went back to his company and racked in 40 mil or so dollars.
What more of a revolving door do you need?
There's plenty of evidence that tells us that vaccines do good and I've yet to see any to suggest otherwise.
Just because one guy was a shit and wanted to make some money it doesn't mean the entire process is wrong.
Like I said I have family in the medical field that actually understand the process, I'm no doctor but  I know and trust some of these people so i have to laugh when people say it's all a big conspiracy.
You'll have to do better than anicdotal evidence.

Summary: 
Racism and anti-vaccine people are the same?
Is this really how dumb people are now?
People with your mentality are the real danger.
So you can complain that people may feel differently than you?
people don't have feelings they look at facts and  read the science.
Who didn't get their vaccine and is at risk??
Is there a vaccine for bubonic plague?
It's not the same of course but the anti vaccine movement and racism are both dangerous.
I'm no doctor but I know a few that actually have a really good understanding of how it all works and whats actually in vaccines.
It's not like enjoying different tv shows this actually has repercussions for people.
Feel free to not reproduce for the good of mankind.
