Original Response: 
I suffer from endometriosis (for those who don’t know what it is, basically I’m in a huge amount of pain at least once a month) and ended up staying home today instead of going to work.
My boyfriend came home during lunch (works nearby) and when he saw me home, he started accusing me that I just wanted a day off, that I’m a liar, and ‘every female gets their period’.
At first, I was laughing because he has a jokester way about the way he delivers things but then I got visibly upset because the insults weren’t stopping and he told me to “shut up”.
I got serious and told him that this wasn’t on and that I’m actually hurting and he walked out on me, slamming the door behind.
The whole incident made me feel alone, unsupported, and like he basically didn’t care about my feelings at all.
I am not a dramatic person and almost always brush things off but I just couldn’t with this.
I text him and told him why it upset me and he sent back texts that read -

"You need to cut it out"
"Will you relax"
"I can't even make a joke now"
"If you can’t take a joke, that’s your problem"
"I don't need the attitude"

I literally cannot talk to him about the situation and it’s making me think twice about the kind of person I’m with (there have been many other ‘careless’ incidents).
Am I overreacting?
Any advice?
TL;DR - Took a day off work, boyfriend accused me of being a liar, and made me feel even more shit for defending myself

————————————

EDIT:

Thank you so much for all the support, guys.
As someone mentioned, it actually seems a bit odd to me that strangers care more than my own boyfriend.
I’m going to be honest - Am I going to break up with him over this today?
No, because I’ve been subjected to much worse; this was just the pressing issue I had time to write about while I had the day off.
All the comments however are an eye opener to how much better I deserve and I will try build the courage to speak to family/ friends (those I have left) to gain the strength to leave.
I also just realised I don’t communicate with him effectively because I can’t communicate with him - I’m scared of his reactions, which are always over the top.
And I’ve gone to extreme lengths to cover up bullshit up to avoid exactly this, which has subsequently affected my character and I now have a skewed perception of trust/ how others treat me.
He also makes it quite apparent he dislikes my family.
Sorry for the rambling...
Still trying to process everything because as hard as it may be for someone else to understand, this honestly feels like I’ve just taken the blind fold off.
Does he even know what endometriosis is?!
This is the spiel I use (word for word).
Every time I tell this story to people the horror on their faces stops their ignorant bulls*t. Try it, if it doesnt work on your boyfriend maybe you can use it in the future with someone else.
He needs to understand that endometriosis isnt just a "painful period."
It's satanic bloody glue that ACTUALLY made me lose bowel function for 6 years and forced me onto a disability pension.
"So you know how a uterus works right?
(Here most men will say no).
So every month the uterus grows a lining that basically acts as a soft squishy pillow for a baby if you get pregnant.
If you don't get pregnant then the lining is shed and regrows the next month.
Endometriosis is when the lining of the uterus grows outside of the uterus.
So for me it grows on my intestines, one of my ovaries and my abdominal wall.
But it behaves like normal uterine tissue.
Every month it sheds but it has nowhere to go so I pretty much bleed internally for a week.
Constant internal bleeding can cause adhesions or scar tissue that bind your organs to one another, cysts and infertility.
There's also no cure.
It can be cut out in surgery but it just grows back after a couple years."
This is the easiest to understand explanation of endo I've read.
Thank you so much for this.
It took a lot of trial and error to come up with this and I've memorised it.
Usually the "internal bleeding" part wakes people up to the seriousness of the condition (endometrium isn't exactly blood but it's still gooey stuff you don't want swishing about in your abdominal cavity so I took a poetic licence).
I'm still really new to dealing with it all and have only really been explaining that there is scarring on my ovaries and uterus (adeno too) in a similar way to what the doc told me.
I was originally misdiagnosed as having polycystic ovaries and it was a lot easier for others to understand "there's a bunch of cysts on my ovaries".
I've found that explanations online or by my gynecologist weren't that useful to me outside the doctor's office.
Without the context that comes from pain, scans and surgery, invisible illnesses tend to just be "pretend" illnesses to other people.
I'm quite emotionally detached from it all so I'm not embarrassed to discuss my anatomy and illness.
The more detail I give, the better they'll understand myself and others with invisible illnesses.
I'm sorry to hear about your scarring but it's good to hear you have a real diagnosis at last so you can start treating the right thing.
...Where does it go when it sheds?
Sorry I just don't know a lot about this condition.
Thanks for this explanation you posted!
Love your explanation.
Why do I feel like this is the kind of guy who would insist he knows how a uterus works better than she does?
Yea wtf god this sounds awful.
It's ok!
Happy to talk about it.
Normally when the uterine lining sheds its a woman's period so it is able to leave her body via the vagina.
If someone has endometriosis (which is on average 1 in 10 women) the uterine lining grows in it's normal place as well as throughout the abdominal cavity on various organs and structures.
When this sheds each month it is unable to leave the body.
The blood and endometrial tissue just pools inside the abdominal cavity.
The body slowly absorbs this but it takes a number of days or even weeks and is a painful process.
And of course every 28 days the problem reoccurs.
For myself it caused massive inflammation across my intestinal tract which basically caused my digestion system to shut down.
The inflammation from the fluid also congested the veins to my ovaries.
Like varicose veins but for your organs.
Yeah or that it's still "no big deal."
Most metal disease ever!
1in 10?
Holy mother of nature.
As a woman whose (painful) periods stopped at 15, I forget what its like sometimes and then hear this.
Jesus Christ, I hope they find some sort of long term solution to this for you, and OP soon :(
People don't realise just how common it is and women aren't taught anything about it.
So many go undiagnosed and only find out when they aren't able to get pregnant.
Those who do seek answers are often told that painful periods are normal and to just get on with their lives.
In fact it takes on average 6 years for endometriosis to be diagnosed.
The reality is if your period affects your daily life; if it stops you from sleeping, working, studying or eating there may be something else happening and it's probably treatable.
Women of Reddit, don't live a lifetime of pain for no good reason!!
Never stop seeking answers!
And those women who don't have it, learn to recognise the symptoms to help and empower the other women in your lives 👍👍👍.
Oh my god that's awful!
I knew that endometriosis involved uterine tissue growing outside the uterus but I didn't realize it was like THAT.
Somehow I never made the connection that it would need to be shed but have nowhere to go.
Thank you for sharing your experience!
We need more education and awareness about this because I had no idea it was 1 in 10!

Summary: 
Thank you so much for this.
Sorry I just don't know a lot about this condition.
...Where does it go when it sheds?
"So you know how a uterus works right?
Does he even know what endometriosis is?!
Endometriosis is when the lining of the uterus grows outside of the uterus.
He needs to understand that endometriosis isnt just a "painful period."
This is the spiel I use (word for word).
Thanks for this explanation you posted!
I’m going to be honest - Am I going to break up with him over this today?
Like varicose veins but for your organs.
But it behaves like normal uterine tissue.
