Original Response: 
Sounds to me like this self-proclaimed "Hazer" is known enough that his information was pulled selectively.
If you go around acting like a bunch of idiots you can't get mad when someone fights back.
May not be what happened, but I find it highly unlikely that they just randomly chose the name of one of Jai's personal ball lickers out of a hat.
No, this guy is a high-level Patron that is in each and every live show of Jai's and also in just about every post on Jai's FB group.
And pretty sure he had a personal issue with Postman or some shit too, I know I've seen someone personally call him out in the chat.
At least he admits he's a Hazer and an asshole I guess?
Though the 2nd part seems kind of redundant if you know the 1st.
You're pretty accurate about all of that, and as chucKing points out, Brian Nichols could easily be described as "Jai Haze's biggest fan", and has spent a lot of money on him.
I would argue, though, that no matter how you feel about Jai and his fans (personally, I'm sick and tired of vape review tiffs because they're fucking ridiculous and, if I'm being complete honest, basically all of them seem manufactured for views... yeah even this one between Jai and Postman), doxxing simply isn't okay...
Please remove the word “retard”.
It is considered hate speech here.
Comment removed for now.
Changed to idiots.
My apologies.
Thank you.
Post reapproved.
While I agree doxxing is bad, when the manufacturer won't sell a product to you and doesn't want anything to do with you and you in turn send your most known lacky to buy it, you're kinda asking for it.
They're playing the high school bully of the vaping world.
Can't be mad when someone hits back even if hitting back may not be nice.
Not so much that hitting back isn't nice...
I reckon it's downright illegal in that companies jurisdiction.
Doxxing is never, ever, ever ok.
I mean... yet again I agree with you... Jai seriously should have just let this fucking atty go.
He shouldn't have been so damn determined to give it a terrible review.
But even then... there is genuinely no excuse for doxxing.
None at all.
There is no such thing as "asking for it".
It's something that shouldn't happen *no matter what*...
I don't disagree.
He just had to keep backing people into a corner.
You never know what will happen.
Show me on the doll where a reviewer hurt you, and where doxxing someone is OK.
So people shouldn't be able to buy products if the creator or innovator thereof doesn't like them?
[removed]
@sc0lm00 i'm fucking waiting on your reply.
you are supporting felonious behavior and ruining the integrity of everything you support.
What's the deal?
@sc0lm00 let me repeat myself dude.
Since you're deaf.
I would really like you to tell me where denying a customer their purchase based on your personal drama and feelings is legitimate, and where doxxing someone for buying then shipping the said product to that person warrants a doxxing, which is highly illegal.
Please do tell me.
As far as I'm concerned you have put the credibility of the site you represent as an admin on the line.
You are representing Juice DB.
And you are showing that as far as you are concerned, and therefore who you represent is concerned, that FEELINGS override laws.
Do fucking tell me, please do.
Cause as far as I'm concerned, you look like a bitch right now, with your bleeding heart about someone on youtube you don't like.
Fuck your downvote too.
Answer the question.
And whoever, if not them is doing it, then tell me for them.
[removed]
That's your exact fucking thought process.
Quit being a bitch and accept that you're WRONG.
Bro, I've been out to dinner, to a soccer meeting, to pick up two kids, pick up a rental car, and packing for a business trip.
Sorry my reply time didn't meet your satisfaction.
I didn't downvote anything.
Jesus, you've gone off the deep end with accusations.
I never said doxxing someone is ok.
I did say back someone into a corner and see what happens.
It wasn't cool, but it wasn't cool from the other side either.
Why couldn't he just leave it alone?
Why does it matter so much to cause all this drama?
What was done is not cool but he's not innocent either.
I do believe any business owner has the right to refuse service to anyone.
That's my belief.
Disagree if you will.
And anyone has the right to vocalize their mistreatment and take their business elsewhere.
Again I never said doxxing was cool or any of the other wild accusations you conjured up.
I also don't downvote people just for disagreeing with me but you probably don't believe that.
If this comment hurt your feelings, eat shit.
Tell me where I'm wrong.
Quote where I said doxxing was ok.
I want to see it.
You're putting words in my mouth.
[removed]
Your first post about this you literally took a shit on anyone that isn't on the side of a guy in violation of his own country's laws (TPD) with the product he has "designed" and is putting his name behind, because you don't like another...youtube vaping reviewer.
Good fucking God dude.
Quit trying to get some high ground.
You said what you said and you're representing a third party via your flair and status by doing so.
You can be mad about it all you want.
You took a biased and low road.
You have been called out on it.
Now you're looking to play Obi Wan about it.
Just stop it.
We get it.
You don't like someone, so if someone breaks the law along the way to "striking back" against them, it's OK.
Context.
How about twice?
https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/9eqh0l/z/e5r1ju3

https://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/9eqh0l/z/e5r31ki

Again Prince Valiant, I'm not disagreeing with you that doxxing is bad.
You can be upset I insulted your tribe all you want.
But you're making up things I didn't say and assuming a hell of a lot more.
And yet again there you go with that bullshit.
We get it, you don't like someone and anyone that does, you're so esteemed, high, mighty.
Anything against the people you don't like is OK.  Because you &gt; everyone else.
For your illiterate ass to process again, I didn't say doxxing was ok.
I ain't mad though, it's all good.
I hope you find peace brother.
[removed]
You asked me to show you so I did, and now you're mad about it?
You're more than welcome to disagree with me but some reasonable discussion shouldn't be out of the question.
Apparently it is though with the name calling and made up hyperbole.
Sorry I don't like someone you like I guess?
Best of luck to you.
Keep it civil.
I told you to keep it civil once.
I'm not asking again.
You're being over the top nasty towards another.
Don't threaten to thrash someone's business.
Removed.
&gt; Jai seriously should have just let this fucking atty go.
He shouldn't have been so damn determined to give it a terrible review.
Wholeheartedly agree.
Why even give it the air-time if you've got a problem with the guy?
Just move on, don't review it, rather than inciting all this silly shit that the vaping community doesn't need and doesn't (for the most part) want.
Childish as fuck, all of it.

Summary: 
I want to see it.
I never said doxxing someone is ok.
Quote where I said doxxing was ok.
You have been called out on it.
You can be mad about it all you want.
You asked me to show you so I did, and now you're mad about it?
Childish as fuck, all of it.
I told you to keep it civil once.
Tell me where I'm wrong.
Sorry I don't like someone you like I guess?
I ain't mad though, it's all good.
You never know what will happen.
I did say back someone into a corner and see what happens.
Don't threaten to thrash someone's business.
Show me on the doll where a reviewer hurt you, and where doxxing someone is OK.
You can be upset I insulted your tribe all you want.
Do fucking tell me, please do.
