Original Response: 
[item] 

Hi all!
I'm building a team for a VGC Tournament and need some items to complete it as well as some items that I'ved used to help build it I.E.
Master Ball.
All of the following are 5-6 IV except 1 or 2 species.
LF: Master Balls!!!!
Bottle Caps (Gold &amp; Silver), Rare Candies, ~~Focus Sash~~

EDIT: Also looking for a Tapu Lele Tradeback to fill the dex entry

I have FT: Mudbray, Mareanie, Rowlet, Litten, Dhelmise, Oranguru, Grubbin, Snorlax, Slowpoke, Grimer (alola), Rotom, Gastly, Togepi, Jangmo-o, Magikarp, Honedge, Froakie, Both Nidorans Torchic, Togedemaru, Chimchar, Snowrunt, Beldum, Swinub, Srcafty, Larvitar, Ralts, Sandile, Roselia, Eevee, Tyrouge

Some Pokemon have Special balls (I.E.
Beast, Apricorn balls) or their Hidden ability, just ask if you want more information :)

Thanks very much &amp; happy trading!
:)
Hey dude.
I have a bunch of gbc's, candies and masterballs.
How many ha mons do you have?
I'd be willing to do 1:2 or even 1:3 trades (pokemon : item)
Better question: which ha pokemon do you have?
xD.
Maranie, Rowlet, Litten, Snorlax, Slowpoke, Jangmo-o, Froakie, both Nidorans, Torchic, Togedemaru, Swinub, Scrafty (possibly) Ralts, Roselia.
:)
Awesome
I'd love to have snorlax, jangmo-o, togedamaru, scrafty and roselia.
What would you want on return for it?
You said you were willing to do 2 or 3 itmes for mons right?
Here's what I'm thinking

2 Master Balls
2 Gold caps 
6 candies?
That's 2 items a mon and would help me complete the items I need :)
That's completely fine with me.
I'm home in like half an hour.
I'll hit you up.
Perfect!
Ok 1 mistake I made was instead of scrafty I have Scraggy, hopefully that's still ok as it's just it's pre-evolution :)
That's totally fine.
Im having a big trade back rn.
Will take me about 5 min.
Hitting you up asap.
NW I'm in the process of bringing them up to USUM It will take about 5 minutes as well :)
I'm connected and ready to trade whenever you're done :)
Alright.
Finished soon too.
Hitting you up with a request.
sounds good :)
These are all ha breedjects.
Hope you can put them to good use.
Thanks!!
I'm sure I'll find a use for them!
TYVM for everything :D.
Thanks as well.

Summary: 
That's completely fine with me.
Hitting you up with a request.
I'm sure I'll find a use for them!
Im having a big trade back rn.
Will take me about 5 min.
Hope you can put them to good use.
