Original Response: 
IT'S TOTALLY SAFE TO DRINK!
PEOPLE USE IT TO KILL THEMSELVES AND FAIL!
We have some here would you drink some?
INTERVIEW ME ABOUT GOLDEN RICE!
THAT'S WHAT THIS IS ABOUT 

My god apparently you don't need to be intelligent OR a good speaker to be a lobbyist.
You only need money to be a lobbyist, what made you think otherwise.
The fact that politicians are bought for paltry sums of money, between 2-10k dollars sometimes made me think these people were at least talented negotiators.
Those ones probably are more convincing but remember this is a Monsanto guy.
They are offering much larger sums to politicians than Just 10’s of thousands.
Who knows what sort of in-kind trades are made as well.
Jet use is one thing that comes to mind.
Politicians are supposed to be dfenders of the public.
Instead they are corporate whores.
real money is in the speaking fees.
Yeah maybe for the Clintons and the Cruz's or Bush's but there's a lot of non famous representatives even at the state level who aren't getting those sweetheart fees.
Elected officials should be made to to publicize their entire finances.
Pretty suspicious that the one president who doesn't show his taxes is also the one most likely to be involves with illegally laundering Russian oligarch money.
Congressmen are also immune from insider trading laws.
Lobbyists know this.
Sure they might give a few grand to re-election campaign but knowledge of an upcoming product, acquisition or merger is far more valuable.
Can we please talk about Rampart!
I was told this AMA would only be about golden rice...

Real talk I kind of feel bad for the guy because I'm positive his agent totally misrepresented what an AMA was (or possibly didn't know himself) and let his client walk into the thread and shit his pants in front of everyone.
Correct me if I’m wrong, but I think they finally made this change.
People in congress aren’t allowed to trade on insider info anymore.
Also, it was any “inside info.” It was information that was heard or received in the halls of Congress.
Not a huge difference when they can and do lie, but that’s what they were allowed to do.
I stand corrected, you are right.
They apparently changed the law.
However, they also made it very difficult to see if anyone has broken it.
There is basically one database where the information is kept, it relies upon self reporting and to search it you must know exactly what you are looking for.
So while the law is now tougher, it is also very difficult to hold people accountable for offenses.
https://www.npr.org/sections/itsallpolitics/2013/04/16/177496734/how-congress-quietly-overhauled-its-insider-trading-law.
I completely agree.
The law that was passed was just for the optics of it all.
Doesn’t mean politicians aren’t still doing dirty shit and getting away with it.
And to think the SEC will ever come down on, or even investigate, a congressperson is just fantasy.
They’ll just keep going after the little fish who are smart and the idiot CEOs who do stupid shit.

Summary: 
They apparently changed the law.
real money is in the speaking fees.
You only need money to be a lobbyist, what made you think otherwise.
Congressmen are also immune from insider trading laws.
I stand corrected, you are right.
