Original Response: 
Hey folks stop drinking pop.
It has zero nutritional value and does not quench thirst.
It is a garbage food.
[If you are overweight drink fucking water because diet pop will keep you fat.
](https://www.health.com/health/gallery/0,,20739512,00.html#bubble-trouble-1)
Does not quench thirst?
How did you determine that?
There’s a reason a soda comes in like a 40oz cup with unlimited free refills.
Try drinking nearly as much water as people consume soda.
You’ll be done with your water after the first cup.
I don't follow your reasoning.
Just because people are addicted to sugar doesn't mean soda doesn't quench thirst.
Also, apparently you've never worked outside in the heat if you think people can't or don't want to drink a couple litres of water.
All I’m sayin is go to dinner with your friends/coworkers.
Watch how much Coca Cola someone can consume in a short period of time in comparison to water.
Apparently you’ve never worked inside a resturant.
Watch someone order coke, 3-4 refills easily.
Water, you’d be lucky to fill their cup more than once.
Does it taste better since it’s loaded with sugar?
Sure, but at the end of the day when I’m extremely thirsty I crave water, as humans should.
If you’re craving soda you need electrolytes.
How does that observation has anything to do with thirst quenching abilities?
You admit it tastes better....
Shit.
Now I feel weird getting 3-5 refills of water when I'm at a restaurant.
get yourself checked out for diabetes.
[removed]
Doubtful.
I show no other common symptoms and I'm extremely active with a mostly good diet.
I do sweat a lot, though and I'm usually at a restaurant post-workout.
Thanks for the concern though!
Stop trying to ruin all my fun, nice guy.
Lol.
Dude water is the only thing that makes my mouth dry, where's the water conspiracies when you need them?
Sounds like your body needs to fast and reset.
Diet soda is poison.
Check the very vanilla link on my original comment.
Water might not please you but it sustains you.
Add a small pinch of salt, sugar and lemon juice not for flavour but electrolytes.
The drink will be a relief to your body.

Summary: 
Water might not please you but it sustains you.
I don't follow your reasoning.
Water, you’d be lucky to fill their cup more than once.
You’ll be done with your water after the first cup.
Try drinking nearly as much water as people consume soda.
The drink will be a relief to your body.
