Original Response: 
Nothing against 377 or gays, but critically speaking, this letter is worded so broadly u could use it to support pedophiles.
How is sexual abuse consistent with compassion for others?
sorry but how do pedophiles spread care, compassion, and empathy?
Sure.
But it isn’t about encouraging pedophilia if you want to use what’s being written for that.
It’s saying that if you’re a pedophile, you are still accepted as you are but you should strive for a life of compassion and empathy.
[deleted]
You are right that it is worded broadly.
It's the politically correct appeal to the masses answer for most occasions.
i dont know how people can conflate being gay to being a pedo.
one just wants to love another consenting adult of the same sex, whilst one wants to love a minor.
And in the eyes of the law, minors can not consent.
One orientation hurts others more than the other.
The problem with pedophillia is the victims involved are at an impressionable age and are not mentally and sexually ready to engage in intercourse or even understand what they are giving consent for.
Yes, you can have care and compassion for them, but you don't have to support behaviours which allow them to prey on the innocent.
But hey, if you wanna support people that take advantage of kids that cannot give proper consent, whatever floats your boat man.
Edit: this is a reply to the parent comment.
Smashed the post button too quickly.
Reworded last sentence to not imply that person I'm replying to is a pedo.
[deleted]
yes this!!
and besides, the photo above states that the buddha advocates for all to spread care, compassion &amp; empathy!
That includes having pedophiles to spread those core values.
If they aren't actively hurting the vulnerable that's totally fine, but if they are, they are taking a step away from those values.
[deleted]
true.
If they aren't using their urges as an excuse to hurt children, then of course they do deserve empathy and care.
Hurting someone else because of their urges should not be okay, **hurting someone else without consent for your own pleasure is not okay**.
Autistic or not.
But what I've been trying to say here is that there should not be the conflating of homosexuals and pedophiles.
There is nothing close to similar about the two, and should not be used as an argument against homosexuals.
Loving someone of your own sex should not be equally criminalised as pedophelia.
If homosexuals rape or do commit pedophilia, then of course they should be punished on that basis.
But not on the basis that they like the same sex.
i) Yeah thats my bad, my comment really applies to the parent comment, but posted before I realize who I was replying to.
ii) *shrugs*
The idea is you can be the absolute worst scumbag in the world and a buddhist will still accept you into society.
He will not cause any harm or suffering even in the name of justice or vigilantism.
Karma and retribution will see to that, for it is not in anybody's authority to pass your own judgement.

Summary: 
sorry but how do pedophiles spread care, compassion, and empathy?
One orientation hurts others more than the other.
But not on the basis that they like the same sex.
Edit: this is a reply to the parent comment.
That includes having pedophiles to spread those core values.
