Original Response: 
It was a shitty thing for Drouin to say, but what do you expect?
It's not like he called a press conference just to make this statement; he was asked about it after the game and he can't throw his new teammate under the bus.
NHL players have had a ton of media training, and I'm sure much of it is dedicated to how to respond to questions you don't want to answer.
People on reddit: I wish hockey players would be more open and not give cookie cutter answers.
Player doesn't give cookie cutter answer: This guy is literally a brainless asshole, fuck him.
For one, I don't think it's too much to ask for hockey players to show personality without being fucking dumbasses.
Like, that's not inherently contradictory.
For another, "people on reddit" are not homogeneous and have a variety of views.
There's a difference between showing your personality in interviews and straight up idiotic comments.
Sticking up for a teammate in an already fragile lockerroom situation isn't a "fucking dumbass" comment.
He's not going to go against his guys and become a target in the Montreal media just to get brownie points from pissed off people online.
I think you mean...Player doesn’t give cookie cutter answer but also demonstrates that he is literally a brainless asshole.
Everyone intellectually knows the deal here.
So the correct response from a full-brained person would be either to call it stupid (too much to expect...and rightfully) or just move onto the next question by saying, “we’ll see what the league says”.
I’ll even allow Drouin the shin pad slash rationalization, even though that’s almost just as stupid.
So you're judging his personality based on this comment.
Really not that hard.
Couple options

1.
The no comment route

2.
It was a chippy game, things were getting heated, but we have to keep our cool out there and focus on our game yada yada yada

3.
Tons of other things he could say.
All players get media training now, and Drouin has been in the spotlight since he was 15/16.
We're judging his intellect based on the other dumbass shit he's done as well.
Atleast he respects taxi drivers.

Summary: 
Tons of other things he could say.
So you're judging his personality based on this comment.
It was a shitty thing for Drouin to say, but what do you expect?
