Original Response: 
[removed]
And here we have a perfect example of the issues the #metoo movement presents.
The best thing you can do is not get into any debates, don't take the bait and don't argue.
Just stand by your actions, know you did nothing wrong and accept that people are going to take it too far.
And report it to the school immediately.
Honestly I'm already worried I'm gonna get pulled into the office any minute about this.
I've had 3 separate friends say they "heard about my date".
Exactly why I said, YOU need to report her harassment, slander, and defamation FIRST.
don't wait for the school to hear about the rumor or it will be her word against yours.
This is about to get ugly real fast.
You need to report this immediately.
Stop listening to these people advising you to ignore it and hope it goes away, it's not.
Are you setting the record straight when your friends tell you this?
I told them exactly what happened and they're on my side as my friends, but they're saying stuff poke "watch out" but also one of my best friends said he talked to her last Wednesday and she said she really liked me.
So idk what to think.
It would be best for both of you involved to be called into the office, have both of your parents called and brought in, and everyone talk it out.
This way, everyone who can help is involved and knows both stories, and if either of you want to go to a lawyer or the police with it, you can.
[removed]
[removed]
They are saying watch out because the rumors going around right now are probably bad because people exaggerate.
The reason you need to go tell your parents and talk to the school is because if you wait until they get wind of the rumor the story becomes u/hidingaway111 did you rape this girl compared to Girl why are you spreading rumors that /u/Hidingaway111 did something awful when we have heard the story and he did nothing wrong.

Summary: 
And report it to the school immediately.
You need to report this immediately.
don't wait for the school to hear about the rumor or it will be her word against yours.
