Original Response: 
Bullying on the rise or teacher intervention?
It has been a while since I was at school and there was plenty of teacher intervention back then.
It almost always made things *worse*, but the teachers at least got to back themselves on the back for 'doing their job.'
(I'm teaching overseas) Apparently I am not allowed to confiscate a mobile phone at my school.
I also can't give them too much homework (more than 20 mins - for a high school), also the kids can get away with not following the uniform policy.
Honestly the discipline in the classroom is terrible and it detracts from the students who do follow the rules and want to learn.
Apparently I can't set them an exam as well and their homework can't count for more than 10% of their grade.
It's a joke.
I am an enthusiastic and frankly a damn good teacher.
Some kids should not be in school.
I give the lost causes more effort and time than their worth, because I believe there is a chance.
Many of the teachers are beginning to agree that we need to bring back the cane or the strap.
Fortunately I can yell at the students in their native tongue.
But frankly I am of the opinion that students are less disciplined and a lot more spoiled.
The sheer amount of students with airpods shocks me.
from my experience teachers go to extraordinary lengths to say bullying is anything but bullying.
they aren't taking steps to stop it, just saying everything is a one off or accident, even when parents are changing schools to get away from it.
If you think caning is acceptable action, you should probably leave the profession.
We are not Saudi Arabia.
[deleted]
And let's not ignore that s/he is *sooooo generous* as to "give the lost causes more time than they're worth".
Charming.
I’m not going to advocate for corporal punishment because I know it’s drawbacks, but as someone schooled in both “we cane” and “we don’t cane ever!” Places I can tell you that the most horrific bullying and anti-academic tendencies existed in the “no cane”.
Teachers possessing a cane is my parents generation and not something that I experienced.
I used to shout things at a girl when I was 6.
We were friends and desk mates.
I don’t remember what exactly I shouted at her every afternoon but her grandmother complained to the school.
The deputy headmaster slammed a cane on his desk.
That was enough to end it entirely.
The only other time I was threatened with it was when I was playing with matches and butane in a school building in a rather stupid place.
Contrary to what my southern schoolmates thought, there was no sadism about the canes use.
By contrast in the southern states where cane had been banned for years I saw the worst bullying of my life.
Teachers being threatened and harassed.
Gangs beating little nerds on the ground (4 or 5 guys vs one guy who would’ve lost 1v1 anyway).
Such malicious evil.
The bullies would get detention and whatever else but they lived without fear of consequence.
The cane is not a cure all.
Struggling students like my brother were canes frequently with no impact.
Other ppl in other schools undoubtedly encountered adults too keen to cane.
I dunno the solution but I can tell you that twice in my life I was a bully and twice I learned empathy instantly from violence where reason had not made a lick of difference.
And you don't perhaps think that an acceptable measure, before beating the children, would be confiscating their devices and enforcing the uniform policy?
Why are people so extreme?
&gt; Many of the teachers are beginning to agree that we need to bring back the cane or the strap.
I will literally go on strike to prevent this from happening.
No teachers in Australia actually believe in corporal punishment.
Also by your own admission you're talking about stuff that has literally no bearing on Australian education.
I'd say thanks for contributing but that would be a lie.
[deleted]
The beatings will continue until moral improves!
Kids need discipline.
Period.
[deleted]
Dunno how it is for every state, but in Vic it's quite difficult to actually expel a student from a school - there is a lengthy welfare process required otherwise the expulsion can be overturned.
If it's a public school I'm fairly certain they are required to hold onto the student unless there is another public school within the region willing to take them on, too.
There isn’t much theory behind homework, a lot of academic education professionals think it shouldn’t be a thing.
At my school they just left that to the Year 12 school leaders.
[deleted]
Ah I see.
Out of curiosity I just looked up the expulsion policy in Victoria and you were right:

&gt;  AND the student's behaviour is of such magnitude that, having regard to the need of the student to receive
an education compared to the need to maintain the health, safety and wellbeing of other students and staff at
the school and the need to maintain the effectiveness of the school's educational programs, expulsion is the
only available mechanism.
Welp there ya go.
I was referring to the need to balance the need for an education vs the welfare of the student, maybe those particular students were just close to that line, so to speak.
Yeah, a kid that went to my school was constantly bullying students and stealing from them.
The staff never did anything significant, they just kept suspending him, until he physically assaulted the principal and a female teacher.
That’s when he finally got expelled.
Edit: spelling.
Then it's clear it has been a long time since they were in a class room.
Try passing mathematics without having done homework.
All teachers I know who I’ve spoken to this about agree, especially for primary school.

Summary: 
Some kids should not be in school.
The cane is not a cure all.
Bullying on the rise or teacher intervention?
Teachers being threatened and harassed.
It has been a while since I was at school and there was plenty of teacher intervention back then.
I am an enthusiastic and frankly a damn good teacher.
Fortunately I can yell at the students in their native tongue.
Teachers possessing a cane is my parents generation and not something that I experienced.
I used to shout things at a girl when I was 6.
Many of the teachers are beginning to agree that we need to bring back the cane or the strap.
