Original Response: 
[removed]
Are you also male?
Always remember that you are only hearing one side of the story.
It is also good to consider that anyone who regularly bashes their spouse to others is also causing a problem for the relationship.
&gt; anyone who regularly bashes their spouse to others is also causing a problem for the relationship

from what i've heard probably the least of their problems.
Again...you are hearing only one side.
And are you male and in their age group?
Or are they venting to a young woman?
You also say "all" the men you know...so you only know two married guys?
That is a pretty small sample pool to make judgements about.
I know older and younger men who have healthy, decent, steady relationships, I don't know why these guys are so fucked up, judging from their characters their empathy seems to override their common sense.
we are close because they were tool partners at one point.
I assume it's working on some level because otherwise they wouldn't be there, obviously they are reaping some benefit, imaginary or not.
They clearly have the relationship skills to hold things together whether or not it is for the best.
I don't know why OP is ducking this question, but she's 30f, per previous posts.
And involved in some really low-quality relationships, also per previous posts.
Ok then it isn't all men you know, it is just these two.
So that is pretty normal to know a few.
Interesting that you keep avoiding answering ypir age and gender.
If you are a young female, then these two may be akwardly hitting on you by complaining about their lives.
[removed]
Ding ding ding.
They wanna fuck.
maybe i'm stupid but i just don't see how that is remotely attractive, perhaps you need to spell it out for me.
it's one thing to give a cursory explanation in order to give the impression that your relationship is on the rocks &amp; there may be a chance, but not to go into this level of detail.
i understand that guys in relationships who want to cheat generally downplay their existing one, but they are going on about it too much for this to be the sole explanation.
Huh, in that case, maybe her "friends" are affair/potential affairs who won't leave their 'terrible' wives for OP....
since you've invoked me directly, I am aware that dating married men is a waste of time, unless you're just looking for sex.
in which case it might not be.
Per her post history, she's a late 20s female.
I think her older male friends are belly aching to her and she's only hearing one skewed perspective.
It's pretty simple.
They want to gain your sympathy.
Sympathy means you will pay attention to them and might comfort them.
honestly it's like the more i know the worse it seems.
it's not working, they sound stupid and naive more than anything else.
&gt; Or are they venting to a young woman?
definitely there's no social cost to saying these things to me as there might be with their peer group.
i don't find their marital problems attractive so hard to understand what value it has as a mating strategy.
it just sounds stupid.
&gt;honestly it's like the more i know the worse it seems.
It takes two to make a relationship work.
If they are complaining to you, they aren't being proactive in fixing their relationships and are just letting their problems fester.
Again, you are hearing 1 perspective.
Generally there are 3 sides to a story.
Person A, Person B, and the truth.
Either tune them out or (jokingly) poke fun of them complaining about their significant others: "Man, again?
This is the same argument from last week!
This old stuff is so lame."
*Feel free to replace lame with a better word of choice*


Also, while they are complaining about 1 or 2 problems about their significant other, there are probably 100s of reasons why they love their current GF/wife.
This is just them venting.
They probably, as a whole, love their wives and will stay with them despite mouthing off to you.
While life is too short to be miserable, they probably are happy and/or content for a good majority of their life.
OR: ask your friends why they stay with their wives the next time they vent to you.
They presumably don't know that.
May not be working on you, specifically, but it works often enough that it's a cliche by now.
It costs them nothing to badmouth their spouses to you and, at the very least, gets them attention from and one on one time with a younger woman.
i guess i just don't read it in this dynamic, my reaction is that they need to pay someone to listen to that shit instead of wasting my time.
i'm open to the possibility that i'm lacking the proper insight into this scenario.
to be clear I used to read all my interactions with men as "wants to fuck," and then realized that was a pretty extreme stance and an unfairly caricaturistic view of men.
&gt; they aren't being proactive in fixing their relationships and are just letting their problems fester.
oh for sure, I shouldn't be a crutch for them to not address their issues.
I definitely need to be more proactive in calling them on their bullshit.
&gt;They probably, as a whole, love their wives and will stay with them despite mouthing off to you.
people can be in love or otherwise attached to people who hurt them.
but this

&gt;ask your friends why they stay with their wives the next time they vent to you.
is good advice, I will be sure to be more direct in the future.
Yet you keep entertaining their conversation.
honestly the portrait painted by the first party is much better than the one I had from meeting the wife in person.
she seems like a much nicer person in his imagination.
i don't see why my age and gender matters, some stuff is guys thinking with their cocks but some stuff isn't.
my immediate reaction is that men don't feel comfortable discussing this stuff with other men, but since i'm not a man, i don't really know.
Not everything that people do to try and get fucked is successful or makes any sense.
i think it's very cynical for you to reduce it to that kind of interaction.
it's easy for a stranger on the internet to make this kind of snap judgment however.
I didn't say they wanted to sleep with you, but that they wanted attention and sympathy.
i guess i just don't see how it is supposed to invoke that reaction, i find listening to people's personal problems tiring.
i don't even want to waste my breath giving them advice they'll never take.
thanks for the insight, will keep in mind.
Yeah, probably one of the ones she was already sleeping with in one of her past posts.
&gt;  I don't give a shit about the fringe benefits but want the sex and occasional life skills tutorial.
This should be really easy but he's convinced that she'll be betrayed &amp; heartbroken if he asks for an open relationship.
It's fucking stupid and I'm sick of enabling his shitty behavior.

Summary: 
They presumably don't know that.
This is just them venting.
Again...you are hearing only one side.
It takes two to make a relationship work.
Ok then it isn't all men you know, it is just these two.
They want to gain your sympathy.
honestly it's like the more i know the worse it seems.
Or are they venting to a young woman?
So that is pretty normal to know a few.
&gt; Or are they venting to a young woman?
&gt;honestly it's like the more i know the worse it seems.
in which case it might not be.
