Original Response: 
I took a break from gw2 and recently came back.
I was not even surprised to see the LFG window when I decided to run some raids again.
(Apart from the sellers) 80% still looking for chrono, druid, and wars.
And I think this has been the biggest issue with gw2 PvE.
These classes are some sort of mix of too unique and important to too strong at a role in comparison to any conceivable alternative.
Chronos were a really great addition to the game, they basically feel like a whole separate class.
But unfortunately, they fulfill a raid need (primarily tanking, second buffs and utility) that few other classes can do anywhere near as well.
Similarly druids are considered the only healers as far as pugs are concerned.
Oddly enough, other classes can heal pretty well (some nice vids on ele, rev, and even necro), yet because of just how strong druid is (and lets not forget their super useful buffs), very few pugs want anything else.
And wars--but lets be real, banners--are just too good a mechanic to pass up in a group and one that no other class can provide (and I bet other classes wont get banners as that would end up being a pretty lame "new" mechanic to pitch people on an elite spec).
Now, again, Im not saying only these classes can do what they do (except banners), but in non-static/guild group play, they are far too dominant due to lack of any meta alternatives, and this seems to be one of the bigger issues with PvE in gw2.
&gt; lack of any meta alternatives

By definition of the retronym there can never be a "meta alternative".
Alternatives *to* the meta already exist, namely FB+ren.
It has less reliable CC, more opportunity cost in dealing with specific mechanics and some bugs with FB mantra buffs but far more heal output and a better condi dps hybrid option.
To the community at large the real issues are convenience, imitating the pros and ignorance.
A mirror comp is easier to fill than 1chrono+1druid+1fb+1ren due to simple combinatorics.
This would persist even if FB+ren were exactly on par with chrono+druid or even slightly stronger as every support player already has the current meta builds equipped.
Banners are completely separate and to all but the best groups they're just a boring pile of stats costing a utility slot.
340 stat points to 10 people is nothing to sneeze at though.
and dont forget the great CC capabiltiy either in condi or power variant, and decent dps after all that.
Which spec are you talking about?
Condi chrono isn't worth it, PuG druids probably shouldn't try to dps and warrior is fine except for the boring banners.
Warr.
It's the only one with good dps and both power and condi variants.
I assumed as much but never complained about that and see no problem with it, engi also was/is a CC powerhouse in its dps specs.
Banners are the only thing that sticks out, being both nigh mandatory *and* boring.
he's clearly talking about warr, but your answer makes it pretty obvious you lack some understanding in general.
a condi chrono pulls double the damage of a regular chaos chrono on the few bosses it works, so for those it's always the better option, while providing the same boons.
plus it shares a lot of gear with mirage, so with legendary armour it only needs an additional sceptre with concentration sigil.
as for bosses, its amazing on matthias, SH, twins and cairn if your group wants a chaos chrono (if not, illu/insp is better).
Duel/Illu does a lot more dps than Chaos/Insp too.
I never claimed condi chrono doesn't *work*, I said it wasn't "worth it" since the OP complained about LFG.
If you're pugging are you really going to put in the effort to learn it and risk the muscle-memory screwups of pressing 2 and getting your face kicked in?
If you're skilled and dedicated enough for that you can also make firebrand and renegade work.
chronos should swap between a few builds anyway depending on encounter, even in pugs.
most of the time chaos is better in pugs, and on the mentioned bosses condi chrono is simply an upgrade to regular chaos chrono.
btw 2 is just as useful on sceptre as on sword, maybe even moreso, as it instantly spawns 2 clones, making it a perfect opener to prepare for longer splits, while sword starts with only one clone and can't place all skills within split.
the only downside of the block is against multihits, as the after-block evade only lasts a fraction of a second, but the longer duration compared to the highly nerfed sword 2 balances it out.
on Matthias for example you can block everything with sceptre as well or better than with sword.
Condi Chrono is way stronger than power Chrono at Cairn, sh, largos, and Matt.
It's also useful at VG and at dhuum.
In what way is it not worth?
OP was talking about PuGs, if you're skilled enough to greed for dps on chrono the entire discussion doesn't matter to you anyway.
Cairn is a freekill, iCounter is a liability against SH if you're not careful, Matt throws enough shit at you you should be busy blocking, cleansing and rezzing.
You *can* go condi and I fully believe you it's better in top-level groups, but the build could be outright banned from raids and clears would become no harder, only a little slower.
Banning "power" support chrono wouldn't matter much either.

Summary: 
It's the only one with good dps and both power and condi variants.
chronos should swap between a few builds anyway depending on encounter, even in pugs.
Which spec are you talking about?
Duel/Illu does a lot more dps than Chaos/Insp too.
Condi Chrono is way stronger than power Chrono at Cairn, sh, largos, and Matt.
Banning "power" support chrono wouldn't matter much either.
