Original Response: 
edit: Um, about hockey.
Matthews same tier as McDavid.
On that note I’d say the people who say Matthews will make more than Mcdavid money because Toronto.
I mean thats not that crazy.
He could end up around 12 mill with another good year.
Probably wont go over but he sure as hell wont be that far under.
It is crazy.
Mcdavid is a generational player whose put up back to back 100+ point seasons.
Mathews is very good and will be one of the best in the game but he’s not Mcdavid.
No one is.
There’s no justification for him getting 12 or more  especially when the other 1C on the team makes 11 and was a UFA and thus far better in terms of stats.
He is better defensively for sure but overall it's not even close.
[deleted]
Im not saying hes on Mcdavid's calibre at all.
But the reality is that Mcdavid signed for under market value two years ago.
Two years later, the cap has gone up and there is no indication that Matthews will similarily sign for under market value.
How good Matthews is this season is a huge determiner and lets face it, the chances of him cracking 80 points and 40 goals are very good.
And a dude who can do that at his age has gotta be more than 10 and probably more like 11 or 12 which is right under Mcdavid at 12.5.
My guess is he falls between eichels 10 and Tavares 11.
He cant really ask for more than Tavares unless he has a monster year and will get more than eichel on the basis of potential being higher/better goalscorer.
My guess is identical to Tavares with 11.
Well there ya go you got him already at 1.5 mill less with a healthy guess.
Give or take 1 mill and hes already only 500k less.
Its not crazy at all.
Unlikely?
You bet.
But because Mcdavid signed for less than he needed too, it makes it a lot closer.
But my absolute max was 11.
I truly don’t see him getting a penny more than that unless he somehow has a 100 point season.
Well, I guess we will have to wait and see.
I have a soft spot for the leafs so I certainly hope ur right and he doesnt go past 11.

Summary: 
Matthews same tier as McDavid.
Its not crazy at all.
Im not saying hes on Mcdavid's calibre at all.
My guess is identical to Tavares with 11.
