Original Response: 
Kav has supported so many Bush era spying and detaining policies throughout his career.
I probably don't need to tell you that.
The American people know nothing about his actual judicial opinions or theories, it's been drowned out.
He's a Bush Era, Jesuit taught, Anti-Constitutionalist, who was a member of a sex-cult fraternity catering to the 1%... A real r/conspiracy nightmare

BuT hE TrIgGeRs tHe LiBtArDs!!!1!!!
So he must be a good guy.
They did the usual smoke and mirrors to distract and pass a shadow government stooge.
It's hilarious to me that people like Alex Jones are still under the allusion that trump is a "populist", or against the deep state.
Hes surrounded himself with neocons and bankers, deregulated the big banks, pushed for war with Iran, etc.
Basically shilled for the deep state.
I genuinely like AJ, I don't think he's fake or a CIA asset or anything.
I think he got excited that he might actually win with trump, and cant let it go.
Alex Jones has lost his fucking mind, dude.
Just the other day infowars was calling for actual martial law.
The irony is thick, but it’s always been a mistake to trust him.
Even Bill Cooper warned against believing Alex Jones.
CHICOMS!
[removed]
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.
AJ is the conspiracy version of a televangelist.
He will say or do anything that keeps the money flowing in.
 Can you explain the Jesuit thing please?
"Even" Bill Cooper?
Bill's pretty credible.
Alex Jones has always obviously only cared about emotionally manipulating weak minds for money.
Trump is so deep state, they would need a proctologist if he wanted out.
He went to a catholic school growing up, the sect of catholicism was Jesuit.
I'm sorry, but this a pathetic and biased opinion.
Why didn't they just vote to confirm him like normal.
Why are some people so fucking horrible at thinking?
I think it's hilarious that you think it's hilarious - that guy is literally a snake oil salesman who uses fear to sale "strength" to other weak men.
He doesn't believe a word that he says, it's just marketing.
Even the late great Bill Cooper called him an alarmist and liar.
Stupid, weak people listen to the guy - but he's actually pretty smart - got paid!
I actually am midway through this new book called "Pale Horse Rider" Seems like a really well researched and credible biography on Bill Cooper.
He comes off a bit more con man seeming than I wouldve liked to believe.
Was abusive and lied.
So I wouldnt say he is that credible.
Though Behold a Pale Horse was monumental and prolific.
Just interesting to try and see all the sides.
Thuugh I wont be able to come to a tru opinion until I have finished the book.
his UFO and "aliens are among us" belief turns me off.
He turned away from this belief not too long after he wrote the book.
He decided that all these doscuments he published were disinformation that the government was trying to push and alien conspiracy, project blue beam etc.
tho I wouldn’t be so quick to discount paranormal extraterrestrial type stuff but just my opinion.
[deleted]
Oh okay thanks but why does that make him worse?
This sub has a pretty distrustful stance on the current pope, and the Catholic Church in general due to the Sex abuse scandals.
Pope Francis is a Jesuit.
Got ya.
Thanks!
I would have expected the previous popes to have taken more blame for the sex scandals.
The current one seems to be bringing it to light more?
But then again I'm clueless about that area of the news.

Summary: 
So I wouldnt say he is that credible.
Pope Francis is a Jesuit.
Even Bill Cooper warned against believing Alex Jones.
I probably don't need to tell you that.
He will say or do anything that keeps the money flowing in.
Why are some people so fucking horrible at thinking?
He doesn't believe a word that he says, it's just marketing.
