Original Response: 
I thought you weren’t supposed to exchange money at burning man.
Nobody in this pic is exchanging money that I can see.
Just a little odd is all.
Sort of out of place.
You still have to eat, drink, sleep, take drugs.
Isn't this exchanging currency?
I'd prefer buying my food, water and MDMA with Bitcoin rather than FIAT.
Not really.
The Bitcoin community ethos intersects in many ways with the ten principals.
The bay area is also filled with nerdy tech bros who probably interface with cryptocurrency projects and companies more than the average person.
It was only a matter of time.
I would honestly be much happier seeing Buttcoin art on the playa though.
Burning man is supposed to be a "gifting economy."
What that means, IDK.
It's a democratic, communist, anarchic system, where people are meant to love and respect each other.
It's the best we can achieve, in theory.
But to achieve a gifting economy, we need to spend and collect supplies before the festival.
If Burning Man was a community, that always works this way, it might be considered a successful gifting economy.
A system where everybody has his own role, where each and everyone of us has a job that is meant to aid and support the entire community.
Think of The Smurfs, their system is the best ever.
Each smurf has his own job and role, the cook, the gardener, the barber, the painter, the musician, the elder and so on.
They don't have money, they don't need it.
The produce and grow everything they need, they share everything with each other, and if they ever need something that is not found in their territory, they exchange their produce for such a thing, or sell it, so they can buy what they need.
Have you ever watched The Beach by Danny Boyle (2000)?
They are isolated and happy, every now and then, they travel to the city, sell the marijuana they grow to buy rice, batteries, supplies and so on.
Money has changed us into heartless monsters.
We kill and destroy for wealth and power.
Everything wrong with the world today, has been brought by egoism, pride and lack of compassion.
Traits that have only worsened by the introduction of FIAT!
!
/r/gifteconomy

The more free we are, to do the work we naturally love to do and find intrinsically rewarding (specialization is programmed into life by evolution), the better of we all will be.
Here's a video, as well: [The Math of a Thriving Planet](https://youtu.be/sPlfKAHMWvI)
&gt; You still have to eat, drink, sleep, take drugs.
And in a gift economy, which all other species use beyond humans, and some humans use, you get all of the things you need for free.
Bitcoin is the opposite of the gift economy.
Unless you're giving your Bitcoin away as a gift, of course.
Not really.
You've got to pay for a ticket.
And they sell plenty of stuff there.
Just like anything, burning man became commercialized.
They sell ice and espresso.
Thats it.
Yeah, Burning Man has basically become a resort for libertarian tech billionaires.
The artists and free spirits and so forth aren't the target demographic for Burning Man anymore.
They're the *entertainment*.
They're what Burning Man uses to attract their big customers.
And those artists pay Burning Man for the privilege of providing entertainment to billionaires.
Bitcoin may not mesh with the prior ethos of Burning Man.
But the current corporate festival that uses its former reputation to attract tourists?
Fits right in.
It means some people are suckers.
Anything that has either democracy or communism is far far removed from the best we can achieve.
Those are both pure crap.
Sleep is exchanging currency?
Or people have used their Bitcoin gains to produce art and experiences for others.
Have you possibly considered that?
This is basically correct but please don't refer to Burning Man as a festival.
It is quite different from other things that are traditionally called festivals and that confusion has consequences like idiots showing up in the desert unprepared.
I think we're talking past each other.
Bitcoin, whatever else it may be, is *money*.
It is part of the great capitalist machine.
It's even more capitalist than currencies like the U.S. dollar, because the value of the USD is altered by democratic and bureaucratic forces, and Bitcoin obeys only the market.
People buy Bitcoin because they think Bitcoin will be even more valuable in the future and they want to profit, or they think a paradigm shift in the economy is coming and they want to be on the forefront of it, which means, again, profit.
Burning Man began outside the capitalist machine.
It didn't use money within itself.
The 'gift economy' was part of that anti-capitalist ethos.
Bitcoin is anathema to the gift economy because, again, it's *money*.
Now Burning Man is dedicated to providing entertainment to those in control of the machine.
The 'gift economy' exists in name only.
Ordinary burners, artists and performers and exhibitionists, are 'paid' for their service to the elite in ways that do not involve dollars (so as not to break kayfabe) but are philosophically identical to money.
Bitcoin is *perfect* for this.
People can use their Bitcoin gains all they like.
Go right ahead.
Just don't pretend to oppose capitalism when you do.
Bitcoin is capitalism in its purest and most unregulated form.
I get what you are saying, but I don't think you are using the term Capitalism correctly.
Capitalism is an economic system.
Bitcoin is a currency that can be used within a capitalistic system.
Definition of Capitalism 

: an economic system characterized by private or corporate ownership of capital goods, by investments that are determined by private decision, and by prices, production, and the distribution of goods that are determined mainly by competition in a free market.
Bitcoin is not capitalism, agreed.
I'd argue that Bitcoin, as a currency, is more aligned with the core principles of capitalism than USD, because the value of Bitcoin is determined 'mainly by competition in a free market' and not by government fiat or extra-market forces.
... well, I'd argue that the value of Bitcoin is defined by an *unregulated* market, which is not the same as a free market - but plenty of libertarians and ancaps would argue with me there.
&gt;Ordinary burners, artists and performers and exhibitionists, are 'paid' for their service to the elite in ways that do not involve dollars (so as not to break kayfabe) but are philosophically identical to money.
&amp;#x200B;

Explain this.
Who is paying them and in what exactly?
Google 'burning man millionaires'.
Basically, the wealthy elite set up private camps within Burning Man.
Paid staff and bodyguards are hired to manage the camps, while the elite distribute massive amounts of food, water, drugs, etc., to burners in order to buy favor.
Think of a Roman senator handing out money and food to his clients, or a Medici paying a stable of artists to create works of art celebrating his family.
It's a perversion of the original Burning Man ethos.
I understand your point.
But here in Europe festivals are seen differently than in North America.
In the USA, Burning Man might be the only good "festival" that can be considered a "tribal gathering".
Ozora, BOOM, MoDem and many other festivals in Europe are also considered Tribal Gatherings.
Not just because they are based on Psychedelic and Goa Trance, but also for the other activities being held there.
Ozora is most known in the world for sure, they have evolved from a little open air party, to one of the biggest festivals in Europe.
The [2014 after movie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kkfse4EekHE&amp;t=1211s) is my favorite.
As for the EDM scene, where young kids chaotically drink until passing out, or take pills and unknown substances, only to find themselves in the ER, nope, we don't really have such a thing in Europe.
David Guetta and the other clowns play at Tomorrowland and a couple of other festivals, but these are still frequented by adults, or wise kids at least....
Read the theories, don't watch the news.
Communism, Democracy, Anarchism, these are all utopias.
They can be achieved in a small community living isolated from the general population, but nothing more than that.
Indeed, they have never been achieved in the world before.
All the communist leaders were just autocratic totalitarian assholes, all the democratic politicians are corrupted, greedy pigs, and anarchy has been insulted since forever by such politicians, to a point where the number of people that truly believe in Anarchic ideals are a staggering minority compared to any other political theory/system.
You know utopia means unrealistic right ?
Any time communism is attempted it results in death.
Bitcoin is pure anarcho capitalism.
It’s an art installation.
70,000 people to
to Burning Man.
I promise you all 70,000 people are not millionaires.
I am an educator on sabbatical and I went.
None of the people I went with were in tech.
Some people have elaborate gifts...
I was giving out candy.
There’s still nothing intense world like it.
Bitcoin was not exchanged.
It was an art installation.
Communism cannot be attempted, it goes against human nature.
Utopia is a place that cannot exist, because it's just too perfect.
Take care :)
I might add that Burning Man is not anti capitalism, they are anti commodification.
There is an important distinction there.
The bmorg actually acknowledges that "turnkey" camps have been an issue in recent years, and have been doing some work educating those camps on the 10 principals.
The conspiracy you put forth that artists pay to come to entertain billionaires at the monetary benefit of the bmorg is interesting, but wholly inaccurate.

Summary: 
Bitcoin is *perfect* for this.
70,000 people to
to Burning Man.
Bitcoin is not capitalism, agreed.
Burning man is supposed to be a "gifting economy."
Bitcoin is the opposite of the gift economy.
Bitcoin is anathema to the gift economy because, again, it's *money*.
People can use their Bitcoin gains all they like.
Bitcoin is pure anarcho capitalism.
Capitalism is an economic system.
Bitcoin is a currency that can be used within a capitalistic system.
It was an art installation.
It's a perversion of the original Burning Man ethos.
It means some people are suckers.
The 'gift economy' exists in name only.
It didn't use money within itself.
Bitcoin may not mesh with the prior ethos of Burning Man.
I thought you weren’t supposed to exchange money at burning man.
I was giving out candy.
