Original Response: 
Isn't Saigon, Ho Chi Min City now?
That's correct.
...only if you’re a commie.
I guess Istanbul is Constantinople because I am not a Muslim?
Correct.
[deleted]
Talk to any Vietnamese in California, they’ll say it’s Saigon.
Ain't that kinda like asking a Cuban in Florida what they think of Castro?
That's definitely they're opinion, but that's different from the mainland.
vietnam vietnamese also call it saigon when speaking.
saying thanh pho ho chi minh is way too long when everyone understands saigon.
on mail and stuff its properly labeled though.
I stand corrected!
Ya but I mean, the North won a complete victory and renamed the city.
It is semantics if someone wants to hold on to the name, but...
It isn't Saigon anymore except in peoples memories.
Now that is generally interesting.
It remained Constantinople long after conquest.
It became Istanbul only after the Republic of Turkey replaced the Ottoman Empire and the capital moved to Ankara.
It's more like, you live in your world and other people live in theirs and it seems odd when they don't conform to the way you're used to things being.
not interested in hearing about your "girlfriend"
Its officially HCMC but almost everyone who lives there calls it Saigon.
Surprise; people dont really like having their city renamed after losing a war.
HCMC is also really long to say.
Also yes, it is semantics; why bother to point it out?
&gt; It isn't Saigon anymore except in peoples memories.
Even the Vietnamese switch back and forth between names, often in the same sentence.
When I was in Hanoi in December, it took me several days to realize they were talking about the same place, because people used the two names in the same conversation.
Same with some Indian cities like Bombay(Mumbai).
It's Byzantium.
who is more right:  
person on the internet arguing that it is technically called ho chi minh city.
people who actually live there and call it saigon.
kostantiniyye.
humans like shortcuts when we can take them.
That's how i explain why I call Saigon, Saigon.
Well they do have that sweet sweet gin.
Soon to be renamed Erdoganülke.
Even old New York was once New Amsterdam.
Why they changed it, I can't say.
People just liked it better that way.
It makes more sense that folks in the North would more easily call in HCMC...
Istanbul, Constantinopleeee.
I still call(ed) it Saigon, too, I got into a discussion about that with a local when we were talking about the movie Bitcoin Heist on here.
Apparently its an age dependent thing.
Much like Burma v. Maynmar.
There is another shot of this that posted here a whole back, it looked cyberpunk, and my comment was 'its happening too fast.'
This makes it seem more tame, so I'm glad I saw it.
The government calls it HCMC, corporates call it HCMC.
When locals refer to "Saigon" they usually mean the inner districts such as District 1, 3 etc.
Hardly any local calls the while city including the newer districts such as District 7, District2, etc Saigon.
Source, I've been living in HCMC for nearly 3 years.

Summary: 
people who actually live there and call it saigon.
That's how i explain why I call Saigon, Saigon.
People just liked it better that way.
Isn't Saigon, Ho Chi Min City now?
It isn't Saigon anymore except in peoples memories.
HCMC is also really long to say.
vietnam vietnamese also call it saigon when speaking.
