Original Response: 
[removed]
Did they feel creepy, sinister or intimidating?
Or you could’ve walked past them in a street and thought nothing about them?
Would you trust them?
[deleted]
[deleted]
The series is pretty amazing, I'm about half way through right now.
Honestly the series made me support capital punishment even moreso.
Some of these people are way beyond rehabilitation.
Edit: negative 10?
Lol fucking Reddit.
"The downvote button is not the disagree button"
[deleted]
Agreed.
I had read on Reddit that it has an anti-DP bias.
I didn’t see that, and in the end, I think most of the folks are where they deserve to be.
&gt;Glad you enjoyed it!
I wouldn't say the series is particularly for or against the death penalty.
Thanks I think you guys do a great job of being completely objective.
&gt;Would you say though that if someone is judged to be beyond rehabilitation they should be killed?
I would say possibly, depending on how premedidiated and vile the crime was.
And almost certainly if there was some type of sex crime involved.
There were some inmates in the show that I thought absolutely deserved capital punishment (the man in episode 1 comes to mind), while others I  thought should not be put to death (like the man who's IQ was just under 70).
What I enjoyed most about your show I'd say was the structure and arrangement of the interviews.
You'd start with the inmates version of events, and I'd often find myself sympathetic after that first interview.
But then it would go more into the facts of the case, along with interviews from witnesses and victim's, and I would often realize how naunced it all was.
Then playing the interviews back to the inmates in the follow up interview was incredibly effective.
I really like how it was set up in that manner.
I look forward to the rest of the series.
Thanks for creating such a great show!
Honest question: I’m against the death penalty for one reason: the risk of killing an innocent person and knowing that said execution is coming from a government of the people of which I am one.
I personally have no issue with the killing of an honestly guilty person like you describe but I can’t overcome the risk of a wrongly convicted person.
What out your thoughts on this?
I think that's a good reason to be opposed to it.
Like I said in another comment there were some cases in the documentary where I disagreed with executing them even though it was clear they did it.
It's the argument of "it makes us just as bad as them" or "it makes us barbaric" that I really can't find common ground with.
If that were true we would be just as evil as the Nazis executed at the Nuremberg trials, or just as evil as Ted Bundy.
That's the sort of opposition to executioner's that I don't really understand, but your opposition based on threat of executing the innocent is the most compelling argument against capital punishment imo.
Personally I think it should be reserved for the most herendous of crimes where we are certain they are guilty (by dna evidence, witnesses, and what not).
There are individual's out there that I believe should be put to death for their crimes and it's morally wrong (imo) to pay for these people to live and possibly thrive in prison for decades to come.
Ted Bundy dosent deserve redemption, he deserves to be put down.
Same with the Boston Marathon bomber, or the inmate in episode 1 of this series.
I think your argument against it is the most compelling one.
I just believe fundementally some people should be put to death when they perform the most heinous of crimes and are beyond rehabilitation.
Not OP, but this is my only hold up on the death penalty as well.
A fallible government with the legal right to kill is a scary notion.
I think the argument would have to center around the moral obligation to enact justice.
If it is just that a guilty man be put to death, then we are morally obligated to do so for anything less would be unjust.
Then you'd have to show that that obligation is strong enough to overshadow the injustice of wrongly killing and innocent person.
It would be somewhat convincing if, for instance, there were vastly more guilty people killed than innocent and a wrongly convicted person being executed was statistically nonexistent.
However, I'm not convinced that's the case..
In any case, I think the argument would have to go something like that, but I obviously don't have it entirely worked out.
I guess I don't follow the logic.
If you're beyond rehabilitation, what's the benefit of a death penalty vs life in jail with no parole?
The series made me support capital punishment much much less.
I always kind of assumed the death penalty was for the John Wayne Gacys of the world, not some guy that was on drugs and shot someone during a robbery.
Yeah, maybe he's scum, but I think life in jail would be sufficient.
Hearing these stories made me really question what's the point of killing some of these guys.
I think taking a human life is unethical.
Everyone has the right to life, even if he has committed a horrible crime.
What's the advantage of killing someone instead of putting them in prison?
&gt; It's the argument of "it makes us just as bad as them" or "it makes us barbaric" that I really can't find common ground with.
If that were true we would be just as evil as the Nazis executed at the Nuremberg trials, or just as evil as Ted Bundy.
I think it more like "we don't want to stoop down to their level", with 'their level' being the act of killing people.
Half of them (5 of the 10) had their sentences commuted and were no longer on death row.
Just to argue one point of your argument.
It is generally less expensive to keep someone in prison for life than to execute them.
I understand that.
Its not necessarily the cost, its the moral implication of paying for the person to be housed, eat, excercise, and potentially thrive in prison that I find wrong (if they've done heinous things that many would deem worthy of death).
Sometime life in prsion just isn't enough imo.
&gt;I think taking a human life is unethical.
Everyone has the right to life, even if he has committed a horrible crime.
What's the advantage of killing someone instead of putting them in prison?
Completely disagree.
You forfeit your right to live when you commit certain acts.
&gt;I think it more like "we don't want to stoop down to their level", with 'their level' being the act of killing people

Was the execution of Nazis during the Nuremberg trials "stooping to their level"?
You may see it that way.
I see it as justice.
I felt that same way for some of them.
But others (like the individual in episode 1) deserves death and nothing less imo.
That was one of my favorite episodes, he is definitely a psychopath who knew what he was doing.
Out of curiosity, are the subjects made aware that there will be other interviews conducted of victim’s families, other perpetrators involved, etc, prior to their account of what happened?
Sure it was stooping.
Retributive justice doesn't care about morality.
It's a question of whether or not you think premeditated murder is the proper reaction to premeditated murder.
I'd argue that society should seek to be better than that, given all the advantages and power that the state controls.
We *can* be better, so why not be?
I'd also argue that always resisting the impulse to kill, except in the face of imminent danger, is always being better.
The cost of sustaining the lives of guilty murderers (rendered harmless by imprisonment) is always going to be less than the cost of losing the moral high ground.
Certainly for society, for the state.
And why do you think the Nazi example is so compelling?
And why not then execute American soldiers and officers responsible for deaths covered by amendment protocols I and II of the Geneva Conventions?
Because America didn't agree to those, or else all sorts of normal, everyday people would be murderers.
Especially the officers.
Now I'm not saying crimes committed during wartime are the same as raping and murdering your neighbor because you were drunk (or whatever).
But to the families of the people who are killed it's not too much different, and in refusing to accept a common definition of "war" the US (and others, but in particular) took a stance that killing was okay whenever we say it's okay.
When the same government (or subsidiary ones, like the states) also take it upon themselves to kill their own citizens, well...
The credibility begins to be questionable.
It's a complicated topic, and I don't think you're giving enough credit to the nuances of the morality and ethics involved in state actions.
Then why not a life of torture?
What sort of crimes would justify that?
Solitary confinement is already akin to torutre.
Having the state put somebody to death who has done nothing but cause pain and suffering to those around them is a fitting punishment for certain individuals.
Ted Bundy dosent deserve to to wake up everyday, be provided meals, and seek redemption.
Nor do the Nazis who conducted the holocaust.
Nor does the Boston Marathon bomber.
It's not about enjoying their suffering, it's about monsters being put down when it is sometimes warranted.
&gt;Sure it was stooping.
Retributive justice doesn't care about morality.
It's a question of whether or not you think premeditated murder is the proper reaction to premeditated murder.
I do think it's warranted sometimes.
And I don't think executing someone like the Boston Marathon bomber is "stooping to their levels".
Not anymore so than putting someone who kidnaps and imprisons others against their will is stooping to their levels by putting them in jail.
&gt;I'd argue that society should seek to be better than that, given all the advantages and power that the state controls.
We can be better, so why not be?
I don't believe that giving someone like Ted Bundy or the Boston Marathon bomber life in prison instead of death is "being better".
In fact I find it morally repulsive.
&gt;And why do you think the Nazi example is so compelling?
And why not then execute American soldiers and officers responsible for deaths covered by amendment protocols I and II of the Geneva Conventions?
Because America didn't agree to those, or else all sorts of normal, everyday people would be murderers.
Especially the officers.
America didn't create a holocaust against an ethnic group that exterminated millions.
But yes, in certain instances Americans should be put to death for war crimes.
&gt;Now I'm not saying crimes committed during wartime are the same as raping and murdering your neighbor because you were drunk (or whatever).
But to the families of the people who are killed it's not too much different, and in refusing to accept a common definition of "war" the US (and others, but in particular) took a stance that killing was okay whenever we say it's okay.
When the same government (or subsidiary ones, like the states) also take it upon themselves to kill their own citizens, well...
The credibility begins to be questionable.
Some individuals who commit war crimes should be executed for it.
(Note that collateral damage is vastly different from intentionally targeting civilians).
&gt;It's a complicated topic, and I don't think you're giving enough credit to the nuances of the morality and ethics involved in state actions.
Its pretty clear cut for me.
I believe certain individual's should be put to death for the most vile and heinous of crimes.
Just like some should be put in jail for life.
The only compelling argument (I'm) is the potential for Innocents to be executed.
But I'm also of the belief that capital punishment should be reserved for the worst of the worst, and that it should be completely certain that the perpetor is guilty.
If those conditions are met then they should be put to death and the nuance is eliminated imo.
Me and you probably aren't going to find much common ground here.
Its similar to pro life vs pro choice.
Just like I reject the premise that it is a human life 2 weeks into pregnancy, I reject the premise that everyone has the right to life.
We just vastly disagree on this issue.
If there is even the slightest chance of an innocent dieing then it shouldn't exist imo.
1 Innocent life saved is worth thousands of guilty ones alive.
And also I just can't agree with Murder being legal.
&gt;If there is even the slightest chance of an innocent dieing then it shouldn't exist imo.
1 Innocent life saved is worth thousands of guilty ones alive.
That's a compelling argument.
But I believe the bar should be set high enough for capital punishment that the possibility of innocence should be virtually non exsistent.
I believe it should be reserved for the worst of the worst.
&gt;And also I just can't agree with Murder being legal.
I think you're removing all context to spin the narrative a certain way.
I don't think kidnapping and imprisonment against your will should be legal, but that's exactly what the state does to criminals.
I agree that the second argument isn't strong but,

&gt; That's a compelling argument.
But I believe the bar should be set high enough for capital punishment that the possibility of innocence should be virtually non exsistent.
I believe it should be reserved for the worst of the worst.
People were, are and are going to be wrongfully convicted of the death penalty.
No matter what, it happened, there probably is at least 1 case right now where an innocent person is sitting in Death Row.
You can't set the bar high enough and thus it shouldn't exist.
But that's my point of view.
I also live in Europe so I was probably raised different and thus have a different opinion than you.
(Note: Different not better or worse)
I really appreciate this response because Buchanan scared the shit out of me and I couldn't quite place it.
His was probably the episode that bothered me the most.
The way he carried on about not being able to remember what happened and being blacked out, then showing the police interview he gave after the murders where he recounted everything creeped me the fuck out.
What about repeated crimes for which there are no doubt?
Overwhelming video surveillance, dna, finger prints, eye witness accounts, etc?
Vegas shooter (assuming he wasn't found dead in his room already), that type of thing.
All murderers have one thing in common: the belief that the person they murder deserves to die.
I guess you’re one of them...
Capitol punishment is usually an emotional response.
People like it because it makes them feel good.
That is dangerous.
Prison already isolates them from society so they can't harm more people.
We don't need too kill people to appease some people's sense of justice.
You say we shouldn't pay for them to live in prison but think about what you are saying.
There is no price for someone's life.
Now to the small amount of people who are incapable of rehabilitation and have committed beyond henious crimes.
What does killing them accomplish?
You say it doesn't make us as bad as them?
Well thats wrong.
Killing someone is killing someone.
It doesn't even out like a math equation.
You not might be murderous raping tortureror buy your are still a murder.
Society should be moving towards enlightenment and and understanding.
No matter how you frame it execution is barbaric.
Now personally I don't care if we executed people like Ted Bundy but these are fringe cases.
So we like make exceptions for a couple people?
Do you trust our government to handle life and death like that?
Look who are president is!
It's insane to me that anyone would give anybody that power.
And that doesn't even account for the fact that people are fallible and will fuck up and kill innocent  people.
It needs to be off the table.
&gt;We don't need too kill people to appease some people's sense of justice.
Well we do in some cases.
And I support it.
&gt;You say we shouldn't pay for them to live in prison but think about what you are saying.
There is no price for someone's life.
Exactly why cost is irrelevant.
Some people should be executed for their crimes.
&gt;Now to the small amount of people who are incapable of rehabilitation and have committed beyond henious crimes.
What does killing them accomplish?
Justice.
They don't get to wake up, eat, exercise, and socialize.
They don't get redemption.
They get a punishment that fits the crime.
&gt;You say it doesn't make us as bad as them?
Well thats wrong.
Says who?
So is your position that the allies why just as guilty as the Nazis sentenced to death at the Nuremberg trials?
&gt;Killing someone is killing someone.
It doesn't even out like a math equation.
Lmao the irony .
That's exactly what you're doing... You say it's not a math equation, and are removing context by saying murder is murder.
Do you not see the irony of your comment here?
&gt;You not might be murderous raping tortureror buy your are still a murder.
If you can't see how execution, killing in self defense, and killing because you're a serial killer are all much different, then I can't help you.
&gt;Society should be moving towards enlightenment and and understanding.
No matter how you frame it execution is barbaric.
That's your opinion.
I find it morally wrong that some people are kept alive after the things they've done.
&gt;Now personally I don't care if we executed people like Ted Bundy but these are fringe cases.
So we like make exceptions for a couple people?
Do you trust our government to handle life and death like that?
Look who are president is!
It's insane to me that anyone would give anybody that power.
And that doesn't even account for the fact that people are fallible and will fuck up and kill innocent people.
It needs to be off the table.
About as much as I trust it to lock people away for life.
But as I said, the only compelling argument I can see is the potential for Innocents to die.
Nothing else you've said even remotely sways me.
I honestly feel that life in prison is probably a worse punishment, at least if I were to be given the choice between the two for whatever reason.
Then again, I don't believe in any sort of afterlife, so to me it feels like an easier out.
A quick death rather than slowly wasting away.
I think it comes down to true justice for the families of the victims who were heinously/carelessly taken.
The true sickos deserve to know they’re going to die.
They deserve to be afraid of that date.
Their victims were just as afraid as they were being murdered.
What does torture accomplish?
Definitely not to teach or rehabilitate.
Supporters of the death penalty generally don't advocate it for reasons of retribution, they advocate it because there are defective remorseless human beings who will only cause harm to society, so if there is 100% evidence that they did it, then  the most reasonable course of action is to just remove them from existence.
"Honestly the series made me support capital punishment even moreso.
Some of these people are way beyond rehabilitation."
What someone says who has no knowledge of reality.
If you kill them before they know what they did is wrong, they are in double trouble now and you have joined them on your own connected tangent now.
Until your weak mind learns to look past more than 10 minutes

would be better if they were kept alive and made to suffer until they learn what they did was wrong.
I agree with you on that but it also makes me think better checks need to be put in place.
That show was a mixed bag of sick individuals and some very unfortunate circumstances combine with a conviction hungry seeking death penalty while knowing there is evidence that would disqualified the death penalty.
That shit bugged me on E6 “Declared Competent”.
He knew that the victim charged the killer.
Wouldn’t have made him innocent but would have painted a different picture.
So I support capital punishment but so of the mechanisms used to get people there need to be worked on...
I don't know why you are being downvoted, it is an ethical and moral question that is common in discussions of puntitive rather than restorative justice.
ALSO considering the poor results we have had with lethal injection due to pharma companies not wanting to be party to executions, the primary medium of capital punishment likely fails the 8th amendment standard of being neither cruel nor unsual.
A firing squad would be much more humane.
Which episode number is this?
If i remember correctly it should be episode 8.
I've only seen 8/10 and i remember him being the only one that wasn't in Texas.
The guy that looks like rapper Big Sean.
Edit: 6.
Its episode 6, not 8.
This seems completely counter intuitive - do you have something to back that up?
Episode 7.
I know it’s stupid, but part of me says that since they’re our societies’ rules, people who prove themselves beyond reform should get sent to an island somewhere to live without laws like they want.
It’s hard to justify killing them, for reasons everyone already mentioned, but hard to justify locking someone in a cage for life too, personally.
It just feels cruel.
But so is murder.
Regardless though, they already tried that and now we have Australia.
The very first episode where the guys broke in and killed the 3 sleeping people in the house, I felt that way.
In no way did I feel the one man who was on death row deserved to be there, and he was only placed there because his friend who did all the killing was under 17.
I'm glad now he is not being put to death but has a life sentence.
Eating chocolate during Lent or something.
I agree with the other side of this discussion.
I think /u/blokdak has a valid point.
No, those executions were not stopping, their crimes we're far beyond what most individuals could ever dream to do(whether that dream is malavalent or benevolent isn't relevant in this context)

It's not the killing itself that stoops us to their level.
It's the dehumanization that does it.
When we forget these are people, not monsters, beasts, demons who deserve to die simply on account of who they are.
Because who they are and what they are are different.
No matter who they are, they are people.
They are humans and as such possess human rights.
You cannot forfeit your human rights.
They exist simy for the virtue of being human.
I don't believe most people guilty of the most henious acts aren't just as human as you or I. I do not however believe they saw their victims as human, as worthy of human rights.
They dehumanized the people they did horrible things to, that disconnect, I believe, is part of why remorse is rare.
Generally, if someone shows remorse they don't get labelled as harshly in terms of not being human.
It's that dehumanization, the lack of remorse at the thought of their lives, their pain, their families, that's what drops us to their level.
Is we no longer see a human when we look at them, we see a predator to be made an example of, a monster to be slain.
But, despite their actions, they are humans.
Sometimes himans do terrible shit worthy of death.
That doesn't mean they deserve to suffer.
They made people suffer.
To call it justice and hold a moral high ground society can't fall to their level.
Tl;Dr I don't see an issue with killing a human for their actions.
Dehumanizing anyone and killing them for being a "monster" stoops us to their level.
The moment we don't see them as people, we're looking at them through the same lense they see us.
What’s his full name ?
Would be interested I reading up on this .
Thank you.
I would say YES!
If they can’t be rehabilitated then they are just wasting air .
I’m uk so no death penalty here but there should be.
It would be cheaper.
Why spend a million + keeping someone alive when that money could be  given to the hospitals and save many people instead ?
anyone that supports capital punishment in such a shitty judicial system is in my opinion an imbecile... sorry not sorry.
The core of the justice system is that if there is any doubt on your guilt you are supposed to be found innocent.
You can not therefore introduce a rule where if we are 100% sure you are guilty you can get an X sentence.. Because in doing so the lawmakers would have to admit that the system is broken and that people are being found guilty when there is reasonable doubt..
There's no difference between the two.
Life in prison is just execution by time.
But it's demonstrably proven that it's not cheaper...
Makes me wonder what things I've done that have been blacked out.
Really ?
I would have thought a needle full of poison is cheaper than keeping someone fed and clothed for years .
I’m uk so know nothing about the death penalty.
I think killing another human being is bad for the killer's mental health.
(i.e.
executioners can get some wicked PTSD, I'm sure.
I'm not talking about people murdering for thrill, although often they too are troubled by what they've done eventually.
Not all of them, of course, but a lot of them.)
I wouldn't want to make another human being kill; it can 'leave a mark' on you.
Even if it's death for retribution's sake, I would never want to look at my hands and know they are the hands of a killer.
Even if those hands killed a killer.
As someone who's grown up in abuse, if you asked me if I would murder my abusers or if I ever wanted to?
Yes, of course I've thought about it.
As a young teen it was an escapist's fantasy I replayed often in my mind.
It would /feel/ like justice to prevent this person from ever hurting another.
But that's just the anger speaking.
Actually taking a life is different.
I know it would change me and perpetuate all this grief.
I think people like that need to be stopped from hurting other people by being removed from society, but you have to think about the hand that pulls the lever, pulls the trigger, inserts the needle.
You have to realize that hand is probably connected to someone with morals and good intent, someone who still needs to have joy in their eyes for their loved ones.
Even a doctor who tries their best to save someone only to see them die can have that joy fade from inside; I only wonder what it would be like for your job to be to kill.
I'm Norwegian so no death penalty for us either, I just find the subject fascinating.
Keeping someone fed, clothed, and locked up for years costs a fair bit, this is true.
Death penalty has something of a higher burden of proof.
You have to be *extremely* certain if you're going to kill someone because you don't get a redo afterwards, once they're dead that's that.
and so death penalty inmates have to go through more expensive trials and get a lot of appeals, this costs money, a lot of money.
Yet they still get it wrong far too often

You have to build and maintain some sort of way to carry out executions.
That means special rooms, special teams, special prisons, special everything.
All for what is a relatively small population of criminals.
For California alone abolishing the death penalty would save the state well over 100 million dollars *a year*, by some estimates closer to 200.
There are also a lot of ethical complications.
One being that it is unevenly applied (this is true for the entire justice system, but particularly noticable here).
Things like being black, being male, being large or otherwise scary or creepy looking, these are all things that are likely to up your prison sentence, or in this case makes you more likely to receive the death penalty.
Sean Michael Anderson.
The logic for not using capital punishment is not just the idea that people can be rehabilitated.
There are many other reasons for not using it, but the biggest one is that the criminal justice system is fallible.
Studies regarding the US and capital punishment estimate that about 4% of people who end up on death row are actually innocent.
So we know there's this huge drawback (understatement...) of innocent people who may be exonerated one day being killed.
The question than becomes "what's the advantage of capital punishment as opposed to life without parole?"
The other justifications are... 

1) cost, and from what I've read, the truth is the death penalty is generally cheaper than life without parole if the prisoner were to live more than 7 or 8 years after being imprisoned.
But in the US for example, even though more than half of states have the death penalty, there are only about 25 executions per year (total in all the U.S.), so the cost shouldn't be a significant factor.
2) Deterrence...
Some research says that capital punishment does function as a deterrent, but most conclude that it has no effect at all.
To me, these justifications pale in comparison to the risk of potentially killing an innocent person.
Lol.
He's just sticking to his story.
I'm not from a country where the death sentence is a possibility, but how would you decide which is a heinous enough crime to warrant the death sentence?
I agree with your comments about the structure of the show and I felt the same way while watching it.
It definitely showed many of these inmates could make a great first impression.
Especially Buchanan.
He was so well articulated and then you hear what he did and it made him that much scarier.
Did you always interview the prisoners after talking to the victim’s families, etc?
Listen to episode 95, the job, of the podcast Criminal.
Interesting take on how an executioner felt about the death penalty.
A point of view I had never thought of before...
Brilliant explanation I really appreciate you taking the time to write all that for me .
It makes perfect sense I didn’t even think of any of this.
I’m not sure if you’re using present tense by accident but Bundy was executed.
Getting an American rapper for this name.
Our fallible government already has the right to kill.
When you send the boys to Iraq, Afghanistan or any other military operation, what do you think happens?
Even though there are only 25 executions on average per year, that cost is higher for all inmates on death row while they're in prison, not just the year they're executed.
People on death row also spend on average 15 years in prison before execution.
That money is significant and adds up quickly.
True, but that's different than being able to hand pick and individual to die.
People need to volunteer for the military.
True, there's a draft, but it's still a different thing.
More similar would be the ability for police to shoot people, but even that is not the same.
Police can only shoot people in self defense, same as citizens.
It's true that their definition of self defense might be broader than some may like, and you could argue various points on that, but you certainly cannot argue that the government had the right to send police into an arbitrary person's home and shoot them on the spot and that's perfectly legal.
However, it COULD be possible to pass a law prescribing the death penalty as punishment for, say for example, heresy.
Or political disobedience.
Or really anything at all.
At which point, your arrest, trial, and execution would all be perfectly legal.
A government with the ability to pass laws (all of them), and the ability to decide the punishment for breaking those laws (all of them), if one of the punishments available to it is to simply kill the person breaking that law thereby completely removing the possibility of them doing it again and also deterring other people from committing the same crime in  the future, it may be tempting for said government to use that punishment for things that make its expansion easier.
In the case of murder, rape, and other horrific crimes, completely removing the possibility of a person committing the same crime and deterring others as strongly as possible is a good and desirable thing.
It's exactly what you want.
That's where I'm totally in favor of the death penalty.
But in the case of political disobedience, heresy, speaking out against the government, or basically doing things the government doesn't like, yeah that's a scary possibility.
Edit: generally speaking, I believe in the US we have enough safeguards in place to prevent that kind of obvious abuse.
But who knows.
A lot of safeguards are ignored these days.
And even so, more to the original point, it would be pretty easy for the government (or police officials, judges, jury members) to convict someone accused of a capital crime based on the fact they didn't like them, or had been trouble in the past instead on their guilt for said crime.
Or to falsify evidence.
Etc.
A guy I know cheated on his wife and his excuse was that he has moments where he blacks out and doesn't remember things and thats how it happened.
He was cheating on her for 2 years with the same girl.
He’s sounds like someone with an extreme paranoid personality disorder or something, the way he’d pay guys to open the door for him and stuff too.
Lmao.
[deleted]
Buchanan is an insane PoS who does not deserve parole and who should've been fucking executed.
Time to show him wha a real blackout is like..
America didn't cause death for an ethnic group that was in the millions?
What about Native Americans dude?
Or how about being responsible for the countless deaths of the slave trade, particularly in the horrifying transport across the ocean?
The state doesnt execute out of justice.
They execute out of self-interest, or otherwise those responsible for the nightmare situation in Iraq that led to ISIS would be dead.
They execute criminals on an individual state level out of self-interest, to satisfy the bloodlust of people like you.
So you dont look too closely at other things.
Seems to be working, sadly.
The whole thing isn't just barbaric, its dumb.
Why does America have such a high murder rate compared to the rest of the first world if execution is so great?
Because it's pointless, and only helps satisfy the murderous, lizard instinct of people.
Its reprehensible to think that it should be a part of modern society (and in large parts of the country it was stopped, up until the creeping shitshow of modern conservatism starting gearing up).
When a dog mauls a child to death.. is it more ethical to put that dog down or confine them in a 6x6 pen for life and never let them out?
These people do not demonstrate empathy, love, regard for the rules of society that generally set us apart from the animals.
On what basis should they be treated any differently?
and more cost effective.
it's episode 7.
And he was not the only person they interviewed from Texas.
&gt; Personally I think it should be reserved for the most herendous of crimes where we are certain they are guilty (by dna evidence, witnesses, and what not).
There are individual's out there that I believe should be put to death for their crimes and it's morally wrong (imo) to pay for these people to live and possibly thrive in prison for decades to come.
Ted Bundy dosent deserve redemption, he deserves to be put down.
Same with the Boston Marathon bomber, or the inmate in episode 1 of this series.
To put things simply, killers are people who decided that someone else should die, and killed them.
Killers end a persons life for some reason, the end.
In this situation, you're explaining a bunch of reasons why you think someone should die.
Your reason is "they did a heinous crime", but it's still simply your personal view on why a person should be dead.
How does that make you different from a murderer?
Is "an eye for an eye" worth perpetuating a cycle of violence?
/r/woooosh.
I figure someone is taking the piss.
Deandra Buchanan is his full name.
Its actually episode 6.
The reason your against it is alleviated in part by one of the reasons I dont like how the death sentence is managed: they sit in prison for 20+ years, so they're still harming society by burning through a ridiculous amount of tax-dollars.
I'm not arguing that the sentence should be carried out immediately after reaching a verdict (they deserve a fair opportunity to contest their case), but 30 years is a stupid amount of time for these inmates to be wasting away in prison waiting for their last day.
If &gt;10 years have gone by and absolutely nothing has changed regarding the case, why keep delaying it?
Thanks so much.
&gt; On what basis should they be treated any differently?
Humans ≠ animals.
Humans = Animals when you strip away the socially acceptable behavior.
You’re just a smart animal man.
Let's go with your statement then.
Humans are smart animals and because of that differ from other animals.
UNLESS you refuse to conform to the ideals that set us apart..
Either way, I could care less.
Ya wanna kill the bad guys?
They probably deserve it.
Spend tax dollars keeping the fuckers fed and watered?
I’m sure we waste money on dumber shit.
Was there anyone in particular that gave you the creeps or was everyone pleasant towards you?
[deleted]
[deleted]
You realize that I am going to watch the entire series again now.
Thanks for all the additional details.
What about Lewis?
Do you believe the mild retardation is a factor in his behavior and should he be on death row instead of a psych ward?
[deleted]
Yeah, Dickens really tugged at my heartstrings.
He seemed truly remorseful and had a horrendous childhood - living on the streets with a drug-addicted parent, stealing for food, no education.
Texas never cared about him until the unthinkable occurred.
Those are the 2 our of the lot that we (me n gf) thought had earned their sentence.
They seemed  to play a role without depth.
I thought the same until he admitted he cut someone else during a separate incident.
He’s clearly dangerous.
You push him into a corner, he’ll kill you to get out.
But is that deserving of the death penalty?
My husband and I were just talking about this and although we agreed he possed a threat we don't think it's enough to justify the death penalty

Edit: the that.
[deleted]
I think that’s what the series made me seriously consider.
I’m from Texas - an eye for an eye is the standard.
Although I’ll admit the series made me seriously reconsider that position.
It gave humanity to people I would have otherwise never seen humanity in.
Something about Lewis made me uncomfortable.
In my opinion, he killed someone and he would do it again if the occasion arises.
Therefore, yes, it justifies the death penalty.

Summary: 
I see it as justice.
I felt that same way for some of them.
I do think it's warranted sometimes.
Some people should be executed for their crimes.
Would be interested I reading up on this .
But is that deserving of the death penalty?
I think your argument against it is the most compelling one.
I guess you’re one of them...
I think taking a human life is unethical.
I really like how it was set up in that manner.
What does killing them accomplish?
Life in prison is just execution by time.
I think that's a good reason to be opposed to it.
No matter who they are, they are people.
People like it because it makes them feel good.
I agree with the other side of this discussion.
People were, are and are going to be wrongfully convicted of the death penalty.
Killing someone is killing someone.
I think /u/blokdak has a valid point.
It's the dehumanization that does it.
I wouldn't say the series is particularly for or against the death penalty.
I figure someone is taking the piss.
I’m uk so no death penalty here but there should be.
Even if those hands killed a killer.
&gt;Killing someone is killing someone.
There is no price for someone's life.
The state doesnt execute out of justice.
I believe it should be reserved for the worst of the worst.
I'm glad now he is not being put to death but has a life sentence.
I guess I don't follow the logic.
I look forward to the rest of the series.
Just like some should be put in jail for life.
And also I just can't agree with Murder being legal.
What sort of crimes would justify that?
I know it would change me and perpetuate all this grief.
What's the advantage of killing someone instead of putting them in prison?
Tl;Dr I don't see an issue with killing a human for their actions.
I think it more like "we don't want to stoop down to their level", with 'their level' being the act of killing people.
Some of these people are way beyond rehabilitation.
Some of these people are way beyond rehabilitation."
What out your thoughts on this?
I believe certain individual's should be put to death for the most vile and heinous of crimes.
It makes perfect sense I didn’t even think of any of this.
So we like make exceptions for a couple people?
That's where I'm totally in favor of the death penalty.
How does that make you different from a murderer?
&gt;And also I just can't agree with Murder being legal.
Do you trust our government to handle life and death like that?
I didn’t see that, and in the end, I think most of the folks are where they deserve to be.
It's exactly what you want.
I would say possibly, depending on how premedidiated and vile the crime was.
It doesn't even out like a math equation.
About as much as I trust it to lock people away for life.
Therefore, yes, it justifies the death penalty.
In fact I find it morally repulsive.
A point of view I had never thought of before...
It needs to be off the table.
They get a punishment that fits the crime.
Either way, I could care less.
I think that’s what the series made me seriously consider.
Actually taking a life is different.
People need to volunteer for the military.
It gave humanity to people I would have otherwise never seen humanity in.
I just believe fundementally some people should be put to death when they perform the most heinous of crimes and are beyond rehabilitation.
I’m uk so know nothing about the death penalty.
And I don't think executing someone like the Boston Marathon bomber is "stooping to their levels".
I think killing another human being is bad for the killer's mental health.
You say it doesn't make us as bad as them?
&gt;I think taking a human life is unethical.
But that's my point of view.
Because who they are and what they are are different.
