Original Response: 
[removed]
Set boundaries, and live the life you want.
If you wouldn't put up with that shit from friends who are a couple, you don't have to put up with it from her parents.
You should talk to your gf about it and make sure she doesn't think that behavior is appropriate.
My MIL is batshit and I tried to be nice for many years thinking she'd warm up to me / be less crazy when I got to know her.
When I finally realized what her mental issues were (undiagnosed BPD, among others) I stopped trying to just be nice.
It gets me nowhere, and I don't leave their house / a restaurant we meet at feeling good about myself or about the time spent.
But my husband acknowledges that his mother is not great to be around so we find excuses to be busy a lot of the time in order to establish boundaries.
Ain't nobody got time for batshit inlaws (or date-laws).
I’ve been reading a lot of justnomil because of her but luckily she seems to just be a very anxious person who takes that anxiety out on other people.
She doesn’t (or at least hasn’t yet) done anything mean-spirited.
The worst she’s done is turn GF’s sister’s romantic getaway with her husband into a huge family trip.
But again, they are now paying for the entire trip so it’s hard to say no.
Edit: actually her mom is extremely nice to me.
I think she is somewhat impressed by me and values my opinion.
Or at least, she can tell I wouldn’t put up with it directed at me.
I barely let my own parents tell me what to do.
It’s just painful to watch her trample over her husband and children.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Yeah that really is how she and her sister react.
They both will argue at first and after enough guilt-tripping, wearing them down, etc, it’s like the life goes out of their eyes and they agree to whatever because they just want it to stop.
Most of the time this happens when I’m not around.
If I’m there I can argue with Mom and back them up.
When I’m gone, they magically change their minds to agree with Mom.
She is currently upset that the people who originally planned sister’s trip wanted to do adventuring type stuff - white water rafting, snorkeling, etc, that she and the extended family are just not physically capable of doing.
She tried to institute a rule that every activity has to be one that everyone can participate in.
She’ll say things like “if husband’s mom is capable, so am I!” Not recognizing that she is 10 years older, not active at all, and has severely injured herself slipping on ice, much less any real physical activity.
Jesus Christ.
She's a just no for sure.
I don't have any novel advice, just so much sympathy.
"Abusive people act abusive because they're mean-spirited sociopaths.
The person I know just acts this way because of X reason (anxiety/stress/depression/etc.).
Therefore, they aren't abusive."
--- says every abused person ever

I'm not saying *you're* being abused because this isn't your mother or wife and clearly she's not directing it at you.
But you're using the same logic every person on the planet uses to justify the abusive behavior of the people close to them.
It's a myth that the *real* abusive people are the ones who have zero motivation other than they like to be mean and controlling.
Almost all abusive people tend to be neurotic and have a ton of issues motivating their behavior.
And that's why they often get away with said behavior.
Because the people near to them understand those issues and use them to excuse the behavior.
This is actually enabling, it's the reason these people never have to modify their behavior and change.
And now everyone suffers.
Something to consider is how will you both approach similar experiences when they affect you?
If you get married and you decide with your fiancé that you want c and mom wants y, what happens?
Same goes for potential future children or vacations.
Would you be okay with your romantic adventure vacation being turned into a geriatric family vacation?
Can you avoid eating out with your girlfriends parents for the entirety of your relationship?
This...is enlightening.
&gt; I think she is somewhat impressed by me and values my opinion.
You should take advantage of this.
Go ahead and accept the next dinner invitation.
However, every time she does one of the actions you listed, speak out immediately.
"Why do you have to pour the salsa on?
He can dip his own chips!"
Why are you slapping his hand?
Let him eat what he wants!"
Etc

If she truly values your opinion and your boundaries, maybe she will stop - at least when you're around.
Or maybe she'll get fed up with you, and stop issuing dinner invites.
[deleted]
We talk about the future a lot and are on the same page - of course that is when she is talking to me.
She has caved a few times on things we talked about earlier and while it annoys me, they’re not things that at one year of dating I deserve any control over either.
[deleted]
[removed]
&gt; The worst she’s done is turn GF’s sister’s romantic getaway with her husband into a huge family trip.
But again, they are now paying for the entire trip so it’s hard to say no.
Yea.... paying doesn't make that ok. Obviously no details here, but yikes, I would be furious if my parents tried something like that.
[removed]
I would support a campaign to copy/paste this on nearly every thread on this sub.
I don’t know the full story of how it happened exactly but originally it was SIL/BIL’s trip with no kids.
Then they invited us because we were looking to plan a similar trip with similar activities.
Then Mom got jealous we were all going on a trip together so she decided to go.
That’s where I don’t understand how she got enough info to do this.
BIL regularly says “yeah but you weren’t invited, you invited yourself on this trip!” to her face.
BIL and I made a plan to rent our own car so we could be a little more free.
Mom was trying to angle herself into the carpool so GF made the mistake of saying “you can join in on the car if you pay.” She didn’t quite understand the purpose of not letting Mom pay so she didn’t have an “in” on the car.
[removed]
I'll throw you another one- controlling people love paying for things (if they can afford it) because it gives them control, both over you and the activity.
Mom paid for dinner so she feels entitled to act like that.
Mom paid for the trip so she feels entitled to have everything on it her way.
And not only that, she's adding up "favors" that she's paid for in her head, she will use the fact that you "owe" her for all that she's given you against you if you do not comply with her wishes in future.
I would be very wary how much you take from her, unless you want her along on your honeymoon!
[removed]
So you got a GF problem.
You need to be on the same page together establishing boundaries.
It is her family she is the one that needs to step up.
[removed]
And again — it’s not necessarily mean-spirited!
She’s not cackling to herself as she engineers this control because she consciously wants to make other people miserable.
She just doesn’t view other people as fully autonomous.
“Oh, maybe they’d prefer to do it this way” is not part of her thought process, and placating her own anxieties is more important than anticipating and respecting others’ wishes.
[removed]
Yeah that's pretty huge!
Rude
Doesn't matter that they pay.
It was supposed to be a private vacation.
&gt; That’s where I don’t understand how she got enough info to do this.
&amp;#x200B;

Because your GF or SIL told her the details and either explicitly invited her or just gave her what she needed to invite herself.
Did your GF tell you this story in a way that skimmed past that part?
It sounds like she's embarrassed and knows this needs to change, but it's exhausting to deprogram your entire childhood like that.
And it's hard to find the motivation to start unless someone sits you down and tells you that it absolutely needs to happen.
&gt; they are now paying for the entire trip so it’s hard to say no.
Yes it is (EDIT: "it is easy").
Just say "no, we can handle paying for it, thanks anyway"
&gt; they’re not things that at one year of dating I deserve any control over either.
To be clear, "control" isn't really a thing that you earn later on, either -- you always have control over things that involve you, and you are invited to be involved in more things as time goes on.
What you can look at, instead, is if you're happy being with someone who makes these decisions.
It's tragic as hell that your GF has been bullied into doing whatever her mom says, but you can't make the decision to stop obeying her mom for her.
&gt; If I’m there I can argue with Mom and back them up.
When I’m gone, they magically change their minds to agree with Mom.
You should really work on changing this with your girlfriend sooner rather than later, because it's not going to change on its own.
And if she can't or won't stand up to her mom, imagine what would happen if you guys were planning a wedding, or a vacation of your own, or had kids?
Seeing as you've been reading justnomil, remember that a lot of the worst ones were just mildly embarrassing until the engagement/wedding/baby.
If she babies an adult like this, how will she be about grandkids?
Worth noting if that's a path you're taking.
Hey!
He gets plenty of salad dressing, jelly, and coffee creamer!
It sounds like they are paying a hefty fee.
It’s just in time, sanity, and self-respect.
It’s not hard to say no to the trip at all.
And actually what she is doing is financially controlling.
I’d rather pay for myself/have a cheaper holiday than have to listen to MIL telling everybody how to spend their time.
That would be a “fuck no” from me.
You’re actually kind of... normalising her behaviour because it’s not directed at you.
This shit is obnoxious, weird and controlling.
If you’re happy being confrontational (and your girlfriend is ok for you to do so, because in the end it’s her family and if you guys break up she’s left with them unless she cuts contact) then start calling MIL out every time.
“That’s weird jan, let bob feed himself”, “let me call the waiter to pour so you don’t spill again” etc etc.
Thank you.
She comes across as straight up abusive to me.
I was thinking that dad needs an intervention with family and a board certified therapist present.
SIL has kids, and they seem to be helpful.
I don’t know what they’d do when we don’t want them living with us for months though.
I know SIL choosing her parents over her husband has been an issue for them in the past.
True, I see what you’re saying.
It was a money-related thing and we obviously don’t have shared finances at 1 year.
I felt like MIL’s anxiety caused GF to way overspend on her apartment to placate MIL.
Maybe I should keep finances separate going forward...
Piece of advice, if you end up marrying GF, and want to have the wedding the way you want it, remember this trip and never accept financial assistance from GF's parents.
Not a single cent.
It may start off as a 'gift' with no strings attached so you and her little girl can have your dream wedding but she will take over the planning to the point where you'd have no say on who is on the guest list and which dress your GF will wear.
This.
I needed to read this because there is no excuses.
To an extent I think its how often you have to deal with the situation and being in laws, that's family enough to be comfortable with and not accept mistreatment and respectfully call them out, in however the situation calls for.
Ima put that comment in my saves.
[deleted]
Until you guys agree (and she sticks to it) that her mother doesn’t dictate how you two spend your money... yea don’t do it.
Have y’all discussed specific stuff like the apartment?
Does it affect GF’s life and ability to do things (I’m guessing saving to buy a house or cool vacations would be out bc she’s spending more than ideal on what’s essentially temporary living)
I'm sorry, are you saying that because your SIL has kids, that their mother stays over at their house for months at a time to be with them, or something?
Can you elaborate on this a little more?
Because my imagination is running wild... 

&gt;I don’t know what they’d do when we don’t want them living with us for months though.
This + the mom convincing your GF to get a bigger, nicer apartment than she needs makes me think the mom plans to just crash there whenever she wants "because there's room..."   Does mom feel entitled to her kids' private spaces?
This may be an assumption, based on the little you wrote, but my goodness that could turn into a huge deal breaker!

Summary: 
It’s not hard to say no to the trip at all.
I needed to read this because there is no excuses.
She's a just no for sure.
If I’m there I can argue with Mom and back them up.
True, I see what you’re saying.
&gt; If I’m there I can argue with Mom and back them up.
&gt; they are now paying for the entire trip so it’s hard to say no.
I barely let my own parents tell me what to do.
But again, they are now paying for the entire trip so it’s hard to say no.
Let him eat what he wants!"
It is her family she is the one that needs to step up.
And actually what she is doing is financially controlling.
That’s where I don’t understand how she got enough info to do this.
I think she is somewhat impressed by me and values my opinion.
It’s just in time, sanity, and self-respect.
&gt; That’s where I don’t understand how she got enough info to do this.
&gt; I think she is somewhat impressed by me and values my opinion.
Mom paid for the trip so she feels entitled to have everything on it her way.
Mom paid for dinner so she feels entitled to act like that.
I know SIL choosing her parents over her husband has been an issue for them in the past.
Most of the time this happens when I’m not around.
&gt; they’re not things that at one year of dating I deserve any control over either.
