Original Response: 
_EDIT:_
&gt; Wowza, that was fun!
Alas, gotta get back to registering young people to vote.
Thanks to all for your questions on the ever-confusing world of voter reg.
&gt; 1 in 8 voter registrations are invalid.
Double check your reg status here: www.vote.dosomething.org.
&gt; If you need anything else, catch me here: www.twitter.com/@m_beats

---
I’m Michaela Bethune, Head of Campaigns at [DoSomething.org](https://www.dosomething.org/us), the largest tech not-for-profit exclusively dedicated to young people   social change and civic action.
I work everyday to ensure that young people, regardless of their party affiliation or ideology, make their voices heard in our political system by registering and voting.
In doing this work, I’ve had to learn the ins and outs of each state’s laws and make sure that our online voter registration portals, our members who run on-the-ground voter registration drives, and our messaging strategy are completely compliant with the complexities of voter registration rules and regulations as a not-for-profit, 501c3.
Today is National Voter Registration Day!
Since 2012, every year on the fourth Tuesday of September, hundreds of thousands of first-time voters register to vote on this day.
It’s an amazing celebration of our democracy -- a time for all Americans to come together and get ready to vote.
Curious about your state’s voter registration laws and how you can get registered?
Or about the first voter registration laws?
Or which state asked the question, “How many bubbles are in a bar of soap” for a literacy test to register to vote?
Ask Me Anything about the world of voter registration, voter suppression, rights at the polls, or any other topic you think of!
While you’re waiting for an answer, take 2 minutes and make sure you’re registered to vote and that your address is up to date by heading to [vote.dosomething.org](http://vote.dosomething.org/)

Proof: https://i.redd.it/kmzl31d6j8n11.jpg.
[deleted]
...or even automatic.
dude texas is super bad, if you move to a different county even a neighboring county, you don't do a change of address, you have to re-register to vote, what a freaking pain in the butt.
You're right, it's SO complicated.
For a bit of context on how we got here, voter reg laws started in MA in 1800 when the election officials could no longer recognize all the eligible voters on sight and really expanded after that to the rest of the country.
And since states have the power to administer elections, there's a great deal of variance and complexity with voter registration laws.
North Dakota doesn't have voter registration.
California just implemented automatic voter registration and more states are moving toward a better system for all voters.
Again, it just comes down to states being able to make their own rules.
[deleted]
[removed]
[deleted]
Live in Texas, have moved 3 times in the last 7 years.
Never had to re-register.
It was done as part of my change of address with the USPS.
it's not complicated, that's the point.
Registering in MN is super easy.
I just helped a client do it online and it took a couple of minutes.
It’s almost like there’s a group, a party one might say, that benefits greatly from working class people being unable to figure out how to register.
[deleted]
10th amendment.
Are you Republican or Democrat?
That might play a factor into it.
Maybe.
[deleted]
&gt; California just implemented automatic voter registration

How does this work?
Could this accidentally register someone who isn't eligible to vote (underage, not a state resident, lacking certain immigration status, disqualifying conviction, etc.)
in many countries...it's not even needed.
I have voted after moving in a new district (in Canada), merely by showing up on election day with proof of address.
You don't register for a Party in Texas, so no, that's not a factor.
Not necessarily.
See [this guide by the LA Times](http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-me-pol-ca-motor-voter-law-20151016-html-htmlstory.html) on the basics of how "automatic voter registration" works in California.
Because the LA Times has a paywall, I'll try to post the relevant excerpts below:
&gt; **What is the process?
**

&gt;When people go to the DMV to obtain or renew a driver's license, or to get a state identification card, they’ll be asked for the usual information in such transactions, such as their name, date of birth and address.
They’ll also be asked to affirm their eligibility to vote and will be given the choice of opting out of registering at that time.
Information about anyone who does not decline registration will be electronically transmitted from the DMV to the secretary of state’s office, where citizenship will be verified and names will be added to the voter rolls.
&gt;**Is this really “automatic” voter registration?
**

&gt;Not quite.
No one who is eligible will be registered to vote without their knowledge.
Proponents of the New Motor Voter Act have emphasized how the electronic transmittal of information will simplify the process.
Lori Shellenberger, voting rights director for the ACLU of California, called the law “a gold standard for what is an automated voter registration, but not automatic.”

&gt;**How is this law different from Oregon’s, where automatic registration was first enacted?
**

&gt;The key difference is the timing of the “opt-out” choice.
In Oregon, there are no questions about voter registration at the point of service at the DMV.
Rather, the DMV forwards people's information to the secretary of State.
Those deemed eligible receive a card in the mail that informs them of their registered status and allows them to pick a political party or to opt out of registration.
&gt;**What about people in the country illegally who are able to obtain driver's licenses in California under a law passed in 2013?
**

&gt;Padilla noted that there is already a separate process for residents in the country illegally to apply for special licenses.
Although citizens are currently offered the opportunity to register to vote at the DMV under an earlier federal law, noncitizens are not.
That will continue under the new registration process.
People applying for the special licenses will not be asked about their eligibility to vote and will not be asked if they’d like to opt out of registration.
&gt;“We’ve built the protocols and the firewalls to not register people that aren’t eligible,” Padilla said.
“We’re going to keep those firewalls in place."
Edit: Fixed formatting
Edit Edit: Fixed link.
Yeah we can't do it online, we submit it through mail.
That sucks.
I sometimes forget how good we have it in MN.
Fantastic - thanks!
"I don't have any experience running elections, but from my very shallow point of view it's super easy."
Like what do you even know?
It's fantastically complicated.
No problem!
Oh ok cool.
1) Call the registrar's office and request a card through the mail.
2) When the card arrives, fill it out and return it via mail.
3) Receive your new card.
This is a "freaking pain in the butt"?
lol i have run elections in my country.
Working class voters are running away from the party that could once count on their vote without worry.
Might be because that party thinks they aren't smart enough to register to vote.
Checks and balances don’t do anything about factionalized groups tearing one another apart.
Only person who foresaw this was our fucking founding president, which is why he refused to join a party.
Our problems were predicted literally by our first president.
Just because its different, doesn't mean its fucked up.
The US started as a 13 individual countries coming together.
As such, a lot of things that are considered to be under the perview of the national government by the rest of the world, are left to the individual states per the Constitution.
Voting was one of those things that was left to the states to oversee.
[deleted]
I hope beyond hope that they haven't found a loop hole to allow illegal aliens a way to vote...California is well known for trying to break the rules.
It should be an easy online change like when you change residences in the same county.
Having to wait for snail mail for a simple change,and ensuring it doesn't get lost in the mail is a pain in the butt.
I did the change of address with usps, and I had to rereigster still, it shows my old county in my voter registration status.
So I guess sometimes it doesn't work.
What country?
It would benefit the democrats to keep the working class out of the polls and they are the party that is against legislation to make voting easier.
That’s exactly what this is.
[deleted]
Listen, I’m not trying to call you out, but I don’t think you’re being truthful.
Your post history doesn’t exactly show us someone that is running elections.
I’m not even trying to be partisan, it’s just that there is too much misinformation, and too much deception on both sides to trust anyone/anything.
It’s not easy, and you have never ran a country’s election.
I don't understand.
Could you clarify?
[deleted]
My understanding (based on [this website](https://www.sos.ca.gov/elections/california-motor-voter/frequently-asked-questions/) from the California Secretary of State) is that lying on this form would open you up to perjury charges.
This would be a felony [punishable by up to 4 years in prison](https://www.dailybreeze.com/2017/04/18/whats-the-penalty-for-lying-to-the-dmv/).
I am not a lawyer, however.
(By the way, the Daily Breeze is a local newspaper here in California.)
Mailing it to the voter’s address helps protect against fraud.
And as the work of truethevote.org has shown, fraud is a constant threat.
[deleted]
Yeah, for the Ontario provincial election this year I got my voter's card at my parents' address after moving because I hadn't realized that even though I changed my driver's license, my info wasn't sent to elections Ontario, so I did it online, but even if I hadn't I found out I could've just showed up to the poll on election day anyway.
I would've had to wait a bit to register, but I could've done it.
Right?
When I turned 18 I was given a voter registration in social studies class and I filled it out there and then.
If an 18 year old that didn’t give a shit about voting can do it anyone can.
Aw man, that stinks.
For me it wouldn't be that hard this year, I've received 3 or 4 pieces of junk mail from the County and the State reminding me to get registered.
In my country everyone eligible to vote (i.e.
citizens over 18) will just get a ‘voter pass’ in the mail.
Hand it in at any polling station and you’re good to go.
The pass even lists the one closest to your house.
I don’t understand what the point of voter registration is.
I mean, sure in the 1800’s, but today it seems to make little sense.
Yeah, in my country you are automatically registered at your primary residence, or for expats their last primary residence.

Summary: 
Or about the first voter registration laws?
I don’t understand what the point of voter registration is.
Today is National Voter Registration Day!
Curious about your state’s voter registration laws and how you can get registered?
North Dakota doesn't have voter registration.
I am not a lawyer, however.
&gt;**Is this really “automatic” voter registration?
&gt; 1 in 8 voter registrations are invalid.
Registering in MN is super easy.
&gt; California just implemented automatic voter registration

How does this work?
That will continue under the new registration process.
lol i have run elections in my country.
No one who is eligible will be registered to vote without their knowledge.
In my country everyone eligible to vote (i.e.
Voting was one of those things that was left to the states to oversee.
So I guess sometimes it doesn't work.
In Oregon, there are no questions about voter registration at the point of service at the DMV.
Alas, gotta get back to registering young people to vote.
Like what do you even know?
