Original Response: 
[deleted]
The price to pay to immediately take possession of your Bitcoins without waiting on bank transfers.
Despite all my purchases on Coinbase they still haven’t given me instant access to my coins.
Not that it really matters all that much since they are going into cold storage anyway, but being able to buy and immediately get the coins is a huge value add and worth the premium if you ask me.
Coinbase also has a premium on top of a percentage fee.
What's their premium / fee?
The market value of BTC was $6420; the buy price on Coinbase for $1000 worth was $6452.10 **and** a fee of $14.68.
So still not as steep but I do agree with people about the benefit of having it instantly to transfer out.
Wouldn't that Coinbase bitcoin be instantly transferable as well or no?
Not sure why I'm being downvoted just for asking you what the premium and fee was but I appreciate you telling me for the sake of this post being as least somewhat informative.
For me no, it usually takes 5-10 days for delivery to my Coinbase wallet.
Apparently Coinbase has rolled out instant delivery, but I imagine it’s for high rolling customers.
5-10 days to move bitcoin??
I used Coinbase a long time ago and I thought I remembered it being instant transfer, as instant as it can transfer on the blockchain anyway...

&amp;#x200B;

What are you saying takes 5-10 days?
Is that overall the time from depositing money into coinbase to buying bitcoin to moving it out or what?
When I buy I don’t have money on Coinbase already so they have to take it from my bank, so I put in the buy order and from that day it’s usually 5 days for Coinbase to put the Bitcoin in my Coinbase wallet.
Transfer from Coinbase to my own wallet is a normal Bitcoin transaction and goes quickly.
The time between buying and getting the Bitcoin is likely due to Coinbase wanting to cover their ass by waiting for the money from my bank.
Yeah I will say what CashApp does right is trusting your money sources quickly enough to make the purchase.
I guess because it has the foundation of Square.com?
It's interesting that Coinbase can't pull the money from banks nearly as quickly, but I'm guessing it's because Square built the foundation as a USD moving company long before joining the bitcoin crowd.
(I have to edit this, because every reply I need to wait 10 minutes since this is a new account, but I like what u/GeneralZex replied with.
Good both as an investor in Square and Bitcoin.
The idea of all Square payment locations accepting Bitcoin is so huge.
I live in an area where those things are everywhere)
And we may, hopefully, see roll out to Bitcoin transactions on their merchant platform, opening up every Square established business as a place to spend Bitcoin.
Coinbase Pro: 100% free on maker orders.

Summary: 
5-10 days to move bitcoin??
I guess because it has the foundation of Square.com?
Good both as an investor in Square and Bitcoin.
Wouldn't that Coinbase bitcoin be instantly transferable as well or no?
