Original Response: 
I played GW2 back in 2013ish.
My 11yo daughter is interested, so I'm looking to start playing again.
She has little experience with video games and none with MMO.
It sounds like she's interested in playing a Guardian.
I'm looking for class / build recommendations for me as a supporting player.
Thoughts and suggestions please?
I'm currently thinking Ranger since I don't want to do Warrior again and I want something a little less involved to play than a Thief.
I would think that Ranger would be fun for a kid of her age and experience.
It would let her keep her distance from the fighting while you take aggro.
Plus, what kid wouldn't want Ranger pets?
:)  I suppose the same logic would extend to minion master Necros too.
Yep.
However, summoning the dead and causing plagues and torment and stuff probably isn't the right thing for an 11 year old ;-)

edit: since many responses tell that the kids like that - you actually know your kids better, so I don't care what you do ;-) Was just pointing out.
Haha tbh kids that age love dark stuff!
My daughter also plays and was in a necro phase when she was younger.
Never treat kids with condescension.
A Necromancer, especially in this game, isn't going to be given anyone nightmares.
Well then, okay :-D.
Same here, also my nieces when they saw me playing fell in love with my DH and Reaper (one found the bone minion cute and the mini risen chicken o.o)

I remember one said my dh looked like a holy knight but was female (she is into medieval stories currently), the younger other liked my reaper because she looked like a witchy hero.
I mean I was into all sort of necromantic stuff thematically since I was 12 years old and read Garth Nix’s *Abhorsen Trilogy*
Dang.
I hadn't considered the pets aspect.
That's probably going to be a must!
Hey!
I read those books!
Did you read his days/the house series?
I have read the days one yeah.
Like *Mister Monday* *Twisted Tuesday* ones?
I think so, yeah.
They feature the house and the will etc.
Yeah I kinda remember that.
Lol I loved the Abhorsen trilogy my online name for like everything is Sabriel.
My GW2 account name, it’s part of my gamer tag etc.
always loved the name.
And so few people recognize it.
I dunno I still get nightmares from getting rekt with condis by scourges.
try to convince her that longbow is an ugly looking weapon so she doesn't fall in love with the 4 skill.
I said "Necromancer" not evil sand demon from the 8th circle of hell.

Summary: 
Yeah I kinda remember that.
I have read the days one yeah.
I played GW2 back in 2013ish.
I hadn't considered the pets aspect.
Plus, what kid wouldn't want Ranger pets?
