Original Response: 
Intentionally consume dangerous chemicals, die.
No one does that.
The purpose of pill testing is so that people don’t *unintentionally* consume dangerous chemicals.
The intentional consumption of pure MDMA is close to harmless,
All illegal drugs (other than maybe weed) are already considered dangerous.
Testing to confirm this is like testing whether or not jumping off a cliff is dangerous.
They have low 'therapeutic' windows and severe acute/long term abuse effects - MDMA notably leads to lethal hyperthermia on a regular basis.
I don't actually think you have a handle on the situation mate.
You are talking from a position of ignorance and trying to sound like an expert...
Surely you can see that anyone that actually knows the slightest about the subject can see straight through it?
Instead of posting ridiculous shit why don't you spend some time and actually do some reading?
All you're doing is patting yourself on the back for being lazy and uninformed: it accomplishes nothing.
It depends on what your measure of "dangerous" is.
I disagree that MDMA has a low window of safe use.
Almost nobody dies from using MDMA, even irresponsibly, most of the issue are from not knowing dosage or purity.
It is actually very safe and has a very low level of addiction.
You can overdose on all drugs, even caffeine.
If you abuse any drugs you'll experience issues, but that's not in itself a reason to make it illegal, otherwise we'd have alcohol and tobacco illegal.
[deleted]
[removed]
[removed]
Your last point isn't strong, alcohol and tobacco would never be legalized again today if not for its historic and cultural significance.
How regular of a basis are we talking, pal?
Over the course of my life I've been surrounded by literally hundreds of thousands of people, sometimes at once, under the influence of MD and it's still been a very fucking rare occurrence for anyone to have had a lethal case of hypothermia.
In fact, testing of drugs such as MDMA proves just for fucking safe they are for general use for a crazy high percentage of the populace.
You're talking shit, so shut the fuck up.
Lol fairly recently a western country very similar to our own made alcohol illegal and guess what happened after that?
Hint: they legalised it.
[removed]
[Safe but it kills you](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/j.0953-816X.2004.03453.x)
Legalised because they realised it was too ingrained in society.
Modern illegal drugs are much more recent and we haven't made that mistake yet.
Some people seem to want to.

Summary: 
Intentionally consume dangerous chemicals, die.
You're talking shit, so shut the fuck up.
[Safe but it kills you](https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/j.0953-816X.2004.03453.x)
It depends on what your measure of "dangerous" is.
