Original Response: 
The real conspiracy is all these NON Americans in this sub posting about taxes As if they have a right to Americans money.
So Tax cuts give money back to the American worker and cuts funding to the world..
If anything we need to cut our military spending and continue tax cuts.
In fact labor should never be taxed only production and consumption should be taxed, this frees the worker and puts the burden on corporations and allows you to be taxed only on what you buy.
Wealthy people who buy big would pay big.
If you don't want their comments then post this shit in an American subreddit.
TIL /r/conspiracy was 'merica only.
How much tax cut does the average  worker get in these cuts ?
These sorts of tax cuts don’t help the average American.
Trickle down economics is a lie.
If you want tax cuts to help the greater citizenry then cut taxes on gas.
Corporations would just lobby to get the government to cut their taxes or raise prices?
Great question.. it really depends where you fall on the scale..  here is last years calculator... 
i couldn’t find a this year one.
https://www.foxbusiness.com/politics/tax-calculator-what-tax-reform-means-for-you.
I think I know what you meant but you missed the mark.
It greatly helps the average american.. it does not help the extreme poverty based Americans because it was a cut to taxes and most impoverished households get back more tax returns than they paid in due to things like child credit.
Most households gained at least two hundred dollars in their monthly budget.
There would be chaos.
Prices would likely inflate to find a buyers balance, meaning buyers decide is it worth it to me and if they dont buy prices would fall or businesses would close.
But you also have to think if you have 30% more income your willing to spend more money on products.
Look at the history of the income tax.
It started around 1919.
&gt;Tax cuts for the rich "cut funding for the world"?
What does that even mean?
&gt;  
&gt;No way, let's tax the fuck out of the super rich, slash the military budget, end the War on Drugs, and used the proceeds to help actual poor and working-class people, because all lives matter.
&amp;#x200B;
You ask the question for an explanation.. 
by Taxing only Corporations and Consumption by purchases and dropping all labor based taxes you are putting most of the burden on the rich.
Rich buy the most and own the most.
What I mean by Funding the world is .. 1) being the worlds defense force and military police.. this cost a third of our debt.
2) Most aid programs are a joke.. the cost of a box of clothing that would cost 10.00 in a thrift store in the united states, costs the US after all costs attached somewhere around two grand.
Using haiti earthquake numbers here.
3) purposeful trade imbalances with backend deals.
These three things are really what I mean we should cut completely out of doing that waste American money on foreign interests.
And putting the national debt on those that can carry it instead of the worker class.

Summary: 
Rich buy the most and own the most.
Look at the history of the income tax.
&gt;Tax cuts for the rich "cut funding for the world"?
These sorts of tax cuts don’t help the average American.
How much tax cut does the average  worker get in these cuts ?
