Original Response: 
Penny stocks are $5.00 or below...it’s been a penny stock for over a year.
But still crazy it’s under a dollar.
It's careening toward bankruptcy, once it sells off Kenmore, Sears will be pretty much done.
Lampert destroyed Sears.
Their cash registers run on windows 97 and crash while there’s a line of customers.
I worked corporate IT there less then a decade ago, I'm pretty sure it's OS2 not windows.
That's way worse, in case you didn't know.
OS2 oh fuck every where i've worked always has one or two special devices that run on OS2 usually just image a drive from a ghost taken 20 years ago slap it in and hope for the best.
couldn't imaging having thousands of them.
Definitely OS2.
That describes it exactly how I understand they use it.
This was second hand, I did not work with the POS machines.
&gt;windows 97

&gt;a line of customers

Not sure which lie is worse.
Which has basically been Lampert's goal from the beginning.
Destroy the company and liquidate the assets for personal gain.
It's telling that he's using his other company to buy off some of their best assets.
POS POS machines?
Windows 97 isn't a thing.
98 maybe?
Windows 95 was replaced by Windows 98.
Last time I went there, I tried to buy a cheese grater, which they had on display and were marked as on sale.
They scanned it, said they don't sell cheese graters.
I'm like "what?
They're over there.
You marked the price down".
But they refused to sell it to me.
They had accidentally stocked cheese graters, then accidentally marked the price down, and still made no effort to remove them from the sales floor, which is presumably chock full of stuff they don't sell.
They already did.
Lamperts investments company heritage bought home services and Kenmore a few months ago.
is it a good time to buy shares?
No, not at all.
They've been slowly dying for years.
How can they have 900 big showroom stores in prime locations and be worth under $100 million?
Are they all leased?
They used to all be owned but Lampert (through Seritage) sold the properties to himself and rented/leased them back to sears, probably at high rates.
The whole thing is a giant asset strip designed to enrich Lampert.
Mostly, yes.
Is the idea there to acquire the expensive properties before Sears goes bankrupt and has everything liquidated?
It sounds like the idea was to command Sears into bad deals with his own company.
Isn't that highly illegal self-dealing?
Why isn't he being sued by other shareholders?
&gt; OS2

Point of Sale

or


Cash registers.
Couldn't sears' other creditors sue him for those assets?
He is also Sears' biggest creditor...

http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-sears-ceo-eddie-lampert-hedge-fund-20180927-story.html.
While it's not windows 97, it's OS/2, Windows 95c's nickname was Windows 97.
I had it.
(First windows to support USB)
You’d be enabling a CEO acting in bad faith, so no.
Pretty sure that was a joke.
“Piece of shit point of sale”.
I thought about shorting the fuck out of it last year.
But opted not to thinking the slight chance they get rescued.
I should've shorted them.
Shoulda walked out with it , can't steal what they don't sell right ?
Because America and the 1%.
ofcourse not, they're going to go backrupt and when they liquidate common stockholders have the least seniority in getting their money back.
Assholes!
Still wouldn’t buy it.
I kind want to go buy $10 or something just maybe be that guy with the story about 20 years ago when he invested $10 and now he's a trillionaire, etc.
Who wouldn't wanna be that guy tbf.
If you want to take a long shot do it on an up and coming company, not one that's already cut its head off and is just running around like a dead chicken.
It's the same reason I buy a Powerball ticket every now and then.
I've no realistic expectations of winning even my $2 back, but damn, wouldn't it be awesome to suddenly have $200 million?
"Hello, Dean Witter, please.
Speaking?
Yes.
I'd like to buy some Xerox stock.
Never heard of it, huh?
What about IBM?
Selling at a nickel a share ?
I'll take 'em all!"
You'd be better served folding a $10 bill into a paper airplane and tossing it out the window -- it'd at least have a return in minor amusement value.
Sears has been being intentionally driven into the ground for years, it isn't supposed to recover, and everything of value is being systematically spun loose and sold.
I'd short it.
Buyers are like you are the reason it's been bleeding so long instead of instacrashing.
Extra credit for using Dean Witter, which is the now-defunct brokerage that Sears bought decades ago.
They opened offices in Sears stores and created the Discover Card using Dean Witter.
Dean Witter Discover company got merged into Morgan Stanley, which eventually spun off Discover as the separate company it is today.
And the remnants of Dean Witter exist as part of Morgan Stanley.
So those survived long past Zombie-Sears.
The company has so little value left in it that even the CEO and his hedge fund are out of financial black magic tricks to squeeze more value out of it.
I suppose your odds of making dough off Sears are better than buying into the Powerball though.
I fully understand just how unlikely it is to win powerball and still think it's the better buy.
Who?
Eh if you had $50 to spare toss it at SEARS cross your fingers and pray they find their Steve Jobs.
Chances are your losing your $50.

Summary: 
Windows 97 isn't a thing.
I'd like to buy some Xerox stock.
But they refused to sell it to me.
It's the same reason I buy a Powerball ticket every now and then.
Couldn't sears' other creditors sue him for those assets?
I thought about shorting the fuck out of it last year.
It's telling that he's using his other company to buy off some of their best assets.
is it a good time to buy shares?
Selling at a nickel a share ?
That describes it exactly how I understand they use it.
(First windows to support USB)
Pretty sure that was a joke.
