Original Response: 
[deleted]
You should spend time post-breakup not jumping into another relationship and instead focusing on improving yourself.
I feel ready though Ik it's going to help and not hurt.
I am past the rebound stage and believe me i had one I was securing dates with girls that I wasn't even attracted to.
Also, I am working on self-improvement in the background I play tenor drums in the drumline at high school and I've been grinding my \_\_\_ off so I can get really good to flex on her when we play next week.
Why don’t you just talk to them both like normal people and see which one you have more chemistry with as opposed to trying to “flex” on them and “lock down” dates.
I'm only tryna flex on my ex.
Exactly dude.
You need to start thinking of girls as people you’re forming relationships with instead of just characters in your little world to pull power moves on.
Until then man you kind of sound like an immature little douche.
And I say that not to try to make you feel bad or insult you, but to give you honest feedback of how you’re presenting yourself to the world.
Wdym are you saying that I'm in the relationships just to make my ex jealous or do you mean that I am only self improving so I can flex on my ex.
I don’t know why you have any desire to “flex” on anyone?
I mean

I feel like it's justified no?
She broke up with me so I have the desire and motivation to self improve and show her she made a mistake.
You “self-improving” to spite somebody kind of defeats the point doesn’t it?
It’s a sign of immaturity.
You should work on self improvement because it’s good for you.
Part of improving yourself involves examining who you are as a person and who you want to be and why.
That’s where real maturation happens.
Not trying to stick it to your ex for breaking up with you haha.
You're right that's valid.
Which girl though.
Neither!!
How old are you?

Summary: 
I mean

I feel like it's justified no?
I'm only tryna flex on my ex.
You should work on self improvement because it’s good for you.
