Original Response: 
[deleted]
Damn carful what you post I guess.
*slaps roof*

This badboy can fit so many incriminating posts!
Did you just slap the roof of Reddit?
Is that...
*legal?
*
Not according to OP’s company.
*slaps roof*

This badboy can fit so many bots!
Reddit was found in 2005... That's [legal enough](https://imgur.com/ZOjgxto) in japan.
good bot.
I will make it legal.
[deleted]
Not.
Yet.
Not.
Yet.
[deleted]
Canada too, as long as you're between the age of 12 and 14.
This is exactly why I delete my accounts every 6-12 months.
There always comes a point where there's too much identifiable information associated with my account from normal use.
can I take my username name right back?
This post is kinda making paranoid, I bet I’ve got some incriminating stuff on this account.
Good thing I'm paranoid and always under the impression that someone is watching me...
Probably some really really bored person.
Who keeps yelling at the screen to do something interesting or get it together girl...
Sorry Mr. FBI man I'm a boring person :'(
Nope.
Usernames are unique, even after deleting an account.
It's a small price to pay for improved anonymity.
Is the username /u/thisismyaltaccountsoicanpostaboutwork available?
good bot.
[removed]
Even though it's only 2 years a 14 year old having sex with a 12 year old sounds pretty creepy.
Well, if you think about it, a 12 yr old and a 14 yr old could easily be in the same class.
Especially if the 12 yr old is almost 13, and the 14 yr old only just turned 14.
Reminds me I need to do this.
Have been putting it off for a few months.
On to account #4.
Yeah, I'm just thinking back to when I was that age and not so long ago when my youngest sister was.
Once kids hit puberty I can't really guess if their 14-16 but most 12 year olds still look like 12 year olds.
I'm definitely not advocating legal consequences against them it's just a gross thought.
no.
this is illegal.Therefore, we should all go to gulag.
In that case wouldn't everything be archived somewhere and easy to tie together regardless of deleting?
Then it wouldn't even matter if someone were to periodically delete if they still say these things in the first place.
There's nothing guaranteeing your anonymity.
These are just steps to make it harder.
The chances of me letting enough identifying information slip in a 6 month period is significantly lower than if I kept my account across 5 years.
There is nothing associating Account #1 with Accounts #2, #3, #4, #5, or #6, so you're resetting the bar of "how much can I say until someone can patch together my identity" with each reset.
The idea is to do the reset *before* someone can patch together your identity beyond a reasonable doubt.
If you have a tendency to post "Hi, my name is Bob and I work at Ford", you're obviously not concerned about anonymity... since someone could piece together your identity from that single comment.
The main thing is comments by deleted accounts show as authored by \[deleted\] to the general public.
Only reddit has the comment archive, and I don't know enough about their backend if they keep track of which comments were by \[deleted\] accounts.
That kind of info isn't public, and would require expensive legal action to get to.
This is exactly why I flat out lie and make shit up in every third post or so.
Would regularly deleting posts help?
Yeah, but that is significantly more work.
There's plugins to do it, but I'd rather just delete the account entirely.
Do note that there's also plugins out there that un-delete comments.
So if you're deleting comments, but they're still associated with "queseyoqueyoquese", they could still be used to piece together your identity.
Whereas deleting an account makes it a lot more difficult to tie together comments from "Throwaway69" to "queseyoqueyoquese".
You're thinking of the NSA, and if you've ever had sex with a smartphone, Amazon Speaker, Google Home, laptop, desktop with a microphone plugged in, smart TV, or handheld game console with a microphone in the room, they've heard it.
So have all my neighbors lol.
This being the internet, wouldn't it be more viable to create little white lies or inconsistencys hidden through out your profile that even if it was said to be your account, there would be insufficient evidence to actually prove it to be yours?
It would be hard for anyone but Reddit to link multiple accounts.
It's a risk reduction, even if it's not 100% bulletproof.
So this is how privacy dies, with Corporate investigations.

Summary: 
I will make it legal.
Usernames are unique, even after deleting an account.
Reminds me I need to do this.
Would regularly deleting posts help?
This is exactly why I delete my accounts every 6-12 months.
Damn carful what you post I guess.
There's plugins to do it, but I'd rather just delete the account entirely.
There's nothing guaranteeing your anonymity.
Canada too, as long as you're between the age of 12 and 14.
Did you just slap the roof of Reddit?
