Original Response: 
Man this situation reminds me of the Flint team that walked out on the owner and GM.
I get that that team is a junior team and this is a team of players getting paid big money to play but how long before the players are tired of the GM/Owner.
Couldn't be easy to walk out on your junior team either.
Those kids have aspirations of making the NHL and just want to play hockey.
What did the clippers players do to their racist owner?
I don't think they skipped a game, but there was talk of it.
What if they did their usual pregame stuff and just didn't come out for warmups.
It'd get a ton of attention.
Melnyk/dorion would probably storm the locker room to make sure they were going to actually play.
Clippers players didn't do anything because NBA stepped in immediately.
A cheap owner and incompetent GM isn't remotely close to the owner of a team with predominately black players saying "don't bring that nigger to my games" on tape.
The Senators players aren't going to do shit.
These situations aren’t very similar..
I know a guy who was on that team.
The team did that because the coaching staff was fired after a win against one of the best teams in the league.
The owner wasn’t cheap he just wanted his son to play in the OHL.
The team not liking the Owner/GM is the same, what caused them to not like them is different sure but the result is still the same, Players vs FO.
It was less the team not liking management, and more supporting the coaches.
Even the owners kid walked out, pretty sure the kid doesn’t hate his dad lol.
Clippers talked about boycotting games and got assurance from the NBA that it would be resolved.
Melnyk is damaging the league's image.
If the players or fans did something to draw a lot of attention, it would start the wheels turning.
Even if the fans boycotted concessions and actually made him lose money it would get attention.
The players aren't going to do anything and fans are still going to go to games.
They're also going to want drinks and food while watching those games.
If they aren't going to do anything about Arizona drawing 12000 on average and being a perennial cap floor team (who's dead contracts do they have this year to reach it?)
they aren't going to do anything about Ottawa.
&gt; who's dead contracts do they have this year to reach it?
This time, they took on Marian Hossa’s contract.
Fair point.
It's a hypothetical for sure, but I think something could be done to force his hand.
I think the math has it they're above the cap floor even without the LTIR contracts.
[deleted]
helps when you're paying 3m+ for your 4C.
[deleted]
LTIR contracts don't help a team hit the cap floor except for during the off-season.
That's the whole point of LTIR.
The reason Arizona takes on those deals is to give relief to their trade partner.
Chicago is up against the cap in the off-season and Arizona isn't so they'll take on Chicago's burden in exchange for some minor incentive or concession.
Only the CHL players weren't contractually obligated to play and banned from striking on a CBA agreement.
Isn't Datsyuk still on the roster?
Won't it be a bit sad when he retires as a Coyote?

Summary: 
they aren't going to do anything about Ottawa.
I know a guy who was on that team.
What did the clippers players do to their racist owner?
The Senators players aren't going to do shit.
I don't think they skipped a game, but there was talk of it.
The players aren't going to do anything and fans are still going to go to games.
