Original Response: 
##NEW BIKE SUPERTHREAD!
- a thread for questions and advice about gear and bike purchases and questions relating to your newly purchased bike/gear.
Feel free to ask any motorcycle related question, no matter how trivial or dumb you might think it is.
The point of these posts is to ask and answer questions you wouldn't want to make a separate post for.
Hopefully with the help of all the riders no question will go unanswered.
Everyone is encouraged to contribute with either questions or answers and hopefully we will be able to rid of motorcycle ignorance once and for all.
Please remember to be courteous as we want to encourage people to ask questions, no matter how 'dumb' some may think they are.
Another great place to try is /r/SuggestAMotorcycle.
As always please remember to read the FAQ.
Who knows - if your question is deemed to be helpful it may be added to the [FAQ](https://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/wiki/faq#wiki_what_is_a_good_starter_bike.3F) (which you should read)!
***

This thread will be refreshed each Monday.
[Previous Threads](http://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/search?q=flair%3A%22SUPERTHREAD%22&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all)
Just got my first bike, woo.
What kind of helmet should I get?
I wanted one that just goes over the top with an open front.
But then I saw a post of a guy skidding down a highway and thanking his helmet.
So maybe I should get a full face helmet?
Can you guys recommend what kind to buy.
Don't care how cool it is, I want to be safe.
But I also want to look cool.
Whatever you tell me to buy, I'll probably buy.
I'm at your mercy.
Thank you.
&amp;#x200B;

Also, Jacket and gloves.
Is Revzilla a reputable store?
It keeps showing up when I google.
What kind of Jackets or gloves do you all recommend?
I live in Virginia it doesn't get terribly cold or hot.
I am a strong supporter of full-face helmets.
I can tell you what to look for in a good, safe helmet.
First, the shell should be made of fiberglass, carbon, carbon fiber or some combination of the three.
Second, you want to look for a helmet with a lot of shell sizes.
The more shell size the better the fit.
Don't buy a helmet where a small and large share a shell size.
If you are a small you will look like a bobblehead.
Plus there will be extra weight on your head and neck.
Third look for how many layers of EPS foam it has.
Look two or more, but ideally, three layers or more is what you want.
If the helmet doesn't say how many layers of foam it has don't buy it.
fourth you want to look for the rating.
Look for Snell or ECE or both.
If it is Snell approved you can get on any race track.
ECE is also great.
Lastly, is the padding inside the helmet if it has padding the car be peeled away for a better fit it will be more conferable and fit your head better.
I personally have a Scorpion EXO-R710 Helmet it's the cheapest fiberglass lid you can buy.
The Scorpion EXO-R420 is also great and Snell rated but there are lots of other great lids out there.
Yes, Revzilla a reputable store.
I do recommend going to a physical store for your helmet though unless you know what size you are and the shape of your head.
What do you think about this helmet?
https://www.harley-davidson.com/store/frill-airfit-sun-shield-x03-full-face-helmet

I am definitely planning to go to the store to buy all this stuff or atleast try it on.
There's not a lot of motorcycle places around where I live though so I might have to order a good jacket and gloves.
Stay away from protection gear from the HD store online.
Find something with a Snell rating.
Even if a store is a bit out of the way go get fitted for a helmet that way you know your size and can buy it online.
I always recommend the helmet I bought, the Bell Qualifier DLX.
You can get the "blackout edition" if you want to pay less, or get the regular version which comes with a transition lens system which adapts to the lighting situation.
To me it's small and lightweight, while still being ECE and DOT rated.
full face withou a question.
anything else is maybe an option for slow city riding on a scooter.
go to a shop and try them - size and fitting is nothing we can help you with.
try the usual reputable brands and expect to pay 200-600$ for a decent helmet.
you could take a look at modular helmets if you want the option to flip up the front (makes things easier for people with glasses).
[removed]
I have the Scorpion Exo 1400 Air but I couldn't find how many EPS layers it has but it's ECE rated so..
I think there are better helmets you could buy.
Not that it is HD, but because it is only DOT rated.
On top of that they don't list shell sizes, what the shell is made out of or how many layers of EPS foam.
Scorpion makes better lids for less money.
Also look at HJC and Bell.
I have the EXO-R710 and I think that has two or three I cant remember.
I wouldn't worry too much if its Snell rated.
Don't think it's Snell rated tbh.
It's pretty new and I can't find much info on it.
I guess it should be fine considering that it's one of their most expensive helmets.
I am sorry I meant ECE.
ECE and Snell just have slightly different ideas of what makes a helmet safe.
But looks like a good lid.
I just bought a 700 dollar helmet.
Fiberglass.
Snell certified.
Multilayer foam.
Arai brand.

Summary: 
What do you think about this helmet?
Look for Snell or ECE or both.
What kind of helmet should I get?
I think there are better helmets you could buy.
fourth you want to look for the rating.
I can tell you what to look for in a good, safe helmet.
But I also want to look cool.
I just bought a 700 dollar helmet.
I am a strong supporter of full-face helmets.
I am sorry I meant ECE.
Second, you want to look for a helmet with a lot of shell sizes.
Don't think it's Snell rated tbh.
