Original Response: 
My best friend committed suicide on Sunday and he accepted Jesus christ and he loved him..
But, I'm worried that when I go up to Heaven will I see him?
I mean..
Does that mean if you committed suicide do you go to hell.
I'm not going to committed suicide, I love my life.
But, can Jesus forgive him??
Or?
No matter the context, the answer to "Can Jesus forgive him?"
is yes.
Except blasphemy, the only unforgivable sin per the new testament.
Except if you are commiting blasphemy of the Holy Spirit you already aren't receiving forgiveness.
That is not something that can be duplicated today.
[https://www.gotquestions.org/blasphemy-Holy-Spirit.html](https://www.gotquestions.org/blasphemy-Holy-Spirit.html)
Got questions is an EXCELLENT resource!
So glad you mentioned it!
:)
[deleted]
Can Jesus forgive Satan then?
Yes.
According to you.
Sin, in the new testament, is not considered a tally mark against you, but rather a state of being.
So the point of that statement is that while one is in that state, there is no forgiveness.
The point is not, "If you do this thing, you will never be forgiven."
Beyond that, blasphemy of the Holy Spirit is not the only unforgivable sin in the new testament.
Not forgiving others is also an unforgivable sin.
Me, the Bible, and most of Christian Orthodoxy.
Suicide is "thou shalt not murder" with no chance of repentance after the murder takes place.
Judas Iscariot took his own life after betraying Jesus.
Saul killed himself in order to not be caught by the enemy.
The idea of "no repentance after death" is a markedly unchristian one.
Then he should already.
I agree.
Satan should hurry up and accept forgiveness.
Or Jesus could just forgive instead of being so petty.
Since when is respecting someone's freedom to choose petty?
You can forgive them while still giving someone the freedom to choose.
A good human being is someone who can forgive someone else despite the fact that they ur unrepentant.
Why should we not hold God to the same standard?

Summary: 
But, can Jesus forgive him??
Can Jesus forgive Satan then?
Satan should hurry up and accept forgiveness.
I'm not going to committed suicide, I love my life.
Or Jesus could just forgive instead of being so petty.
