Original Response: 
So it's the first time my roommate (we'll call her Amy) has lived with someone else besides her family, who spoiled her in the sense that she essentially does whatever she wants, and to be honest, I don't know if I'm being uncompromising or if she's being inconsiderate, so I'd love some other perspective.
Amy goes to bed pretty early; for example, she went to bed at 9:45 PM last night, while I'm a bit more of a night owl.
I usually go to hang out with my friends for a while before coming back to the room.
I try to be as quiet as I can and I only use a small lamp to see things/grab stuff for a shower.
I don't use a hair dryer because I obviously don't want to disturb her.
On the other hand, Amy woke up today and got ready for her morning shower and was being pretty loud; closing drawers un-gently, slamming the door, typing very loudly and leaving the bright overhead light on while I was sleeping.
To top it off, she uses her hair dryer every single morning for anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes while I'm sleeping.
Today, it was from 8:15-8:30, which was so long that it basically woke me up entirely.
I don't have class until 1:30, so I'm kind of pissed that I couldn't sleep more.
I would talk to her, but I feel like I annoyed her already because I said while her boyfriend could hang out here, I don't feel comfortable with him staying over.
We're friends from high school and have some mutual friends, so I'm trying not to rock the boat.
But it's getting to me that while I try to be polite and considerate, she's just going on her merry way and doing whatever she feels like.
Could I get some advice on how to talk to her, or if I'm in the wrong here?
Like, would it be bad if I was like "Hey, Amy, sorry for the inconvenience, but your blow dryer wakes me up every morning.
Would it be too much trouble if I asked you to use it in the communal bathroom?"
Thanks for your time!
&amp;#x200B;

\*EDIT:\* I realize that the drawers/closets/lights thing isn't a big deal, but she absolutely refuses to compromise about anything whatsoever.
I tried to establish a conversation about preferences/rules/compromise about living together on the first and second day, but she would just leave or say mono-syllabic answers.
I can come back earlier if that's what she wants, but I can't even start the conversation.
Is it that unreasonable to want to sleep later than 8 in the morning?
We live close to the bathrooms, too, so???
&amp;#x200B;

\*TL;DR: roommate and I have different sleep schedules, but while I try to be quiet, she uses her loud appliances and is generally inconsiderate in our small dorm room.
how do I talk to her about this?\*
I don't think it's unreasonable for you to ask her to use her hair dryer in the bathroom.
Thanks for your response!
Do you have any suggestions to ask her politely?
I think your statement you used in the post covered it.
I also would be ready to make some concessions yourself.
My guess is that you aren't being as quiet as you think you are at night and part of the reason she is so loud in the morning is that you wake her up too.
Having her be more quiet in the morning might mean you have to be willing to come home earlier some nights.
I asked her if she would mind blow drying in the bathroom and her response was "I don't really want to blow dry in the bathrooms; that's the thing."
so....now I don't know what to do.
It hasn't even been a week since we moved in, so I don't want to start a dispute, but I don't know if I can do this for an entire year.
“Hiyah!
The blow dryer really is noisy in the morning, and as roommates I think we need to be considerate of each other’s sleep schedules.
I really do need you to use it in the bathroom!
Thanks so much”.
Then I think you should involve your RA.
This is a huge part of their job, mediating disputes.
I would just reiterate the second part of my response, you also have to be willing to compromise.
We're friends from high school, so I'm trying to figure out a way to not escalate so much, but she's the type of person to kind of just stop the discussion if she doesn't like the way it's going.
You're right.
I don't really want to involve the RA so soon &amp; personally, I don't know how I can come back early than 9:30 PM, but I'm willing to if she stops using the hair dryer in the room!
This is exactly the right time to involve the RA before resentment builds even further.
I mean, kill em with bouncy upbeat cheerfulness is my go to but... How about saying that you’ve been living together a little while now and it’s time to have a room meeting to talk about what’s working, what’s not working, and expectations going forward?
That way you can both talk about stuff, and you can schedule regular periodic meetings to check in.
&gt;kill em with bouncy upbeat cheerfulness is my go to

This comes across as petty and passive aggressive, FYI.
Honest and direct communication is always the right way to handle a dispute.
An 18 year old usually has an ego, but these two are 'friends' from high school, maybe they can figure out how to properly communicate and make *compromises*.
Otherwise, it's not too late in the year for her to petition for a new roommate.
The thing is, I'm trying to compromise, but she won't even talk to me.
She's naturally quiet, but once I was like "hey, would you mind using your hair dryer in the bathroom" she stopped talking to me entirely.
It's an issue for an RA to handle then, you've done all you can.
Also petition for a new roommate, these situations are very common for freshmen.
If you want to save the friendship, you two should stop living together.
Former RA here.
We love dealing with stuff when it's small and manageable rather than when it's big and irreconcilable.

Summary: 
how do I talk to her about this?\*
so....now I don't know what to do.
I really do need you to use it in the bathroom!
Then I think you should involve your RA.
I don't think it's unreasonable for you to ask her to use her hair dryer in the bathroom.
I think your statement you used in the post covered it.
I also would be ready to make some concessions yourself.
I don't use a hair dryer because I obviously don't want to disturb her.
