Original Response: 
I've got theory and I'd like to check the correlation.
I think they might be the drivers who cause all the accidents, but have never actually been involved in one.
Blissful ignorance.
Imagine the tranquility they must experience.
While at the epicentre of a chaotic storm of seething rage and frustration, they ponder: What's the difference between Basmati and Long-grain?
The type of person who wonders why so many accidents happen right behind them in traffic.
Well what is the difference?
Why is rice so complicated these days?
You have a wonderful way with words.
Basmati usually comes out really long and skinny and has pointy ends, Long-grain puffs up a lot more and has more rounded ends, like little starchy sausages.
I thought potatoes were starchy sausages.
I think there's also a correlation between supermarket spammers and people who don't give a shit about anyone else on the road or in parks.
They'll just drop their marketing garbage everywhere.
Out there, at least there are garbage bins, so some of it gets cleaned up.
I wish we could have a big garbage bin labelled "Less Shopping" in this sub, to at least try to keep it clean.
At first I thought you meant the guy describing rice as little starchy sausages.
I agree either way.
Probably the ones who don't keep left.
You've obviously been horribly misinformed.
It's clear to everyone but you that long grain rice grains are exactly like starchy sausages.
Basmati for Indian

Jasmine for anything Asian

Medium grain for paella’s, risotto, etc

Long grain for Mexican &amp; everything else

This is my own personal preference, so if anyone has a problem with this, come at me.
#**WHOEVER KNEW LENGTHS OF RICE COULD BE SO COMPLICATED?
**
Basmati &gt; Jasmine

Fight me.
Haha my partner always tells me that she is a good driver and has never had accident.
I tell her it's because the people around you are good drivers.
Totally agree.
Will add sushi rice for sushi and brown rice for when the vegans or vegetarians come visiting for dinner.
Basmati is a type of rice.
It is available in some Longrain restaurants.
8pm in aisle 7 of Woolies?
I’m ready.
They are a different species.
😂.
This is generally the reason bad drivers haven't had accidents.
The Mr Bean effect.
Arborio for risotto, Bomba for paella, medium grain for cultural travesties.
Ftfy.
That was beautiful.
Coles car park, 8pm, bring it bitch.
This guy rices.
r u ok.
Oath cunny.
Basmati for Indian
Basmati for Asian
Basmati for Mexican and everything else
...I really like basmati

Paella meh I'll just eat the seafood and that abomination risotto can go straight to the bin.
Little known fact, arborio is the prefered rice of satan.
Medium for everything because I buy in bulk and I'm not keeping 10kg of every rice.
IGA, 9pm.
So you have time to make it after the other two.
&gt; and brown rice for when the vegans or vegetarians come visiting for dinner

..
Does white rice contain rat/meat products?
Basmati for everything not just because it's the best, but also I'm not buying several bags of rice or filling half my cupboard with it.
Here let me drive below the speed limit right next to another car for 10km and HOLY SHIT THAT MANIAC JUST SPED PAST ME AND CLIPPED THAT GUYS BUMPER.
Holy shit dude choose a more worthwhile cause, this one's not worth it.
Risotto AKA Rice Soup should not be attempted by chefs/cooks who’ve not travelled.
Secret tip for last minute sushi - overcook whatever rice you have or like - be pleasantly surprised how it works fine.
Enjoy.
IMHO Carnaroli for risotto.
Doesn’t go gluggy.
&gt;medium grain for cultural travesties.
Like when my mum used to eat/serve Frankfurts, rice and tomato sauce for lazy/poor person’s dinner?
Or when I have coconut milk, rice and vanilla as a lazy desert?
I’d love to spend a day in their heads.
I’d get nothing done, but I think it would be relaxing.
I thought "risotto" was Italian for gluggy rice gruel, was I misinformed?
Seriously though, what is non-gluggy risotto?
Wouldn't that be like a healthy/unfried 'fried rice' or something?
The Tao of Self-centredness.
I reckon we could take it to California.
Find your inner self; disregard anything else.
It shouldn’t be a rice pudding consistency.
My flatmate once served me his home-made 'spaghetti bolognese'.
* 2 minute noodles
* mince
* tomato sauce

I appreciated the gesture, but I still moved out a week later.
[This guy](https://i.embed.ly/1/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fthumbs.gfycat.com%2FShimmeringParchedFairybluebird-size_restricted.gif&amp;key=522baf40bd3911e08d854040d3dc5c07)
You forgot brown rice, it never gets any love.
It gets all the attention it deserves.
Basmati is aged and musty and a little dryer than normal long grain.
I love it!
When you started this thread did you imagine such important conundrums being discussed.
Why is rice....
Lol, sounds like something my dad would make.
My mum was actually a very decent cook (as am I), this was a very rare anomaly.
However on the occasions she was at work in the evenings and she hadn’t made dinner that morning, dad’s “bolognese” was a poorly chopped onion, mince and tomato sauce.
So I guess one step ahead of your roommate.
Jasmine rice best rice.
I was already thinking of moving out because he was hogging the internet, but after the spaghetti incident, I pulled the trigger immediately.
IGA is the worst... last resort always.
Yeah and the packet"s purple.
Basmati for everything else except maybe risotto or sushi.
[deleted]
Sushi doesn’t use Jasmine rice, but a specific short/ medium grain that’s fairly starchy, so it sticks together.
And Abborio (sp?)
for risotto.
Beyond that, sounds spot on.
[removed]
Sorry, I forgot about sushi because I hate it.
Accidents are caused by two people simultaneously doing dumb things, or just one person doing something extremely dumb.
They already have it.
Not if you're doing it right.
You ricist.
It really depends on what you have.
Jasmine for asain.
Basmati for Indian.
I mean trying to eat Basmati rice with chopsticks is a nightmare.
0/10 would not recommend.
Believe it or not, I’ve actually been called a ricist before.
Oi nah get fucked.
&gt;paella's

Look out it's an S!
Better put in an apostrophe just in case because fuck learning how to use them!
I just use basmati for everything.
[deleted]
Brown rice for cheese.
I'm not a vegan or anything, (not that I have anything against vegans, one of my mates' mates is a vegan)  but if you want something to eat that's vaguely healthy, hot brown rice with cheddar cheese / mozzarella cheese mixed into it so that the cheese melts is something pretty good.
It's easier- brown rice takes longer to cook, but in my experience is more resilient to being overcooked so you can stick it on low, make sure you've got a biiit of extra water in there, go watch a half hour show, then come back later and mix in some cheese.
Try that with white rice and you're gunna have mushy rice.
\*\*

It's easier- If you can't be bothered grating the cheese, just cut it into slices, put it in the microwave on the rice, and nuke that sucker.
Stir.
Nuke some more.\*\*

&amp;#x200B;

***\*\*These cooking stunts were performed by rice and cheese cooking professionals, make sure you are fully trained before you try this at home.
***
Yes.
Literally had to call out "Why are you stopping?
You don't have to give way to them, they have to give way to you" to the person in front who was stopped while I was driving today.
Those black and gold lollies are the tits though.
My girlfriend when we were hell poor, just moved out from my parents house, once made dinner.
“Spaghetti bolognese”

It was pasta with a can of diced tomatoes in it.
Went hungry that night...
What do well educated bilingual crossdressers have to do with it?
Definitely the ones who don’t keep left.
[deleted]
You see a cart.
I see a battering ram.
Tomato tomahto.
There's space for a paper airplane race inside of a hurricane.
Someone I know has only ever had accidents with things that can't get out of their way.
Poles, trees, walls...
I have been in a car with them at the helm.
It makes scary sense.
Lol as if any IGA was actually open after 9pm.
and Basmati is aromatic.
It is your duty to go to the right of them and say "Scuse, you're blocking the aisle.
Please don't do this on roads or you'll kill people."
Or the rubberneckers checking out the scene on the other side.
Breaking for, you know, whatever caught their eye.
Truly the anus of the hurricane.
&gt; WHOEVER KNEW LENGTHS OF RICE COULD BE SO COMPLICATED?
Alton Brown - [Good Eats S08E22 Do The Rice Thing
](https://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5skv9l) (very bad quality)
[removed]
[removed]
Found the person who stands in the middle of aisle at Coles.
10 mins &amp; 15 mins boil respectively.
The one in the valley is open til 10pm every day of the year.
It’s dope lol.
Yup.
That’ll be a 25 kg sack of brown rice for the win.
And a tiddy biddy tiny SUPER expensive washi paper packet of actual Japanese sushi rice for when Mr Buddhamama makes sushi.
I've never been in a traffic accident and now your comment has me worried.
no.
I'd give you gold but you know it costs money n that.
rationing internet?
is this how the otherside lives?
Holy fuck are you serious?
You know what frustrates me quite a lot?
When someone doesn’t change lanes in time so they decide they can just do a U-turn or drive over solid white lines at the last minute making everyone already on the off-ramp have to brake suddenly, or sit in the right turning lane at the lights with their left indicator on just hoping for someone to stop going 70km/hr and decrease the flow of traffic because they can’t be bothered being inconvenienced by having to drive in the wrong direction for two minutes.
Just do what the rest of us have to do and turn around when it’s legal and you’re not gonna hold anyone else up.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
This was way before nbn, when flatmates would fight over a single phone line.
[*Maniac*](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TnGjq9mWSI)
What?
What is this?
Alex' Dumbass The three Riceketeers?
The driver in the first truck deserves a medal for not hitting him.
Speaking of bad drivers.
Check out  [Canada's worst driver](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ovW86L8K4U).
Weirdly fatality rates in Canada aren't much worse than Australia, despite alarming levels of incompetence and almost complete lack of  enforcement of traffic laws.
Go figure.
Frenship ended with basmati.
Jasmine is now my bes fren.
Lol as if standing in the middle of an iGA isn't ALSO standing right up against the left aND right shelves.
I have found, as a chef, that people into health usually prefer brown rice.
It's not overly processed.
Medium grain for cleaning out grinders and mills.
Hot wet rice.
That's a good way to start a race war in Sydney..
Even worse is when they stand in the middle at the end of the isle trying to decide if they want to go down that isle...grrr.
Love this observation, you could frame this gem haha.
Basmati is a type of long-grain rice.
It has a strong flavour, which you may well not notice since a lot of rice sold as basmati is not - it's replaced with rice that looks similar, but tastes bland and is way cheaper.
If the rice is labelled as long grain rice then it could be any variety that has a long grain, but is probably a particular type of long-grain rice that was picked as the easiest/cheapest to grow, although the variety will change the second they find a cheaper source.
If you just want a rice that doesn't get too sticky, get long grain.
If you want the flavour of basmati, get basmati (then keep trying brands until you find one that actually tastes like basmati, and keeps tasting like basmati).

Summary: 
Basmati is a type of rice.
Basmati is a type of long-grain rice.
I just use basmati for everything.
I have been in a car with them at the helm.
Why is rice so complicated these days?
Basmati &gt; Jasmine

Fight me.
It shouldn’t be a rice pudding consistency.
You forgot brown rice, it never gets any love.
I mean trying to eat Basmati rice with chopsticks is a nightmare.
I thought potatoes were starchy sausages.
I see a battering ram.
I tell her it's because the people around you are good drivers.
Wouldn't that be like a healthy/unfried 'fried rice' or something?
It gets all the attention it deserves.
I reckon we could take it to California.
Basmati for everything else except maybe risotto or sushi.
Try that with white rice and you're gunna have mushy rice.
It really depends on what you have.
Sorry, I forgot about sushi because I hate it.
&gt; and brown rice for when the vegans or vegetarians come visiting for dinner

..
I thought "risotto" was Italian for gluggy rice gruel, was I misinformed?
I have found, as a chef, that people into health usually prefer brown rice.
Probably the ones who don't keep left.
If you just want a rice that doesn't get too sticky, get long grain.
Someone I know has only ever had accidents with things that can't get out of their way.
Medium for everything because I buy in bulk and I'm not keeping 10kg of every rice.
It's clear to everyone but you that long grain rice grains are exactly like starchy sausages.
Or when I have coconut milk, rice and vanilla as a lazy desert?
