Original Response: 
sounds absolutely nuts I know.
But genuinely I feel like, for example, I can sing along to a song in my head, shuffle a playlist then it’ll be the first song that comes up.
Feels like this happens super often for it to be a coincidence.
Or, I’ll remember a scene from a TV show or something, open the youtube app and it’ll be the exact scene I was thinking of first in the recommended list.
Then there’s always the ads on facebook that come up when you talk about them, but a lot of the time I’m certain I haven’t spoken about whatever it is.
Anything in this or am I being overly paranoid about coincidences?
When I was in my early 20's I worked for a huge well known data company.
I just worked on server security, but I had plenty of friends in big data.
&amp;#x200B;

You would be fucking shocked to see what people can learn about you just through metadata.
Shit like "if you stop by convenience stores every day on the way to your home, you're likely an alcoholic, or smoker...and if you go back again later that night, it's almost certain you're overindulge in alcohol."
They can tell who your friends are, what your hobbies are, as well as your friends, your political proclivities, etc.
&amp;#x200B;

Big-data is basically like having a genius private eye on you all the time, who also has access to all your friends.
If one person slips up and gets busted for drugs, suddenly it's made apparent that all you guys going to his house are doing drugs.
&amp;#x200B;

It's not mind reading, it's paying close attention to your daily activities, from the places you go, to the people you talk to, to the information you ingest online.
If your life is logged in to big-data programs it's likely that they can tell you thing that not even your closest friends can.
&amp;#x200B;

...that's why we must all fight against the intrustion of data corporations in our lives.
Get a fucking VPN, be intentionally vague with your internet history.
Don't give them one iota of information to make their jobs easier...but its still much easier than you probably think...
[removed]
How do you be vague with your internet history ?
By visiting conspiracy based content obviously.
Look up things you're interested in under other accounts, or through circuitous routes.
I assume in the 4 years I've been out of it they've probably taken care of this as well, but the easier you make it for them, the much easier it is for them.
&amp;#x200B;

I personally wouldn't share any personal information through an unsecured line with my personal accounts.
Use a VPN, use a virtual machine, and if all possible use different accounts through different lines(work, school, etc.)
&amp;#x200B;

They're not trying to help you with the data they gather, at best, they're trying to trick you in to buying shit, at worst, they're selling your profile to alphabet groups to profile you.
Exactly.
It's extremely sophisticated technology being used on people who don't know any better.
The equivalent of showing a polaroid camera to a tribe of pygmies in the Congo.
It might look like magic to the uninitiated, but the real explanation is far more mundane.
To add to this.
All phones come with front facing cameras as well now.
Eye movement and expression can be tracked.
Meaning they know what you know, and how you feel about it, and when you pause to consider something, how long it takes you to process.
The potential is terrifying.
I think I have noticed this with Facebook messenger.
There have been people I don't speak to for a very long time, but may mean something to me emotionally, when I see their name online I look at it a fraction longer than others.
These people always pop up first when it's showing who is online, regardless of the frequency I message them.
I recently stopped caring as much about a girl, and therefore looked at her name with less interest, and she has disappeared from showing online.
Lol I’m probably already on some lists anyways.
You dont Need the camera for that though.

Summary: 
sounds absolutely nuts I know.
I think I have noticed this with Facebook messenger.
Anything in this or am I being overly paranoid about coincidences?
I just worked on server security, but I had plenty of friends in big data.
You dont Need the camera for that though.
Feels like this happens super often for it to be a coincidence.
