Original Response: 
If a wife withholds sex from her husband it is her right and she will have the full weight of the legal system behind her.
However if a husband withholds money from his wife it is financial abuse.
Marriage looks more and more to be an extremely one sided transaction with all benefits to the woman and none for the man.
Wait.
Financial abuse?
There's such a thing?
Please quote me the relevant statutes.
To my knowledge, there aren't any laws that state that you have to financially support your wife.
Only your children.
Does the word “~~alimony~~ maintenance” sound familiar to you?
Women’s charter part viii 69.
Ah okay.
I thought he meant during marriage.
The women’s charter I quoted handles that part.
If the woman has been drawing a steady income a.k.a has a job, does the man still need to give her money after divorce?
In chapter 4, 114 1c:

&gt;the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the marriage

What I take from this is that if a woman married a millionaire, lived a life like one, then got divorced, the millionaire husband will have to pay.
Even if she draws an income throughout.
&amp;#x200B;

There are other factors but this one really stands out to me.
So if only the woman was working and the man wasn't then she have to pay him alimony?
&gt;Marriage looks more and more to be an extremely one sided transaction with all benefits to the woman and none for the man

Til marital rape is a benefit and it's okay because guys have to pay alimony anyway.
Only if he is handicapped.
Fucked up isn’t it?
&gt; the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the marriage

But that line...?
If the woman stops providing for the man after the breakdown of the marriage then she cannot enjoy the same standard of living.
She'll have more but it'll **not be the same**.
If the guy is not handicapped he doesn't even qualify to get maintenance.
There's no need to try and evaluate the maintenance.
&amp;#x200B;

Qualify for maintenance -&gt; Calculate maintenance -&gt; Look at standard of living before breakdown of marriage.
&amp;#x200B;

The normal guy doesn't get beyond the first step.
&amp;#x200B;

Where did you even get the idea the courts would have a woman's quality of life decrease for the sake of a ~~normal~~ guy's quality of life?
You are legally obliged to financially maintain your wife.
Section 69(1) of the Women’s Charter.
Fucked up indeed but it remains because in Singapore men don’t matter as much as women.
Oh I have no idea.
I doubt I will ever face such a problem.
#foreveralone #BBFA

It's just that I always thought the law was spelt out clearly and words are chosen carefully to avoid misinterpretation.
Holy shit.
TIL.
I thought maintenance only applies to ex-wife.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
It is spelled out clearly, just that womens charter only applies to women.
It's true though, marriage is pretty one sided when it comes to laws.
It's pretty clear unless you're a reality-denying feminist.
I meant during marriage.
I have a brain and read contracts before I sign?
Another man saved.
Please read the women’s charter front to back before you ever think of marriage.
Please spit out red pill.
Thanks.
It’s not red pill per say.
It’s common sense.
 gay marriage wouldn’t have all this problems lmao.
If you’re complaining about not being able to fuck someone against their will, then clearly something is very wrong with you.
Welcome to Reddit , where the reddiquette is optional and you're downvoted for starting a discussion that people do not agree with.
In all seriousness though, both laws are backwards and needs to be amended to be fairer for both sexes.
It is.
I can be a feminist AND still believe that more needs to be done for men when it comes to protecting them wrt: backwards marriage laws.
But equating that to rape is just fucked up.
I really doubt you have one.
Hahaha that’s all you have, ad hominems.
Oh actually I’m not.
I believe nobody should be forced to do things against their will, be it dishing out sex or dishing out maintenance or being conscripted.
Marriage has always been about men securing sole sexual access from a woman at a cost to him.
Now that the cost is ever increasing while access shrinks, see the contract become unappealing to men and discarded.
When u marry, u share your body and possessions with each other.
Most of the time, men need sex more than women.
Most of the time women need more money than they are willing to earn.
Marriage therefore most of the time becomes a contract where men can socially acceptably exchange money for sex and women, sex for money.
It is distasteful for the modern progressive ears but it’s probably the reason why you’re here.
When you make the provision of sex optional but the provision of maintenance mandatory, you skew the balance of the contract.
Men who are aware of it will see that it might end up becoming a sexless trap where they keep paying the woman for free.
Women will always press for marriage because security and lifetime payments.
Now most men are unaware of these gems hidden in the women’s charter and they marry for true love hahaha.
But as more and more become aware, hopefully they will avoid such traps.
If you are a man, I hope you read the women’s charter front to back before deciding to marry.
If you ever become rich, you will be targeted by 30s women looking to settle down and have kids.
Money &gt; looks for them by then.
If that happens, I hope you remember what you’ve learnt about the women’s charter from this thread today.
Will make my efforts and negative karma worth it.
I have more than that, but saying that to you is like tossing pearls before swine.
You have nothing that can disprove what I’ve said.
The laws are clear.
Anyone who bothers can google the women’s charter and see for themselves.
But of course you have to resort to insults and ad hominems because you are intellectually vacant.
It applies to men and women but it is only for the benefit of women.
This is /r/insanepeoplefacebook material.
Can?
Feminism at its core (though it will not be admitted) is about freeing women from traditional obligations, but continuing to impose mens obligations through the state.
It is about continuing to make men provide for women, not on an individual basis but on a collective one.
Through affirmative action, subsidised social programmes, taxation, affirmative action, compulsory service like NS, and so on.
That's the end result - taking the traditional role of husband, socialising it, and putting the burden on all men with no option to opt out.
With regard to rape, yes, it should be illegal, but it's strange that this exception is seen as sexism against women when this law is actually the result of a larger exemption from rape that applies to all women, married or not.
I.e.
women raping men, whether husbands or otherwise, is not legally rape.
Funny how feminists dont mention that.
Thanks for your noble sacrifice T_T.
Have an upvote.
Awwwww, did i hurt your tiddly widdly feewings, little piggy?
I'm taking offense at you making false equivalencies re: marital rape and the unfairness of men having to pay alimony.
To be clear, BOTH are wrong.
It's unfair to women that exemptions from marital rape is there and it's an unfair burden on men who are expected to support their exes no matter what.
I'm not sure if your tiny little incel brain can grasp that.
That's where you're wrong.
I expect women to do their fair share -- to do otherwise is to be damn condescending to them, can?
Both women and men have their duties.
Feminism is, at its core, a movement establish educational and professional opportunities for women that are equal to those for men.
Equal rights doesn't mean putting men at a disadvantage, I don't believe in that.
It's an abomination to me that women raping men is not legally rape: rape is rape no matter what, and I sure as hell will fight for that as hard as I'm fighting for women not to get raped.
The laws must change to protect both sexes.
Both.
Not one at the expense of another.
That's what I feel feminism is -- not the exclusion of men but a proper seat at the table.
You didn’t even understand my original point.
The men have to pay to maintain their wives during marriage not just after.
The men will have to do it whether they like it or not.
While the law will no longer mandate that wives have to provide sex to their husbands whether the wives want it or not.
So now the marriage exacts even more costs on men than on women hence as per my original statement, it has become a more unfair transaction for men.
Go on with the condescension and name calling.
You completely prove my point.
Anyone who reads this exchange will now know how childish and dumb feminist arguments eventually become.
Feminism has throughout its history sought to control gender discourse through the social and political sphere.
It did just that in the 70s by introducing the narrative that domestic violence is men seeking to control and oppress women - otherwise known as the Duluth model.
When it was found out that women were violent towards men in almost equal numbers and that DV was mostly a two-way street, feminists stonewalled attempts to set up men's shelters, something that was already being done for women.
Controlling gender discourse allows feminists to secure government funding for their various programmes and thus their source of income.
A feminist organisation, in fact the largest one in the US, the National Organisation for Women, gave a woman (emma sulkowicz) an award for falsely accusing her male friend of rape.
Mary Koss, a prominent feminist and university professor, who has published numerous studies on rape and deliberately exaggerated numbers, was consulted by the FBI for dealing with rape, said that men cannot be raped.
Here is the [soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/889-wers/male-rape).
Here is the extract from the interview I linked:

Theresa Phung: "So I am actually speaking to someone right now.
his story is that he was drugged, he was unconscious and when he awoke a woman was on top of him with his penis inserted inside her vagina, and for him that was traumatizing.
Dr. Mary P. Koss: "Yeah."
Theresa Phung: "If he was drugged what would that be called?"
Dr. Mary P. Koss: "What would I call it?
I would call it 'unwanted contact'."
Theresa Phung: "Just 'unwanted contact' period?"
Dr. Mary P. Koss: "Yeah."
Feminism claims to be a lot of nice things.
That's on paper.
That's in the dictionary.
The truth is far from that.
&gt;Not one at the expense of another.
That's what I feel feminism is

You may feel that's what feminism is, maybe from reading feminist websites or listening to feminist propaganda, but in reality that's what feminism has gone against.

Summary: 
Both women and men have their duties.
I thought he meant during marriage.
It applies to men and women but it is only for the benefit of women.
The men will have to do it whether they like it or not.
Oh I have no idea.
Most of the time, men need sex more than women.
I really doubt you have one.
The men have to pay to maintain their wives during marriage not just after.
women raping men, whether husbands or otherwise, is not legally rape.
I thought maintenance only applies to ex-wife.
But equating that to rape is just fucked up.
It is spelled out clearly, just that womens charter only applies to women.
Money &gt; looks for them by then.
I would call it 'unwanted contact'."
The women’s charter I quoted handles that part.
I have a brain and read contracts before I sign?
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I doubt I will ever face such a problem.
Section 69(1) of the Women’s Charter.
Women will always press for marriage because security and lifetime payments.
That's what I feel feminism is -- not the exclusion of men but a proper seat at the table.
