Original Response: 
Honestly this entire preseason for the Sharks has felt more like using EK as a marketing gimmick as opposed to a team member.
I understand he had to move, deal with documentation, etc, but they even brought him out during a game to showcase a new jersey.
Seems sort of weird overall to me.
I mean, when the Burns beard has lost its fan appeal, they need something else to keep it going.
At a certain point, big acquisitions in the offseason are generally marketing gimmicks if you think about it.
Most teams leverage it into ticket sales.
Plus, gotta give Karlsson time to get acclimated at practice.
Probably wanted to give him some time in practices etc, wouldn't really have helped anyone to just stick him out there in preseason without having gone through the systems and tactics that the Sharks use in practice first.
Plus Karlsson is the kind of player that can jump right back into NHL level hockey and take it in stride, he doesn't need the preseason to get back up to speed like some other guys, so it's better to give the ice time to some players that *might* make the team to give them a chance to prove themselves.
That said, I hope Sharks fans enjoy watching him out there tonight, you're in for a treat every game he plays.
uhhh no.
Big offseason acquisitions are to improve the team, not a marketing gimmick.
I guarantee the Leafs and the Leafs media have gotten a nice bump in $$$ since July 1st after getting Tavares.
YEs, but they had to wait until the offseason to get him through free agency.
Emphasis on "at a certain point".
Teams are business with marketing and sales employees.
So?
The Leafs acquired John Tavares.
The Sharks acquired Erik Karlsson.
They did it via different means, but both got a bump economically for doing it.
[deleted]
[deleted]
I misread your original comment about it being "at certain points."
I was commenting on offseason moves being more for marketing and not actually about improving teams.
Don't worry about it, I can barely read lol.
Because he hasn't played till now?
I get that they had him wear the new 3rd jersey for a few minutes on ice, but even our big stars like Thornton or Kane or Pavs have only played one game so far, and they already know the system.
Preseason is for testing out your young guys and seeing who can hang in a real game, or at least give them experience, yeah?
And then the last few games for mostly main players to ease into the season?
That's what we're doing.
The whole point of improving the team is to make more money...
Pro sports are a marketing gimmick.
Ya.
They added the best defenseman in hockey for marketing purposes.
HOT take there dude.
An externality is when a third party is affected by the actions of another party or transaction in which they have no say.
Leafs revenue increasing as a result of signing Tavares is not an externality.
No shit we're going to market him, we just acquired one of, if not the best defenseman in the league right before the start of the season.
Hell I'd be kind of mad if we *weren't* trying to market him.
I don't really understand what the issue here is, should the Sharks not have used him to debut their new jerseys?
Should we have put him in every preseason game to make it look like he's "more of a team member"?
Karlsson being traded was a big deal because he's a star player.
There's a certain novelty in seeing what he's up to on his new team (both for Sharks fans as well as basically everyone else, hence the massive upvotes on every Karlsson related post here).
If we didn't trade for him, we probably would have just had Burns or Pavelski or Couture show off the new third jerseys during intermission and the vast majority of this subreddit wouldn't really care.
But we have Karlsson and fans want to see him, so of course we're going to show him off a bit...
I'm gonna let you in on a secret but the price for Karlsson was so low because we were never planning on having him actually play hockey, he's just going to act as our version of "ice girls" to look pretty and sell tickets.
[deleted]
Because I absolutely said that.
My point is that the team is using him for ticket sales more than integrating him into the actual game and systems the sharks use right now.
Kindly take your assumptions elsewhere.
Good point, we're going to give Karlsson a new name, number, face mask and full-body covering to make sure his presence doesn't distract anyone from our ultimate goal of improving the team.
It worked for Ottawa last season.
Aren't you assuming that they aren't integrating him more into the actual systems the Sharks use?
You are assuming they are focusing more on marketing him.
All because he hasn't played in preseason yet.
"The increase in marketing [revenue?]"
is not a party.
A party needs to be a person, or a group of people.
(You could probably make the argument that a party could also be animals, or the environment, but I don't think that that has any bearing on this discussion).
The entire point of the Leafs organization is to make money.
There may be players or members within the organization, including those at the very top, who have other motivations, like winning the cup, but overall, the unifying goal of the organization is to make money.
So when the Leafs make a move like signing Tavares, it's because they think that he will help the team win, which they think will help the team make more money.
All of the players in the Leafs organizations are being marketed, both directly and indirectly, in order to sell jerseys, hotdogs, beer, parking, tickets, and advertising.
I guess MAYBE you could try and make the argument that actual primary goal of the Leafs organization is to win the Stanley Cup, and that the revenue generated by icing a successful hockey team is an indirect consequence of pursuing the cup, but even then, the revenue they're generating is not an externality, it's just an indirect consequence for the involved parties.
If you want to know if something is an externality, then ask "Who is the person (or people) who are being directly or indirectly affected by this transaction, and do they, directly or indirectly, have any control over the transaction.
Edit to respond to a single point: 

&gt;If JT was being directly marketed in an effort to increase sales then it wouldn’t be an externality.
He absolutely is, though.
They are printing his name or Jerseys to sell to people.
That's directly marketing the player to increase sales.
They're plastering his face on merchandise and advertising in an effort to sell tickets, ads, and merchandise.
You're right, we should have paired him with Radim Simek, Cavan Fitzgerald or Jacob Middleton last game so he could *really* learn our team's systems.
Too bad he was busy marketing and couldn't play.
[deleted]
Wonder why you were downvoted... 😐.
Maybe.
But the TV contracts are already locked in, and the games were all going to sell out anyways.
If anything they sold an extra few thousand jerseys or something.
Eric Carlson 35.
Of course they brought him out to reveal the new jersey, but that's about it.
Just because everyone in the hockey world is talking about and is hyped in Shark territory doesn't mean they're just using him for marketing.
Especially right now considering we're trying to figure out how to fill the holes in our depth left by players like Tierney.
We've needed to test out our younger guys a lot this preseason.
No yeah he wasn't brought in to make us a better team, just sell tickets.
That'a why he *hasn't* played in the pre-season yet, where ticket sales are low.
That makes sense.
How the fuck do you know that?
Are you at practice?
Funny you criticize assumptions when you are making them with literally 0 evidence .
He’s training with the team FYI pretty sure he is being “integrated”.
[deleted]
Ahh, yes.
The "Twilight Zone" defence; "Everyone is crazy but me- *I'm* the only sane one!"
Extra points for being so insulting in the process, btw.
[deleted]
He says screaming and shouting in absolutes about things I never said..
[deleted]
K 😂.
[deleted]
😂.
Melker Karlsson 65 Eric Carlsbad 68.
I mean, at least you picked the right guy for that.
Your point is dumb.
Take your point elsewhere.
Some of us are excited Karlsson left our division, even if it's just so he could come up with a killer SWOT analysis for the Sharks.
&gt;and sell tickets.

Summary: 
"The increase in marketing [revenue?]"
Teams are business with marketing and sales employees.
That's directly marketing the player to increase sales.
The whole point of improving the team is to make more money...
Emphasis on "at a certain point".
The entire point of the Leafs organization is to make money.
The Sharks acquired Erik Karlsson.
Most teams leverage it into ticket sales.
I was commenting on offseason moves being more for marketing and not actually about improving teams.
Big offseason acquisitions are to improve the team, not a marketing gimmick.
Because I absolutely said that.
Pro sports are a marketing gimmick.
You are assuming they are focusing more on marketing him.
I mean, at least you picked the right guy for that.
I misread your original comment about it being "at certain points."
