Original Response: 
[removed]
Actually, I was watching this French show on Netflix called Call My Agent.
The main plot of the story is that the main character is an older accomplished actress.
She is getting passed over for younger actresses for casting and sponsorships simply because of her age.
The agents at the talent agency tip toe around her trying not to tell her that the reason why she aren't getting signed is because of her age.
Sure age doesn't make a woman less sexy but I don't think you should speak for every French person when you say "A person is like a fine wine in French culture—better and of greater value with age.
The MILF next door is considered more attractive than the 20’s secretary at the office".
You might think that but that doesn't mean that everyone feels that way in France.
[removed]
Yup.
As a person living in France, I don't 100% agree with op's post as much as it sounds beautiful.
Business is business though.
A society's values are not exactly represented in a TV drama.
Of course television will want to put the most beautiful people on screen.
That still does not take away from valuing a person as a sexual being.
That actress may not be the youngest or prettiest, but I think the point here is that there is no expiration date on her ability to be desired, not to work.
Exactly.
France isn't some island of non-ageism.
This comment should be way higher.
Instinctively skeptical about such far reaching affirmations.
If that's the first episode with Cecile de France she's rejected for a Hollywood production IIRC ;)
While I think there is some truth to the point about French people aging gracefully, and with style; as a visitor, I feel the people have a greater awareness of style at any age.
It’s a part of their culture.
And yes it’s awesome.
I really appreciate its.
I also am annoyed by what I see as prevalent in the us culture (and other cultures) where people don’t say their age and are offended by being acknowledged “old”.
Roll my eyes.
Embrace it.
Confidence is the most attractive trait.
Now as for OPs general statement... another French quality is over-the-top pride in who they are and Gaullism.
So... I’d kind of bear that in mind when considering the source of the comment.
;)
The plot thickens...
In that specific episode she had to get fillers to be cast in an American movie.

Summary: 
It’s a part of their culture.
France isn't some island of non-ageism.
This comment should be way higher.
Confidence is the most attractive trait.
That still does not take away from valuing a person as a sexual being.
