Original Response: 
Just curious because I’m gay and I just would like to know.
Romans 1:26-27

Because of this, God gave them over to shameful lusts.
Even their women exchanged natural sexual relations for unnatural ones.
In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another.
Men committed shameful acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their error.
Leviticus 18:22.
“You shall not lie with a male as with a woman; it is an abomination.
1 Corinthians 6:9

Or do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God?
Do not be deceived: neither the sexually immoral, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor men who practice homosexuality,

Jude 1:7

Just as Sodom and Gomorrah and the surrounding cities, which likewise indulged in sexual immorality and pursued unnatural desire, serve as an example by undergoing a punishment of eternal fire.
0

Church Fathers too.
0

“All other frenzies of lusts which exceed the laws of nature and are impious toward both bodies and the sexes we banish … from all shelter of the Church, for they are not sins so much as monstrosities.”

Tertullian - De pudicitia

“Sins against nature, therefore, like the sin of Sodom, are abominable and deserve punishment whenever and wherever they are committed.
If all nations committed them, all alike would be held guilty of the same charge in God’s law, for our Maker did not prescribe that we should use each other in this way.
In fact, the relationship that we ought to have with God is itself violated when our nature, of which He is Author, is desecrated by perverted lust.”

Saint Augustine - Confessions

"All of these affections then were vile, but chiefly the mad lust after males; for the soul is more the sufferer in sins, and more dishonored than the body in diseases.
... [The men] have done an insult to nature itself.
And a yet more disgraceful thing than these is it, when even the women seek after these intercourses, who ought to have more shame than men."
Saint John Chrysostom - Homilies on Romans.
Why the exclusion of Leviticus 20:13?
Too harsh?
Often when it is quoted you will get things like 'well why arent u stoning gay people then,checkmate lul'.
Leviticus 18:22 gets the point across without the extra bickering.
So is the fact that you’re not 100% adhering to the word of the abrahamic god not a valid point of criticism?
Both 18:22 and 20:13 are in Leviticus.
So logic would indicate that if one is sited as a valid justification of scripture, both would be valid justifications of scruptire.
As far as I’m concerned, the only reason an inivdual would have for excluding that particular verse is to hide the fact that the Bible is an incredibly barbaric book.
Thank you for the example.
Anyway, this video explains what the Moral and Ceremonial law is.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4r2m_cffRjI.
Yeah, I’m well aware with the mental gymnastics conservative Christians do to justify their distaste for the existence of gay people.
Still doesn’t change the fact that you admitted you omitted the verse to hide the fact the Bible is quite honestly barbaric.
&gt;  the  mental gymnastics

AKA Theology that you obviously do not even understand.
:)
Do you feel the same way towards drunkards?
&gt; 20:13

Does that verse seem like it is up for interpretation?
I understand it.
I just think it’s a way to justify hypocrisy.

Summary: 
Both 18:22 and 20:13 are in Leviticus.
... [The men] have done an insult to nature itself.
Why the exclusion of Leviticus 20:13?
Just curious because I’m gay and I just would like to know.
Even their women exchanged natural sexual relations for unnatural ones.
