Original Response: 
I bought a 2016 CB500F a couple of weeks ago, so a 500cc twin, after having just a 125 (single ofc) and I've noticed once the engine is warmed up and running at speed, there is a fluttering maybe even spluttering sound.
If I stop or slow enough the sound doesn't happen, and it gets faster/louder as I pick up speed.
If I fully pull in the clutch whilst at speed, the noise stops, even if keeping revs up, so it seems the noise is only when applying power and I've no idea where it is coming from or if that is normal for a "big" bike or a twin?
?
Ah.
The cb500f.
Some would say a great bike.
4 warranty issues later in 8 months i tend to disagree.
As soon as you feel comfortable enough to move up do it.
These things are fuckin cursed.
It's 2 years old now so just outside of manufacturers warranty, but the place I got it from has a 3 month/1000 mile warranty.
And to think I chose this as a "bullet proof Honda" instead of the Ducati that looked nicer lol.
They are bullet proof, through all my leaks and gaskets and running out of coolant brake master leaks brake disc warps its never failed to get me from point a to point b.
But its fucking annoying every step of the way.
My buddy who actually used to be a duc mechanic straight up said ducati is getting what you pay for, those arent actually too bad when it comes to manufacture defects.
Just higher tier.
Hindsight, woulda got a duc instead.
But all the best luck to you man, hope you emjoy it more than me.
Cheers man!
;)
My 500r has 26k miles without so much as a hiccup.
I feel like the people that complain are just neglecting maintenance or putting excessive wear on the machine by riding poorly.
Or both.
I only just bought mine so is neither :P

The chain seemed very dry and tight when I got it, but measuring it's at the bottom end of the slack that the handbook says.
I've lubed the chain after a warm ride but it's not helped.
I hear the sound from sat on the bike when riding so could be hard to tell where the noise is but it sounds like maybe it's coming from the front sprocket region.
Is the front sprocket easily reachable by say just removing the side panel - then I can inspect and look for any gunk or whatever?
The back sprockets look good, no hooking of the teeth or anything... maybe it's "normal" noise from a big chain and to be expected, just sounds different from the CB125F I had.
The chain is never going to be silent so I would just get used to that if it's coming from there.
If its coming from the front of the bike, a rattle near the valve cover, like bbs in a tin can, then it's probably your cam chain tensioner.
As long as you don't hear any grinding, or knocking, or anything like that you should be fine to send it, my friend.
Also be sure to check the drivetrain chain tension in multiple spots.
Chains can develop tight spots and loose spots from uneven stretching.
If you notice this in any more than a couple mm difference then it's a sign your chain is near the end.
Just future reference.
Cool thanks!
The bike's done 4k miles in its first two years so am I right in thinking the chain and sprockets should still have quite some life left in them?
Unless it was completely neglected by the previous owner...
How many miles were on it when you bought it?
4000, I've added 100 in the past 2 weeks.

Summary: 
I've lubed the chain after a warm ride but it's not helped.
How many miles were on it when you bought it?
The chain is never going to be silent so I would just get used to that if it's coming from there.
Some would say a great bike.
If you notice this in any more than a couple mm difference then it's a sign your chain is near the end.
Hindsight, woulda got a duc instead.
