Original Response: 
My fiance and I have just discovered edibles containing small amounts of cannabis.
We got them so we could sleep better after having a baby.
We also got a ridiculously comfortable new king sized bed.
So anyways, we took the edibles and split a bottle of wine.
We then went to bed and had an absolute marathon sex session.
It just felt like we could both have sex with each other for hours and hours.
We felt like we were both on the verge of cumming but we werent cumming and we just kept going at it with each thrust feeling better than the previous.
Final tally, she came 3 times, I came once.
I highly recommend.
tl;dr got edibles to sleep better, instead we are up all night having sex.
How many mg did you each have?
I've been thinking of taking small doses with my gf .
Like 5mg -10mg range.
Each cube is ~2mg.
We started out taking one, waiting an hour, take one more, wait an hour and take a third.
That was ok but felt weak.
Next night we took two together and I took a third quickly after.
I actually felt kinda high.
Then last night I just took two together and had some vodka tonics with it and thats probably my perfect amount right now.
Sex is great and I am sleeping so much better than I have been.
Nice!
Thanks for the advice.
But yeah i figured around 5mg would be ok.
I used to be able to take 100mg per serving but that was a couple years back when my tolerance was hight.
I do remeber orgasms were much stronger and lasted longer!
I want my gf to be able to experience that as well but i know if we over do it, it becomes hard to even focus lol.
Its a fine balance to walk.
Best!
5 seems like a good place to start.
Most of the edibles sold here start at 10 but you can always cut them in half.
10 mg is considered 1 "dose", but it differs depending on each edible as each manufacturer has different processes.
I've probably had 50 mg once and I got definitely high but not like too high.
Another time I had 20 mg and I was full couch potato mode.
after a few times, you might notice more effects from the same dose as cannabis tends to have a reverse tolerance of sorts.
i'd stick to 5 mg for a while and see how the effects change as your body gets used to it.
definitely try 10 sometime when you're feeling adventurous, probably not near enough to really fuck you up or overdo it.
Yeah, i'll probably do that!
Btw, your wifes nipples are so hot!!
😍.
I am the wife 😅 Thanks haha.
Eat something fatty with it.
You get more bang for your buck.
Oops haha....💋.

Summary: 
I actually felt kinda high.
Sex is great and I am sleeping so much better than I have been.
I am the wife 😅 Thanks haha.
Yeah, i'll probably do that!
We got them so we could sleep better after having a baby.
How many mg did you each have?
