Original Response: 
[removed]
I mean, it for sure could have been worse.
You could have pissed yourself on the bus...
With how bad they smell I doubt anyone would have noticed.
Or at school.
Now that would have been worse.
When I was 17 I spewed on a packed bus.
I had been drinking with my mates and one of them decided to just pour a fuckton of Jim Beam into a 2L coke bottle, and I just kept drinking it like I was fine.
An hour later I feel like my body is on a rollercoaster so I sit at the bus stop and wait.
The bus pulls up and it's absolutely packed due to it being the last bus leaving Bondi beach at like midnight.
I walk through everyone and notice a spot near the back, and just sit there with my eyes closed.
About 10 minutes later my head starts spinning again, and I can feel spew about to come, so I press the button and stand up, but I got the urge to spew right there with the bus packed in front of me.
I reach for the window, and it's fucking bolted shut, but the bus is about to pull up, so I start pushing my way through when all off a sudden it just explodes out of my mouth... To make it worse, I tried to cover my mouth so it wouldn't come out, but all it did was pressurise it and the spew come forced through my fingers making it just spray everyone in front of me.
I swear to fucking God, I heard like 15 people scream in horror as my vomit sprayed them.
I quickly rushed through the group, jump off the bus and just ran into the night still spewing and looking for a tap.
To make it even worse I had to walk all the way home which took me over an hour.
I would have hated you for that.
Believe me, the look on everyone's faces as they turned around was one of absolute disgust, horror, and pure hatred.
I felt so fucking bad about it, and it has haunted me for the last 10 years.
My brain loves to remind me about it when I'm lying there trying to sleep, which I guess I deserve.
I think I would be so embarrassed I wouldn't get off the bus until they force me off... New nightmare.
Probably dude you ok, 

Some giggles, then dude lets get you home.
Kid with car then take you home, other kid with change of clothes offers you.
Don't beat yourself up too bad bud.
The fact you feel bad means you are a caring person with a conscience.
It's not like you hurt anyone.
I did something similar when I was 17 at a friends house.
We were all drinking in his parents basement.
I spewed.
Tried to cover it with my hands.
Sprayed vomit everywhere / on a chic there.
I'm 34 and it still haunts me.
Oh man.
I've had to run to my bathroom to throw of like a half dozen plus times in my life.
One time it was all down the hall on white walls and into the bathroom.
Made my poor mother throw up when she saw it.
Then actually on more than one occasion I was able to tilt my head back, cover my mouth and actually swallow most of it.
Thank you.
I felt like I just ruined everyone's night at the time, which was probably true, and I vowed never to get on public transport when intoxicated again, but instead catch a taxi or an uber.
I'll never forget the guy in front of me who got the worst of it though.
He was in a really nice dark blue suit, and he shouted "what the FUCK mate!
", and the look on his face was like I just kicked his dog.
Sometimes I just laugh at how unfortunate the situation was though.
Nobody won that night.
Yeah I tried to swallow it, but the amount of liquid instantly filled my mouth and the pressure was just too high.
Putting my hand over my mouth made it even worse, because it was like when you pinch the tip of the hose and it comes out thinner, but much faster.
Only it came out in like 3-4 places instead of just one.
This happened to me once, back in elementary.
I was doing a standardized statewide test, and as part of the instructions I couldn’t go to the bathroom during it.
Well...
I finished early, and I had to go to the bathroom.
I asked the teacher, I couldn’t go.
I ended up shitting myself and people give me a wide berth on the bus ride back home.
The... hour-long ride.
Not to mention the rest of school time.
Or inside the restaurant if they'd decided to try to go in there.
I projectile vomited from my desk across a good 7 foot gap, right on to my third grade teacher.
She was so nice about it and I felt so shitty that I called her mom if front of the class.
Turns out I had a severe flu and was out another week and a half after that.
The rest of the class didn’t forget that slip in those 10 days like I had hoped.
Honestly though, nobody who rides the bus regularly thinks twice about someone pissing themselves.
I used to see it all the time.
I worked at a local tourist trap.
There was only one girl in the ticket booth.
She called her lead for someone to come relieve her because she was having stomach problems.
Lead took too long.
The poor girl pooped all over the booth before someone got there!
They kept 2 people in the booth from then on.
[deleted]
So you just walked around with a load in your pants all day?
Yuuuuup.
I have no sense of smell either, so I could only tell there was something squishy in my pants, had some ideas, and tried not to sit too hard.
Calling your teacher Mom is very common.
Calling him Daddy is disturbing.
This why you warn everyone.
Had you told them you were gonna vomit, it would have looked like Moses rolling back the Red Sea.
pretty much anywhere throughout his day right up until he got inside his house would have been infinitely worse.
Someone doesn't know luck when they receive it.
Poor girl!
I know!
We all felt so bad, we didn't even think about laughing or anything.
I did that once.
In Istanbul Turkey.
Where everyone was staring at the blonde girl already.
0/10 would not recommend.
Yeah she probably thinks she's never gonna live it down either!
I know I'd be pretty embarrassed if this happened to me.
Did she continue to work there after the accident?
I don't really know.
Honestly I made a point not to notice who it was.
But it was where all the local high school kids work, so she may have just said fuck it, I would have!
Also on the "so embarrassed" front, my husband had just gotten over a stomach bug (we thought) and we were on a family day, luckily we were taking a lunch break at the car and he sharted.
He looked so sad and was like "we have to go now" I just wanted to give him a kiss so he didn't feel so bad!
When those things happen, the person is so embarrassed, but I think most decent people get it and just feel bad.
You sound too sweet for this world, but I’m sure the last think your husband wanted was a kiss in that moment!
I know!
He just looked so sad and embarrassed!
And we've been together too long for me to judge him for something like that!
Yeah me too.
Poor guy!
Haha sorry to laugh but I've been there but I didn't have a loving wife to help me with the great discomfort hahaha.
I live on an old farm land (about 75  Acres) and I used the old milk barn as kind of a bachelor pad.
I got my drums, my guitar and amp, and my drawing materials out there while I slept on the couch at my mom's house (I'm recovering from a brain injury so I live at home with my mother and brother).
Now mind you the milk barn is about 200 yards away from the house and doesn't have any running water or plumbing.
One night I was out playing my drums with the music turned way up and just messing around making as much racket as I could until I felt my stomach brewing up something...
I didn't think much of it until I had to fart and it turned out to be the worst shart I have ever had.
Haha...
I had to walk aaaaaaaaallllll the way back to the house in order to wipe my nasty ol ass and through my underwear back into the wash haha.
I could only imagine how bad it would be if I were in public.
That's gotta be a nightmare.
Probably one of my biggest fears haha.
It happens to the best of us, kid.
One time I was at this party with a bunch of new people that I was supposed to get along with because of politics, professions, and money.
I'm fairly antisocial and I'm hanging out, the night is going well and the introduction is really working out.
I drink more than I should and make the mistake of getting drunk.
So I stagger into the bathroom, unzip, put my hand against the wall and lean forward with my eyes closed regretting the fact that the room is starting to spin, and knowing I fucked up.
It just felt so good to let it out... and that's when I felt wet.
Looking down in horror I realize I haven't really unholstered properly.
I'm wearing jeans and there is a HUGE and PROMINENT stain down the front.
Directly outside the door is a room full of people I just met, that I'm supposed to get along with, that I need to get along.
It's a big social engagement.
Everyone is pretty drunk and I just pissed myself!
You know how you handle that situation?
You pick up an expensive crystal vase and smash it on the floor.
Then you stagger out of the bathroom bleeding, and soaking wet, while drunkely talking about how the god damn vase tried to kill you.
Then you make a very quick retreat and go home.
They all still talk about how hammered I got and how I got into a fight with an inantimate object.
That's a good story.
No one will ever know the truth.
If there wasn't a vase to break they would have found me in the shower pretending to be passed out.
Oh no!
That’s 10x worse than my experience!
At least I didn’t really have to interact with anyone after I went.
Before I smashed the vase I splashed water all over my face, hair, shirt, and the rest of my pants to make it look more... random?
Then I threw that fucking thing on the floor so hard.
Glass went everywhere.
I had all sorts of minor little cuts.
The sound was enough for everyone at the party to hear... and then 30 seconds later I just stumbled out of the bathroom swearing up a storm about that god damn vase and how it tried to kill me.
For being that drunk, your execution was flawless.
Props to you for the quick thinking.
You know what the secret was?
I pretended to be drunker than I was, and I was drunk enough to pull it off.
Fucking applauds to you, 10/10 execution it sounds.
That’s bold.
I’m impressed.
I mean, it would have been better if they found me overdosing on heroin than if I walked out of the room having pissed my pants.
Once that fact sunk in it just became a matter of what options were on the table.
There was a crystal vase filled with water on the counter.
Water is wet.
I can create reasonable doubt.
One of those guys is reading this right now, lurking, questioning if it's possible that this is the circumstance he remembers....
The vase was the only option on the table.
I can barely control my laughter.

Summary: 
I would have hated you for that.
I used to see it all the time.
I finished early, and I had to go to the bathroom.
I can create reasonable doubt.
Everyone is pretty drunk and I just pissed myself!
I asked the teacher, I couldn’t go.
I can barely control my laughter.
I mean, it for sure could have been worse.
I could only imagine how bad it would be if I were in public.
I drink more than I should and make the mistake of getting drunk.
When I was 17 I spewed on a packed bus.
Now that would have been worse.
I pretended to be drunker than I was, and I was drunk enough to pull it off.
", and the look on his face was like I just kicked his dog.
Honestly I made a point not to notice who it was.
I did something similar when I was 17 at a friends house.
I worked at a local tourist trap.
I know I'd be pretty embarrassed if this happened to me.
You could have pissed yourself on the bus...
I had all sorts of minor little cuts.
You know what the secret was?
Tried to cover it with my hands.
