Original Response: 
I don’t know if you’ll ever see this, but last night I had a panic attack at a party I’d gone to and ended up separated from my friends, sitting on the curb outside the house.
I couldn’t get in contact with the guy I’d come with because of shitty cell service, and spent a good 15 minutes crying by myself.
So many people walked by and said nothing.
A POLICE OFFICER asked if I was ok and when I said no WALKED AWAY.
I couldn’t take an Uber back because I was staying with my friend and didn’t have a key.
Eventually, this group of three women sat down by me and asked if everything was ok.
I, a drunken blubbery mess, said no and continued crying.
One of them held me and said everything would be ok while another tried to get information about the guy I came with so they could help me find him.
After getting his name, one of them stood up to try and find him, but he saw us right that minute and got an Uber so I could crash at his place.
It happened so quickly that I didn’t get a chance to thank you ladies for helping me and showing me compassion when I felt so alone.
Thank you.
Here's a question for you ladies.
I'm male, 69, a beard and ponytail (graying).
I saw a girl (18-20 yrs) sitting against a tree in front of a frat house at our local college.
She was disheveled, crying, and in obvious distress at 3 AM.
There was no one around at the frat house or on the street.
I stopped and got out of my car.
I talked calmly as I approached her and stopped about 10 feet away to avoid frightening her.
I asked if she needed any help or if there was anyone I could call for her.
(I could see her cellphone was dead) I offered her my cell so she could call on her own, but as I moved closer and extended my hand, I could see my movement terrified her.
She declined the offer and started repeating, "Go away.
Go away."
Despite my grandfatherly instincts, (I have a granddaughter her age in college) I moved away from her.
As I was leaving, I told her I would get her some help.
I immediately went to campus security because I know they are trained to respond to this kind of situation and they did respond immediately.
I felt so useless.
I know there was little else I could have done in the situation.
This is not the first time I've run across this type of situation.
The question is, do you have any suggestions should I happen upon a situation like this again?
Honestly what you did was great.
Maybe return with campus security.
I'm sorry, thank you for showing empathy.
I am not sure but many campus security historically dont have great track records, they put the interest of the school's reputation first and dont handle things like the police would.
If you see that again I'd call the real police.
They'd take her to a hospital for a rape kit if she were assaulted and could get checked for injuries and get medicine to prevent any infections.
And they could take her statement while it's fresh.
Schools historically dont even involve the police in sexual assault and rape cases which is illegal but get around it by saying that they didnt think a sexual assault or rape took place thanks to their own "investigation"
That's unfortunate.
I'm sorry you were made to feel useless due to your gender.
I think what you did was fine.
If she had been assaulted she might have done that to any man that approached her, even a police officer or medic.
It has nothing to do with you as a person.
I probably wouldn't have left her, but rather told her I was going to stand away from her 10 meters or so and call security for help.
Just in case something happened while you were gone.
Thank you.
Typical male thinking, I'm afraid all I was thinking of was getting her help ASAP and I knew I could talk them into moving immediately.
t was 9 minutes alone, but given the situation, I can see how it may have felt like 9 hours.
Much appreciated.
You did great helping her out and I'm sure she is appreciative of it, even if she was too rattled to tell you.
The college is in a small town with a part time police force and none immediately available after midnight.
The sheriff or state police are 15-30 mins away.
The campus safety people are well trained in the procedures due to an unfortunate incident a few years ago.
Sexual assault is now a top priority and the administration was taught a severe lesson in the incident I referred to.
In most cases, I'm sure you are right.
I just wish all these things could have run through my head at the time.
According to campus safety, the sight of the uniforms provides a sense of safety.
My return, sans uniform, may have caused her stress.
It wasn't easy going home and not knowing.
About a month later, I received a visit from the sheriff's office to get my statement as they were pursuing criminal assault charges.
They refused to tell me anything about the girl, but I later discovered she had returned to classes.
Thank you.

Summary: 
I think what you did was fine.
I stopped and got out of my car.
I asked if she needed any help or if there was anyone I could call for her.
I know there was little else I could have done in the situation.
As I was leaving, I told her I would get her some help.
Maybe return with campus security.
A POLICE OFFICER asked if I was ok and when I said no WALKED AWAY.
I just wish all these things could have run through my head at the time.
I'm sorry, thank you for showing empathy.
