Original Response: 
You may not know about it (I barely ever see it in English media), but Québec is currently missing over 100 000 workers, and that number is growing daily.
A lot of these are entry level, but if your situation is dire, my honest opinion is that Québec has a lot to offer, and your situation may very well improve by coming over here.
The province has been creating jobs for over a decade in wake of the 2008 crisis, and we are currently trying to recruit outside of the country, but not a lot of focus is being put on Canadians.
You do need to speak French in most cases, but if you're ever feeling like moving across country and starting over, it's a pretty good deal.
You can also call employers and ask if it's 100% necessary, because a lot of employers will pay for you to learn French as they're already doing it with foreign immigrants.
Some regions are down to 2% unemployment, they'll hire just about anyone who can walk straight and count to 10.
If you like the country side, you can get a house for 100k and a union job that starts at 20$/h in more places than you'd think possible.
Furthermore, cost of living is quite cheap, even in big cities, and if you're thinking of getting a higher education, it's quite a bit cheaper here than in other provinces.
If you live here for over a year, you get a discount, which brings a whole year down to roughly 2500$ for university.
Technical colleges start at 100$ per semester too, and you can get a technical degree within 3 years.
Vocational school, where some diplomas (electrician, plumber, etc) can take as little as 6 months to complete, are free in a lot of cases.
I'm not here to convince you, I'm not a recruiter, not here to start a debate about if you should have to speak French or whatever political argument there could be about all this, just putting it out there.
It does stem from my time living in Edmonton, I talked to a lot of people with little education who just couldn't get by and had no idea of what their future would be.
If you have any questions, I can probably answer a lot of them (I do work for Employment Insurance, so although I have no personal interest in the matter, I do know what I'm talking about), and you're always welcome in r/Quebec or r/Montreal / r/quebeccity.
https://www.jobbank.gc.ca/jobsearch/jobsearch?sort=M&amp;searchstring=Quebec&amp;button.submit=Search.
I was on my way, back in 2011 

took French for 8 years in school and never used it once.
maybe next year.
[deleted]
I moved from Eastern Quebec to Victoria years ago and stuck around Vic because it reminded me of Quebec city...Well if Quebec city was on the Pacific, surrounded by dope mountains and wicked rain forest and with an outrageous cost of life.
*cough* 11 billion *cough*.
Living off of the rest of Canada’s backs.
Good for you for promoting that and having no shame.
[deleted]
With a completely bullshit statement like that, I’m just going to leave a downvote and not even get into how wrong you are.
Glad everything’s so cheap for you.
You’re welcome.
[deleted]
I’m more puzzled you think any of that is right?“just because we spend the money doesn’t mean we get more”?!
Wtf do you even mean by that?
If you mean what I think you mean, what an entitled, ignorant attitude you have.
Again I really don’t have to say anything.
When all your social programs are topped up by humongous transfer payments every year it really eases pressure on the rest of the inner workings of a province.
Why do you think everything is so cheap, yet you still pay the highest taxes...boy oh boy if those transfer payments weren’t there and you had to calculate hydro into the equation Quebec would collapse quicker than Bombardier...oh wait...
[deleted]
That’s your response?
I’m glad you’re agreeable with all I’ve said.
Thanks.
[deleted]
What a relief right?
Mhmm...if it’s anything like your other comments it will just be nonsense anyways.
So thanks for that.
Have a good one.
[deleted]
I'm surprised this is the first comment I've seen here about equalisation.
I live in BC, and I love to see news about Quebec's economy improving.
If this keeps up I might eventually see a cut in my tax bill.
At least until they move the goalposts again.
&gt;Equalization payments would come to us if we were to accept it or not.
&gt;They're distributed per capita

Not quite the whole truth.
Equalisation is an income support payment based on productivity/GDP per capita.
It's not a simple matter of population that means Quebec, Ontario and others receive subsidies from other provinces.
Isn't Victoria much cheaper than Vancouver?
Or is the cost of living pretty similar?
Vancouver is still a notch ahead but if I'm not mistaking [Victoria is #3](https://www.timescolonist.com/news/local/victoria-is-least-affordable-smaller-housing-market-in-canada-report-1.8588407) after Toronto and Vanc.

Summary: 
Wtf do you even mean by that?
Living off of the rest of Canada’s backs.
If you mean what I think you mean, what an entitled, ignorant attitude you have.
Or is the cost of living pretty similar?
Glad everything’s so cheap for you.
Again I really don’t have to say anything.
I live in BC, and I love to see news about Quebec's economy improving.
Good for you for promoting that and having no shame.
