Original Response: 
Dallas police Officer Amber Guyger [faces a manslaughter charge after she fatally shot a 26-year-old Botham Shem Jean](https://www.dallasnews.com/news/crime/collection/death-botham-shem-jean), whose apartment near downtown she apparently mistook for her own.
If you have had questions about where the case is currently or the details involved – as well as how we've gone about reporting on it – my reporters and I would be happy to answer them for the next hour beginning at 10am CST!
Responses from me will be signed "MW".
*UPDATE: That's it for Mike today.
Thank you for having us r/AMA!
Feel free to follow us at u/dallasmorningnews where we will be posting updates as we continue to pursue details in this story.
If there are other topics y'all are interested about having conversations about, let us know.
*

Proof: [https://i.redd.it/ujce1x9xo9n11.jpg](https://i.redd.it/ujce1x9xo9n11.jpg)
Who did she call first, immediately afterwards?
Police say she called 911 immediately afterward.
We haven't seen a public record or heard a 911 that would confirm that.
We don't know what other calls she might have made.
MW.
Can't a 911 call be FOIA'ed?
Related, but curious.
If she was in full uniform and armed, I presumed she would have had her police radio with her which she could have used for police/medical assistance.
Did she not have a radio on her and thus called via phone?
We have submitted a FOIA for phone calls.
It is part of ongoing investigation, however, and they can withhold until it's complete.
Excellent question.
We don't know whether she was wearing her radio or whether it was on.
MW.
If she was in uniform she probably just called it in on her police radio instead of a phone call.
there's video of her pacing with a phone to her ear.
Yeah and it's generally public record.
I had copies of the one from my uncle's murder and the transcript where a off duty cop was there in the 911 logs, he's the most likely murderer, but the TBI refused to follow up on him because blue shield of silence oath.
Link?
Just a guess, but radios are relatively expensive, and are probably a shared resource, like police cars.
When her shift ended, it was likely left at the station for the next shift to use.
All I can do is tell you it was on twitter, I did see it.
Putting it over the radio means press find out about it and have news crews showing up within an hour.
Phone call means the cat isn't out if the bag as fast.
True.
But it likely would be out of procedure/policy.
I imagine radio request would result in assistance far sooner.
We don't know what the officer was wearing?
lol That is just bananas and stinks like a cover up.
Edit: I completely misunderstood.
😁.
Police radios go to the police dispatcher, not 911.
I would think a 911 operator could dispatch the fire department ambulance faster than a police dispatcher.
Does a police dispatcher even have the ability to contact and dispatch a fire department ambulance, or would they just contact a 911 operator?
That's [highly likely.
](http://www.titanradio.com/images/chargers/universal.jpg)
It's public record unless part of an investigation.
There was a police shooting in my city that involved a chase.
The PD announced that the cop had a bodycam that showed what happened.
Media asked to air it.
Because this was still under investigation, the PD instead had family members and media reps view the video privately, after which the reporters related on the air what the video showed.
The investigation was over pretty quickly, whereupon the video was released to media.
They didn't air the actual shooting, of course, but the entire video was available online.
The suspect was a career criminal who tried either to take the cop's gun away or grab his own, I forget which.
But even the family didn't blame the officer for shooting.
Just need someone from the department to confirm one way or the other.
I take mine home every day to charge it, so it could definitely go either way.
Oakland?
That seems kinda familiar.
It depends on the department.
Many agencies assign the officer a radio and it becomes their responsibility so a lot of times the radios go home with the officers.
Since most police officers make money on side jobs, they take their radios with them instead of leaving them at the station, too.
There are lots of scenarios as to where her radio may have been and explanations why she didn't have it on her when the shooting occurred.
Time will tell.
The press would have found out either way.
Even if she didn't transmit what happened over the air and someone called 911, the call is still dispatched where everyone can hear it.
Hi, 911 Dispatcher here.
A 911 operator could very well be the police dispatcher AND the fire department dispatcher depending on the size and scope of the agency.
Dallas does police, fire, and EMS so when a 911 call comes in to their department and they build a call, it's automatically disseminated to both the police and the fire/EMS dispatcher.
If a police dispatcher has a call that they find themselves needing EMS for, all they can instantaneously alert the fire/EMS dispatcher of the developing need.
All of this happens pretty instantaneously thanks to Computer Aided Dispatch software.
At an agency I worked for, if we needed an ambulance to respond to an assault but the call taker had only typed the call for police assistance, all we had to do was change the call type to assault with injuries and a linked call sheet would pop up for the fire department dispatcher (who was in the same room) and also sounded an alarm on their pc to alert them that they had something new.
We could also message each other within the Dispatch program so we could relay information to each other without screaming across the room.
Dallas is a much larger agency so I'm sure their CAD capabilities were much better than what ours were.
Either way, I can tell you the process is quite seamless.
Even if she had radio'd in, initially, the dispatcher would have been able to, in literally seconds, alerted EMS.
I didn’t realize she was in full uniform, is it true then she was coming home from work?
My wife said she saw a video of her from the hallway (I think?)
and that it didn’t look like she was in uniform, but I’m curious.
There’s video taken of her right after the shooting occurred on the phone with 911 before police arrived still in uniform.
Maybe a good place to look.
Nope.
South Texas.
Any way to know if she used a private (non government owned) cellphone before calling 911?
It's not a matter of if the press finds out but when that's important.
They find out like instantly lol.
Download a scanner app and you can hear live PD, Fire, and EMS dispatches from pretty much anywhere.
Thus the point of not putting it on the radio.
They literally have to.
How do you think the police know where to go?
Clairvoyance?
Yeah I'm sure she carries an anonymous burner phone on her for just such an occasion.
Is this fun for you?
What validation do you derive from imagining conspiracies where none need exist?
She's been arrested and charged...
That's just tragic.
I hope you heal wholly.
Disregarding my fancy tin foil hat I don't really!
I just think it seems the police are hiding behind the blue line to protect a murderer.
I could be wrong, it's happened before.
:D.
or i dunno the phone she had up to her ear?
look at the comment i was replying to.
Sorry man.
Pieces of shit shield.
I'm not talking about a burner phone, I'm talking about a personal phone.
I would think that a police officer would have two phones, a personal phone for calling friends, family, and other personal matters,  and a department provided phone to be used for official business.
The department phone could be required to be handed over and they could get records without a warrant.
But a personal phone is protected by the constitution against search and seizure, would be required to handed over willfully or with a warrant.
What do you think 911 call takers do after they receive a 911 call?
They dispatch it to an officer via radio.
It would have been a difference of a couple minutes between when she called 911 and when it was broadcast over the radio.
I've saw that video to they aired it on the morning news.
This is a reporter saying they don't know not the police.
Nope, radios are issued to the individual in Dallas.
Well sheesh that makes more sense!
I used to build police radios.
They need to be charged after a shift so I would think that it would be uncommon for an off duty officer to take one home.
Also, they cost $1000s of dollars so they aren’t going to keep enough of them for everyone to take theirs home at night.
Most other equipment is more “personal” but radios would normally be a pool of shared resources.
Fair point regarding needing a warrant, I would've just assumed that this would be provided (the warrant) pretty easily when someone has been killed...
I interpreted your original comment as characterising a 'private' phone (in her name) as something the cops wouldn't know about, which seemed pretty ridiculous.
Guyger was involved in a previous shooting.
What is the history of the unit she is assigned to, as related to shootings and excessive use of force?
I had no idea about this, do you know where I can read about this?
Reporting from ABC [Officer involved in previous shooting](https://abcnews.go.com/US/officer-shot-man-wrong-apartment-involved-previous-shooting/story?id=57703371)
If im not mistaken it seems like the situation occurred because someone took her tazer.
In the previous shooting she was 100% justified so it seems pointless to bring it up.
...the police report said someone took her Tazer.
https://dpdbeat.com/2017/05/12/officer-involved-shooting-8300-reva-st/

https://www.wfaa.com/article/news/special-reports/botham-jean/16-months-ago-amber-guyger-shot-a-drug-offender-who-took-an-officers-weapon/287-593030871.
Yeah, nothing ever happens.
The guy she shot is alive and plead guilty to taking a weapon from her.
http://courtecom.dallascounty.org/publicaccess/


Case No: F1754726 

You can read his plea agreement if you want.
Kinda like having some weed in your apartment is pointless to bring up, too?
\*

&amp;#x200B;

I don't know, though...it could show a pattern of a trigger happy cop!
&amp;#x200B;

;)  I'm just pointing out how weirdly this is all going down....

&amp;#x200B;

\*(not *you* bring it up, in particular...the investigation)
Some believe the police side of the story is automatically true.
Not always.
And some believe everything the police say is automatically false.
Threatening the full weight of the law for non-compliance and leniency for cooperation is standard operating procedure.
Keep that in mind.
I hate this truth duality from people.
Especially on Reddit.
&gt; "Neighbour says he heard shouting, other neighbour says he didn't"

* Shouting is good for the police testimony?
* There was no shouting.
* Shouting is against the police testimony?
* There was shouting.
Like I get why American people distrust the police and you should always remain open and look at all the evidence, but I just hate how people disregard evidence if it doesn't support their argument.
They even use *existing evidence* to try and smear the police.
It's so backwards.
I'm not talking about this case, but I just don't understand how people distrust their police so much I guess.
when is someone in the judicial system going to make an example of the killers we call police?
or are they just waiting for the revolution?
[removed]
soon enough as more and more of this goes unpunished, revolution will happen.
those who dont learn from history are bound to repeat it.
what went unpunished?
she is being charged with manslaughter.
apparently you dont watch any news.
she is being charged, ok?
how many others have been charged and got off?
i wont be the least bit surprised when she gets off scott free just as all the others.
furthermore, she will just go to the next precinct and be employed as soon as the trail is over.
As soon as everyone puts down their Starbucks and iPhones, it definitely next on the list.
l.a. 1992 my friend.
it will happen again.
revolution will come.
I think you've watched too much news and became delusional.
the overwhelming majority of police shootings are justified.
political malcontents like to throw out a bunch of hyperbole like it's the opposite.
this was obviously a crime and is being treated as such.
ok dude, let me know when you crawl out from under that rock.
why, so I can join you in your parent's basement?
pathetic attempt to assert you opinion of me in the face of facts that police are out there murdering people.
would you care to battle it out in justified shootings vs. police murder and assault?
post a link and ill post one.
also, never did i say that there arent justified shootings.
i think you are missing the point here dude.
That wasn't a revolution, nothing really changed afterwards.
hey, you're the one that told me to crawl out from under my rock.
go ahead, show me all of the police shootings that were unjustified and in which the officers faced no consequences.
I'll read them.
evidence simply doesn't support it being nearly as big of an issue as antifa types like to say it is.
I highly doubt your definition of justified or unjustified matches my or the legal definition, though.
you simply hate the police, so even if one of them is no billed bu a grand jury, you assume they are murderers.
Why not murder?
That’s what she did.
Manslaughter carries a lighter sentence.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/investigative/2015/10/24/on-duty-under-fire/?noredirect=on&amp;utm_term=.a676d9f8cb9f

This Washington Post article stated pretty clearly "But only a small number of the shootings — roughly 5 percent — occurred under the kind of circumstances that raise doubt and draw public outcry, according to an analysis by The Washington Post.
The vast majority of individuals shot and killed by police officers were, like Snyder, armed with guns and killed after attacking police officers or civilians or making other direct threats."
that is hardly, as you put it, police officers murdering people.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZteDlU0GXfs
no charges filed, totally justified huh?
The killing of Philando Castile.
Ramirez Rice - a 12 year old boy.
I’m British, watching this case with interest from my own country.
At times, the USA seems like the Wild West.
I’m sure some of it is exaggerated by the media.
I love so much about your country.
My wife and I are heading over there soon for our umpteenth vacation.
But your police forces have serious, often fatal deficiencies.
using the word often, is the problem.
it is actually very rare that these things happen.
that is why they are newsworthy.
murder is a legal definition that requires a certain set of parameters that this case wouldn't meet, or prosecutors wouldn't be able to prove (the mental culpability of intentionally or knowingly, as opposed to recklessly).
manslaughter better fits what happened and is easier to prove legally.
oh man.
that one occurrence totally proves your point.
this totally shows that police are just out there murdering people.
listen, there are definitely a statistically insignificant number of events in which American police unjustly shoot somebody or commit crimes under the color of office or are just generally bad people.
those things can and do happen, rarely.
but these instances are STATISTICALLY INSIGNIFICANT and often get far more than their share of media time simply because they are rare.
Fine I guess.
I’m just not looking forward to her getting just a slap on the wrist.
you are a fucking moron, im done with you for now.
even the british dude that replied to your other comment is aware something is fundamentally wrong with our policing in this country.
ill just sit and here and wait to reply to this thread when this woman gets off for murdering this man in his own apartment.
according to you, justified!
I’d still like your thoughts on those two cases I mentioned.
Did the cops walk free?
lol.
I thought you were going to post evidence the police were out there murdering people?
one YouTube video is all you could find?
at least I found an article from a major newspaper backing up my position.
have fun with your revolution buddy!
theres plenty more.
you just arent with the time or energy honestly.
even if you dug up a hundred,  it would still be statistically insignificant.
you're just proving my point.
those were both terrible tragedies.
in the case of Philando Castille, the officer was charged and acquitted.
I wasnt on the jury, so I cant speak to the evidence they were presented with before finding him not guilty.
Tamir Rices case was a perfect storm of a situation unfolding very quickly, and ending in a worst case scenario.
nevertheless, I don't believe these two cases are indicative of a broader problem with police shootings.
they were sensationalized because of how unusual they were.
Okay.
I could go on trawling the internet and digging up case after case after case.
Here's another one - this time a white male;

https://www.nytimes.com/2017/12/09/us/police-shooting-video-arizona.html

Honestly, this is, by any measure in any first world country, horrific.
I say that as a mature white male who has several lifelong friends who are cops.
Know some of what they go through, at least in the UK.
What I see here is a murder.
And the cop was acquitted.
I think what you have is a mixture of good cops, inadequately trained cops, cops who are not up to the rigours and stresses of the job, and of course a few who are corrupt.
But look at the gun he is armed with.
It looks like something more suited to a battlefield.
To say that the cop overreacted does not do justice to the way that that victim met his death.
It is outrageous that that cop was entrusted with that weapon.
some last parting words.
in the famous words of rage against the machine.
"now ya do what they told ya, and your under control.
those who died are justified for wearing the badge, theyre the chosen whites.
killing in the name of" you sir are indeed under control.
that was pretty bad, to be sure.
but you could dig up a hundred, and it would still be statistically insignificant.
these instances are highly publicized but not the norm by any means.
because of the nature of the job of police officer, they are often judged by a different set of criteria when it comes to on the job shootings.
this is, after all, one of the few jobs where shooting somebody in the course of their daily duties could be the RIGHT thing to do.
could he be unfit to be a police officer?
sure.
did he do something that day that amounted to murder?
the legal system acquitted him, so I guess not.
a jury saw evidence and deliberated, and decided that he did not commit a crime.
holy shit.
you are like a real life parody of an internet edgelord!
I think I'm beginning to see the problem in a different light.
I sometimes wonder how a juror could look at this and see something different to me.
This cop was subsequently fired, so I think you're damn right he was unfit for the job.
There is nothing in that video to suggest that he was at any time under threat from the victim.
The guy was crying in fear.
The cop does nothing but aggressively escalate the situation from minute one.
Your point about the risks of his job are not relevant.
Every situations has to be judged on it's unique circumstances.
As you say, this one was 'pretty bad'.
I suppose I can only be thankful for the fact that our police are unarmed.
When I get stopped by a cop, the most serious injury I'm likely to incur is a paper cut from the speeding ticket.
I don't envy you.
A cop was just convicted a couple weeks ago?
I believe that when the man goes to pull his pants up, the officer may have thought he was reaching for a weapon in his waistband.
the initial call the officers responded to was for a man pointing a gun out of a window.
one of the most prevalent commands officers give is to keep your hands up, to keep them away from your waist where weapons are sometimes hidden.
the minute his hands dipped down, was when he was shot.
interestingly enough, the person giving commands and the officer who shot were two different people.
again, this is an unusual situation and not at all the norm.
of course,  you should understand that this is astronomically unlikely to happen to you if you go to the US.
probably about as likely as me getting stabbed or run over by a car or arrested for posting memes if I were a tourist in England.
if you were to look at the media, you might think that was the case, but we both know it isn't.
But isn't "some British guy's" opinion evidence??
Lol.
hooray they got one!
justice for all!
also, you can't really compare the experiences of British and American police.
American police have to enter every situation with the knowledge that there is a very real possibility that there are firearms.
perhaps there is a problem with gun culture in the US, but unless that changes, the police have to have the capabilities to defend themselves and innocent civilians.
right?
They are all unusual situations.
But forcing - commanding - the man to move in that posture was ridiculous.
He was terrified, crying.
If you don't want to risk his arms moving, keep him stationary, flat on the ground, hands on his head as he was previously.
Anyone could lose their balance in that situation, and moving your hands is an instinct.
Any adult with a normal IQ knows this.
I've visited the US on maybe thirty occasions, for business and pleasure.
I've never had any dealings with your police.
But if I did - well, I am at their mercy.
I also visit mainland Europe several times a year.
I walk past armed police in Spain, France, Holland, Germany, Greece.
I feel safer there because we never hear of those forces overreacting in this way.
Perhaps that is due to incidents going unreported.
Perhaps they are better trained.
Perhaps they are calmer, because they don't have an armed populace.
I think incidents like this are just one symptom of the attitude towards guns and bearing arms the the USA.
It is a deep and complex issue, and frankly an unresolvable situation.
I'll be watching this case in Dallas with interest.
yes, they definitely could have ran that situation better.
you and I both know that the US is not the war torn battlefield nor the dystopian fascist nation that MSM and internet edgelords would have you believe.
if it were, nobody would come here.
you yourself said that you have been here 30 times with no police contact.
you said that you don't envy me, and I wouldn't expect you to.
but know that I have zero fear of police officers in my country in much the same way I have zero fear of muslims.
I understand that their media portrayal, in both cases, is driven by getting viewers and clicks.
i don't assume all or even most British TV personalities are child molesters.
Outrage sells.
I feel perfectly safe.
Being afraid of being shot by police in the US is like being afraid of being hit by lightning.
Unless you're doing something by choice to make it more likely, it is very, very unlikely to happen.

Summary: 
I used to build police radios.
could he be unfit to be a police officer?
I could be wrong, it's happened before.
* Shouting is against the police testimony?
What I see here is a murder.
Police radios go to the police dispatcher, not 911.
How do you think the police know where to go?
I love so much about your country.
I had no idea about this, do you know where I can read about this?
this totally shows that police are just out there murdering people.
But it likely would be out of procedure/policy.
Police say she called 911 immediately afterward.
But if I did - well, I am at their mercy.
This is a reporter saying they don't know not the police.
I thought you were going to post evidence the police were out there murdering people?
that is hardly, as you put it, police officers murdering people.
the overwhelming majority of police shootings are justified.
They dispatch it to an officer via radio.
We don't know what the officer was wearing?
I've never had any dealings with your police.
I suppose I can only be thankful for the fact that our police are unarmed.
I hope you heal wholly.
why, so I can join you in your parent's basement?
Can't a 911 call be FOIA'ed?
I hate this truth duality from people.
the legal system acquitted him, so I guess not.
you yourself said that you have been here 30 times with no police contact.
if it were, nobody would come here.
you said that you don't envy me, and I wouldn't expect you to.
There was a police shooting in my city that involved a chase.
one YouTube video is all you could find?
If she was in uniform she probably just called it in on her police radio instead of a phone call.
All I can do is tell you it was on twitter, I did see it.
We don't know what other calls she might have made.
Did she not have a radio on her and thus called via phone?
We have submitted a FOIA for phone calls.
I’d still like your thoughts on those two cases I mentioned.
But look at the gun he is armed with.
she is being charged with manslaughter.
Know some of what they go through, at least in the UK.
I'm not talking about this case, but I just don't understand how people distrust their police so much I guess.
And the cop was acquitted.
...the police report said someone took her Tazer.
I would think a 911 operator could dispatch the fire department ambulance faster than a police dispatcher.
if you were to look at the media, you might think that was the case, but we both know it isn't.
Thus the point of not putting it on the radio.
It would have been a difference of a couple minutes between when she called 911 and when it was broadcast over the radio.
would you care to battle it out in justified shootings vs. police murder and assault?
