Original Response: 
I’ll keep it short...ish.
I left the father of my first child 6 years ago when the child was almost 2.
I was suffering from postnatal depression for some time and he didn’t understand it.
(He’s since struggled with depression himself)

3 years ago I had sorted my life out a bit and wanted to give it another go, but he had just got a new girlfriend so I left it...

Fast forward to now.
He still has the girlfriend... and I have a 10 week old baby with another man (we broke up at Christmas)...
Ever since I got pregnant I’ve wished the baby was to my first kid’s dad and regretted not telling my feelings years ago... last night I wrote a fairly brief letter of my feelings to my ex and planned to give it today when he picked our daughter up for the weekend.
But I didn’t get chance to speak to him alone and couldn’t give it in front of our daughter because she’d never stop asking what it was about!
So I took a photo of the letter and sent it to him instead (stupid, I know)... anyway, that was over 12 hours ago.
I know he’s seen the photo but hasn’t acknowledged it at all...
I know I probably shouldn’t have sent the letter, I don’t wanna mess up things with him and his gf if they’re actually happy, but I also didn’t want to keep my feelings to myself on the off chance he felt the same.
I just want my family back, even though I’m almost certain it’s too late...
So please tell me how stupid and naive and selfish I am.
Or give me some support.
I don’t know which I need it deserve... but I’ve nobody to talk to about this at the moment.
So I turn to the strangers of the internet!!
TL;DR.
Declared feelings to my ex/baby daddy who I left 6 years ago and has a girlfriend.
Haven’t had a response.
Need support/a reality check.
[removed]
I was settled down the first time around.
I was just suffering with some mental health stuff at the time and wasn’t getting the support I needed.
I only had the energy to be either a good parent or a good girlfriend, and I prioritised my daughter (which I don’t regret at all).
I’m not pregnant, I gave a baby.
But I see your point.
Thanks for replying.
Any advice on where to go from here?
I’ll have to see my ex on Sunday when he drops my daughter off.
Should I say anything or just act like the letter never existed?
[removed]
It kind of is a spouse’s job to provide support... obviously my issues were my own, and once I realised that I was depressed I tried to get some help, but he still should have been there for me.
They put me on medication that numbed me emotionally and killed my sex drive.
And it was a 2 year waiting list for therapy... which I did put myself on.
Anyway.
I appreciate your response.
Good luck with the drinking and the wife.
[removed]
Of course I’m not saying it’s his responsibility to fix me.
But I think a spouse should be there to help give support while you learn to fix yourself...
[removed]
Jesus Christ, it's not like asking for support during postpartum is so off the wall.
I'm sorry for whatever is making you come down this hard on OP..
[removed]
I don’t know exactly.
Being a little more understanding when my only achievement for the day was keeping the baby alive perhaps.
He worked all day and didn’t wanna come home to a messy house.
But some days it was all I could do to get out of bed and feed the baby.
He put it all down to laziness even after I’d been diagnosed.
He thought I was using that as an excuse.
I don’t blame him for that really in retrospect, we were young and if I hadn’t been through it I’d have no idea what depression was like.
Objectively it sounds stupid.
Anyway, at the time I needed that support, I’d moved away from my family and friends to live with him so I felt really isolated.
[removed]
So why do you want him back, he's an ass.

Summary: 
But I see your point.
Or give me some support.
I’m not pregnant, I gave a baby.
I was settled down the first time around.
He thought I was using that as an excuse.
So I turn to the strangers of the internet!!
So why do you want him back, he's an ass.
I was suffering from postnatal depression for some time and he didn’t understand it.
