Original Response: 
This last weekend I went to an arcade bar with some of my friends from school.
We were having a grand ol' night and when everything came to an end, I was dropped off at home.
The next morning, in a haze, I woke up with a headache and dreamlike memories from the night before.
Reminiscing on the previous night I realized something wasn't right.
I hadn't consumed enough alcohol for my memories to be as cloudy as they were.
Everyone seemed far away and time had escaped from me.
I called up one of my classmates that was out with us and asked him if we did anything recreationally, he said no.
One of my friends calls me to ask if someone tried to get us to go with them as we were leaving the arcade bar.
I vaguely remember someone trying to get us to leave with them, we were the last two females left in the group.
Being the paranoid person I am, I took an at home drug test that tests for everything (PCP, cocaine, amphetimines, barbiturates, benzos, THC, etc).
I tested positive for both barbiturates and benzos.
With the rise in popularity of arcade bars, ladies and gents please be careful and mindful of where you set your drink.
It is such an easy environment to become a victim.
Luckily I was with a great group of people with good intentions, otherwise that night could have turned into something more sinister.
Thank you for reading.
Am I wildly off target for saying that you should still file a police report for this?
Just in case it helps them catch someone who could be doing it regularly?
Scary shit.
Glad you're okay.
Glad you have good friends.
Yes, there surely was ill intent here but in addition this is a dangerous drug combination especially when mixed with an unknown quantity of alcohol.
The police and the bar need to know about this ASAP.
Yeah, benzos + alcohol can get real bad, real quick.
If there's any chance of serious negative side effects from the drugs, I'd also add a hospital to that list.
Or a GP who's willing to make an emergency appt.
The bar is a good addition.
The serious negative side effects of benzos and alcohol are death, since OP woke up in the morning she's pretty much out of the woods, but a doctor visit is not a bad idea.
[deleted]
100% at the very least she should alert the bar so they can try to review security footage and then possibly can go to the police from there.
Those cameras are amazing..
I'm very embarrassed that this happened, I haven't even told my partner.
That's a big reason why I wrote about it on here.
So I know I should inform the authorities, but I'm not sure how to do that.
I'm also not sure how my partner would take it.
This.
Testing whether your partner will support you or hurt you isn’t a reason to avoid reporting.
They don’t need to know— but everyone needs a partner they can lean on.
Call the bar and ask to talk to a manager about your concerns and to see if they have any CCTV that might have picked the guy up.
Call the police either way.
If they get lots of calls about this sort of thing then they should take some steps (at least our local police are really hardcore about that sort of thing) and hopefully catch the people doing it.
Tell your partner, let them know you are fine, nothing happened and that you willbe/have called the bar and police.
Good luck!
And notify the arcade.
Whoever did that could be doing it night after night to different people unless police know where to look.

Summary: 
The bar is a good addition.
I tested positive for both barbiturates and benzos.
The police and the bar need to know about this ASAP.
Glad you have good friends.
Call the police either way.
That's a big reason why I wrote about it on here.
